

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000047111-19-000010
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		144
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20181231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20190222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20190222
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HERSHEY CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000047111
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SUGAR & CONFECTIONERY PRODUCTS [2060]
		IRS NUMBER:				230691590
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-00183
		FILM NUMBER:		19625377
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		19 EAST CHOCOLATE AVENUE
		STREET 2:		EXTERNAL RPTG & COMPLIANCE
		CITY:			HERSHEY
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17033
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7175344200
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		19 EAST CHOCOLATE AVENUE
		STREET 2:		EXTERNAL RPTG & COMPLIANCE
		CITY:			HERSHEY
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17033
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HERSHEY FOODS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HERSHEY CHOCOLATE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19680401






 2018











		




			


			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			


			

	

			

				



			

	

			


			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			


			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			


			

	

			


			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			


			

	

			


			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			


			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				
				
				
				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				
				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				
				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			


			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			


			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			


			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			


			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			


			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			


			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			


			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			


			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			
			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	

			

				



			

	
		
	
		
	


				


				


	
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
WASHINGTON
December&#160;31
19 East Chocolate Avenue
 Hershey
Registrant&#8217;s telephone number
Common Stock
Class B Common Stock
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)&#160;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item&#160;405 of Regulation S-K (&#167;229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting company
 or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer
If an emerging growth company
As of June 29
 2018 (the last business day of the registrant&#8217;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter)
13
038
400
. Class B Common Stock is not listed for public trading on any exchange or market system. However
 Class B shares are convertible into shares of Common Stock at any time on a share-for-share basis. Determination of aggregate market value assumes all outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock were converted to Common Stock as of June 29
 2018. The market value indicated is calculated based on the closing price of the Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on June 29
Common Stock
147
906
 shares
February&#160;15
Class B Common Stock
60
613
 shares
February&#160;15
December&#160;31
Market for Registrant's Common Equity
Directors
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
Exhibits
The Hershey Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on October&#160;24
 1927 as a successor to a business founded in 1894 by Milton S. Hershey.  In this report
 the terms &#8220;Hershey
&#8221; &#8220;Company
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us&#8221; or &#8220;our&#8221; mean The Hershey Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries and entities in which it has a controlling financial interest
Hershey is a global confectionery leader known for bringing goodness to the world through chocolate
 sweets
 mints
 gum and other great tasting snacks. We are the largest producer of quality chocolate in North America
 a leading snack maker in the United States and a global leader in chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery.  We market
Our organizational structure is designed to ensure continued focus on North America
 coupled with an emphasis on profitable growth in our focus international markets.  Our business is organized around geographic regions
 which enables us to build processes for repeatable success in our global markets. As a result
 we have defined our operating segments on a geographic basis
 as this aligns with how our Chief Operating Decision Maker (&#8220;CODM&#8221;) manages our business
 including resource allocation and performance assessment.  Our North America business
 of our consolidated revenue
 is our only reportable segment.  None of our other operating segments meet the quantitative thresholds to qualify as reportable segments; therefore
 - This segment is responsible for our traditional chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery market position
 as well as our grocery and growing snacks market positions
 in the United States and Canada.  This includes developing and growing our business in chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery
 pantry
- International and Other is a combination of all other operating segments that are not individually material
 including those geographic regions where we operate outside of North America.  We currently have operations and manufacture product in China
 Mexico
 Brazil
 India and Malaysia
 primarily for consumers in these regions
 and also distribute and sell confectionery products in export markets of Asia
 Latin America
 Middle East
 Europe
 Africa and other regions.  This segment also includes our global retail operations
 including Hershey's Chocolate World stores in Hershey
 Pennsylvania
 New York City
 Las Vegas
 Niagara Falls (Ontario) and Singapore
In October 2018
 we completed the acquisition of Pirate Brands
 which includes the&#160;
&#160;brands
 from B&amp;G Foods
 Inc. Pirate Brands offers baked
In January 2018
 we completed the acquisition of all of the outstanding shares of Amplify Snack Brands
 Inc. (Amplify)
 a publicly traded company based in Austin
 Texas that owns several popular better-for-you&#160;snack brands such as 
In April 2016
 we completed the acquisition of all of the outstanding shares of Ripple Brand Collective
 LLC
 a privately held company based in Congers
Our principal product offerings include chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery products; gum and mint refreshment products; pantry items
 such as baking ingredients
 toppings and beverages; and snack items such as spreads
 meat snacks
 bars and snack bites and mixes
Within our North America markets
 our product portfolio includes a wide variety of chocolate offerings marketed and sold under the renowned brands of 
 
 along with other popular chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery brands such as 
 
Brookside
 barkTHINS
Cadbury

 
 
 
 
 
 
.  We also offer premium chocolate products
 primarily in the United States
 mints and chewing gum
 bubble gum.  Our pantry and snack items that are principally sold in North America include baking products
 toppings and sundae syrups sold under the 
 brands
 chocolate spreads
 snack bites and mixes
 meat snack products
 half-popped corn snacks
 popcorn
Within our International and Other markets
 we manufacture
 market and sell many of these same brands
 as well as other brands that are marketed regionally
 confectionery products in Mexico
 snack products in Brazil
Our customers are mainly wholesale distributors
 chain grocery stores
 mass merchandisers
 chain drug stores
 vending companies
 wholesale clubs
 convenience stores
 dollar stores
 concessionaires and department stores.  The majority of our customers
 with the exception of wholesale distributors
 resell our products to end-consumers in retail outlets in North America and other locations worldwide. 
 of our consolidated net sales were made to McLane Company
 Inc.
 one of the largest wholesale distributors in the United States to convenience stores
 drug stores
 wholesale clubs and mass merchandisers and the primary distributor of our products to Wal-Mart Stores
The foundation of our marketing strategy is our strong brand equities
 product innovation and the consistently superior quality of our products.  We devote considerable resources to the identification
 development
 testing
 manufacturing and marketing of new products.  We utilize a variety of promotional programs directed towards our customers
 as well as advertising and promotional programs for consumers of our products
In conjunction with our sales and marketing efforts
Cocoa products
 including cocoa liquor
 cocoa butter and cocoa powder processed from cocoa beans
 are the most significant raw materials we use to produce our chocolate products.  These cocoa products are purchased directly from third-party suppliers
 who source cocoa beans that are grown principally in Far Eastern
 West African
Adverse weather
 crop disease
 political unrest and other problems in cocoa-producing countries have caused price fluctuations in the past
 but have never resulted in the total loss of a particular producing country&#8217;s cocoa crop and/or exports.  In the event that a significant disruption occurs in any given country
In 2016
 we established a trading company in Switzerland that performs all aspects of cocoa procurement
 including price risk management
 physical supply procurement and sustainable sourcing oversight.  The trading company was implemented to optimize the supply chain for our cocoa requirements
 with a strategic focus on gaining real time access to cocoa market intelligence.  It also provides us with the ability to recruit and retain world class commodities traders and procurement professionals and enables enhanced collaboration with commodities trade groups
We also use substantial quantities of sugar
 Class II and IV dairy products
 peanuts
 almonds and energy in our production process.  Most of these inputs for our domestic and Canadian operations are purchased from suppliers in the United States.  For our international operations
We change prices and weights of our products when necessary to accommodate changes in input costs
 the competitive environment and profit objectives
 while at the same time maintaining consumer value.  Price increases and weight changes help to offset increases in our input costs
 including raw and packaging materials
 fuel
 utilities
 transportation costs and employee benefits.  When we implement price increases
 there is usually a time lag between the effective date of the list price increases and the impact of the price increases on net sales
 in part because we typically honor previous commitments to planned consumer and customer promotions and merchandising events subsequent to the effective date of the price increases.  In addition
 promotional allowances may be increased subsequent to the effective date
Many of our confectionery brands enjoy wide consumer acceptance and are among the leading brands sold in the marketplace in North America and certain markets in Latin America.  We sell our brands in highly competitive markets with many other global multinational
 national
 regional and local firms.  Some of our competitors are large companies with significant resources and substantial international operations.  Competition in our product categories is based on product innovation
 product quality
 price
 brand recognition and loyalty
 effectiveness of marketing and promotional activity
 the ability to identify and satisfy consumer preferences
 as well as convenience and service.  In recent years
 we have also experienced increased competition from other snack items
Working Capital
Our sales are typically higher during the third and fourth quarters of the year
 representing seasonal and holiday-related sales patterns.  We manufacture primarily for stock and typically fill customer orders within a few days of receipt.  Therefore
Trademarks
We own various registered and unregistered trademarks and service marks. The trademarks covering our key product brands are of material importance to our business.  We follow a practice of seeking trademark protection in the United States and other key international markets where our products are sold.  We also grant trademark licenses to third parties to produce and sell pantry items
Furthermore
Iconic IP Interests
We engage in a variety of research and development activities in a number of countries
 including the United States
 Mexico
 Brazil
 India and China.  We develop new products
 improve the quality of existing products
 improve and modernize production processes
The manufacture and sale of consumer food products is highly regulated.  In the United States
 our activities are subject to regulation by various government agencies
 including the Food and Drug Administration
 the Department of Agriculture
 the Federal Trade Commission
 the Department of Commerce and the Environmental Protection Agency
We believe our Product Excellence Program provides us with an effective product quality and safety program.  This program is integral to our global supply chain platform and is intended to ensure that all products we purchase
 manufacture and distribute are safe
Through our Product Excellence Program
 we evaluate our supply chain including ingredients
 packaging
 processes
 products
Beyond ordinary course operating and capital expenditures we make to comply with environmental laws and regulations
 we have made a number of commitments to protect and reduce our impact on the environment in recent years
 including efforts to protect forests and forested habitats and reduce emissions across our supply chain. The annual operating and capital expenditures associated with these ordinary course payments and additional commitments are not material with respect to our results of operations
December&#160;31
 2018
14
 full-time and 1
490 part-time employees worldwide. Collective bargaining agreements covered approximately 5
780 employees.  During 
 agreements will be negotiated for certain employees at three facilities outside of the United States
 comprising approximately 67% of total employees under collective bargaining agreements.  We believe that our employee relations are generally good.
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
The Hershey Company&#8217;s commitment to sustainability started with our founder&#8217;s belief in responsible citizenship.&#160;He was a purpose-driven leader who believed we could use chocolate to create goodness in the world. This belief resulted in strong investment in local communities and the establishment of the Milton Hershey School for disadvantaged kids.&#160; We continue&#160;that legacy today through our sustainability strategy &#8220;The Shared Goodness Promise&#8221; by operating the business with sustainable practices
 sourcing ingredients responsibly
 protecting our environment
 making a difference in our communities and helping kids globally reach their full potential. To learn more about our sustainability goals
 progress and initiatives
The Company's website address is www.thehersheycompany.com.  We file or furnish annual
 quarterly and current reports
 proxy statements and other information with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (&#8220;SEC&#8221;).  You may obtain a copy of any of these reports
 free of charge
 from the Investors section of our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with
 or furnish it to
 the SEC.  The SEC maintains an Internet site that also contains these reports at: www.sec.gov.  In addition
 copies of the Company's annual report will be made available
 free of charge
We have a Code of Conduct that applies to our Board of Directors (&#8220;Board&#8221;) and all Company officers and employees
 including
 without limitation
 our Chief Executive Officer and &#8220;senior financial officers&#8221; (including the Chief Financial Officer
 Chief Accounting Officer and persons performing similar functions).  You can obtain a copy of our Code of Conduct
 as well as our Corporate Governance Guidelines and charters for each of the Board&#8217;s standing committees
 from the Investors section of our website.  If we change or waive any portion of the Code of Conduct that applies to any of our directors
 executive officers or senior financial officers
This Annual Report on Form 10-K
 including the exhibits hereto and the information incorporated by reference herein
 contains &#8220;forward-looking statements&#8221; within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Other than statements of historical fact
 information regarding activities
 events and developments that we expect or anticipate will or may occur in the future
 including
 but not limited to
 information relating to our future growth and profitability targets and strategies designed to increase total shareholder value
 are forward-looking statements based on management&#8217;s estimates
 assumptions and projections.  Forward-looking statements also include
 but are not limited to
 statements regarding our future economic and financial condition and results of operations
 the plans and objectives of management and our assumptions regarding our performance and such plans and objectives.  Many of the forward-looking statements contained in this document may be identified by the use of words such as &#8220;intend
&#8221; &#8220;believe
&#8221; &#8220;expect
&#8221; &#8220;anticipate
&#8221; &#8220;should
&#8221; &#8220;planned
&#8221; &#8220;projected
&#8221; &#8220;estimated&#8221; and &#8220;potential
&#8221; among others. Forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are predictions only and actual results could differ materially from management&#8217;s expectations due to a variety of factors
 including those described below.  All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons working on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by such risk factors.  The forward-looking statements that we make in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on management&#8217;s current views and assumptions regarding future events and speak only as of their dates. We assume no obligation to update developments of these risk factors or to announce publicly any revisions to any of the forward-looking statements that we make
 or to make corrections to reflect future events or developments
Issues or concerns related to the quality and safety of our products
 ingredients or packaging could cause a product recall and/or result in harm to the Company&#8217;s reputation
In order to sell our iconic
 branded products
 we need to maintain a good reputation with our customers and consumers.  Issues related to the quality and safety of our products
 ingredients or packaging could jeopardize our Company&#8217;s image and reputation.  Negative publicity related to these types of concerns
 or related to product contamination or product tampering
 whether valid or not
 could decrease demand for our products or cause production and delivery disruptions.  We may need to recall products if any of our products become unfit for consumption.  In addition
 we could potentially be subject to litigation or government actions
We use many different commodities for our business
 including cocoa products
 sugar
 dairy products
 peanuts
 almonds
 corn sweeteners
Commodities are subject to price volatility and changes in supply caused by numerous factors
Although we use forward contracts and commodity futures and options contracts where possible to hedge commodity prices
 commodity price increases ultimately result in corresponding increases in our raw material and energy costs.  If we are unable to offset cost increases for major raw materials and energy
We may be able to pass some or all raw material
 energy and other input cost increases to customers by increasing the selling prices of our products or decreasing the size of our products; however
 higher product prices or decreased product sizes may also result in a reduction in sales volume and/or consumption.  If we are not able to increase our selling prices or reduce product sizes sufficiently
 or in a timely manner
 to offset increased raw material
 energy or other input costs
 including packaging
 freight
 direct labor
 overhead and employee benefits
 or if our sales volume decreases significantly
We operate in highly competitive markets and rely on continued demand for our products.  To generate revenues and profits
 we must sell products that appeal to our customers and to consumers.  Our continued success is impacted by many factors
Our response to consumer demographics and trends
 including but not limited to
Consumer health concerns
There continues to be competitive product and pricing pressures in the markets where we operate
 as well as challenges in maintaining profit margins.  We must maintain mutually beneficial relationships with our key customers
 including retailers and distributors
 to compete effectively.  Our largest customer
 McLane Company
 Inc.
.  McLane Company
 Inc. is one of the largest wholesale distributors in the United States to convenience stores
 drug stores
 wholesale clubs and mass merchandisers
 including Wal-Mart Stores
The global confectionery packaged goods industry is intensely competitive and consolidation in this industry continues.  Some of our competitors are large companies that have significant resources and substantial international operations.  We continue to experience increased levels of in-store activity for other snack items
 which has pressured confectionery category growth.  In order to protect our existing market share or capture increased market share in this highly competitive retail environment
 we may be required to increase expenditures for promotions and advertising
 and must continue to introduce and establish new products.  Due to inherent risks in the marketplace associated with advertising and new product introductions
 including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance
 increased expenditures may not prove successful in maintaining or enhancing our market share and could result in lower sales and profits.  In addition
Disruption to our manufacturing operations or supply chain could impair our ability to produce or deliver finished products
Approximately 71% of our manufacturing capacity is located in the United States.  Disruption to our global manufacturing operations or our supply chain could result from
 among other factors
Operational and/or financial instability of key suppliers
We believe that we take adequate precautions to mitigate the impact of possible disruptions.  We have strategies and plans in place to manage disruptive events if they were to occur
 including our global supply chain strategies and our principle-based global labor relations strategy.  If we are unable
 or find that it is not financially feasible
 to effectively plan for or mitigate the potential impacts of such disruptive events on our manufacturing operations or supply chain
Our financial results may be adversely impacted by the failure to successfully execute or integrate acquisitions
From time to time
 we may evaluate potential acquisitions
 divestitures or joint ventures that align with our strategic objectives.  The success of such activity depends
 in part
 upon our ability to identify suitable buyers
 sellers or business partners; perform effective assessments prior to contract execution; negotiate contract terms; and
 if applicable
 obtain government approval.  These activities may present certain financial
 managerial
 staffing and talent
 and operational risks
 including diversion of management&#8217;s attention from existing core businesses; difficulties integrating or separating businesses from existing operations; and challenges presented by acquisitions or joint ventures which may not achieve sales levels and profitability that justify the investments made.  If the acquisitions
 divestitures or joint ventures are not successfully implemented or completed
 there could be a negative impact on our financial condition
We completed the acquisitions of Amplify Snack Brands
 Inc. and Pirate Brands in January 2018 and October 2018
 respectively.  While we believe significant operating synergies can be obtained in connection with these acquisitions
 achievement of these synergies will be driven by our ability to successfully leverage Hershey's resources
 expertise
 capability-building
 distribution locations and customer base.  In addition
 the acquisitions of Amplify and Pirate Brands are important steps in our journey to expand our breadth in snacking
 as they should enable us to bring scale and category management capabilities to a key sub-segment of the warehouse snack aisle. If we are unable to successfully couple Hershey&#8217;s scale and expertise in brand building with Amplify and Pirate Brands' existing operations
Changes in laws and regulations and the manner in which they are interpreted or applied may alter our business environment.  These negative impacts could result from changes in food and drug laws
 laws related to advertising and marketing practices
 accounting standards
 taxation requirements
 competition laws
 employment laws and environmental laws
Political
Our operations are impacted by consumer spending levels and impulse purchases which are affected by general macroeconomic conditions
 consumer confidence
 employment levels
 the availability of consumer credit and interest rates on that credit
 consumer debt levels
 energy costs and other factors.  Volatility in food and energy costs
 sustained global recessions
 broad political instability
 rising unemployment and declines in personal spending could adversely impact our revenues
Changes in financial market conditions may make it difficult to access credit markets on commercially acceptable terms
 which may reduce liquidity or increase borrowing costs for our Company
 our customers and our suppliers.  A significant reduction in liquidity could increase counterparty risk associated with certain suppliers and service providers
 resulting in disruption to our supply chain and/or higher costs
 and could impact our customers
 resulting in a reduction in our revenue
Our international operations may not achieve projected growth objectives
 which could adversely impact our overall business and results of operations. 
 
 respectively
 we derived approximately 
 of our net sales from customers located outside of the United States.  Additionally
December&#160;31
.  As part of our strategy
 we have made investments outside of the United States
 particularly in Canada
 China
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Brazil and India.  As a result
 we are subject to risks and uncertainties relating to international sales and operations
Unforeseen global economic and environmental changes resulting in business interruption
 supply constraints
 inflation
Inability to establish
Difficulties and costs associated with compliance and enforcement of remedies under a wide variety of complex laws
Political and economic instability
 including the possibility of civil unrest
 terrorism
The imposition of tariffs
 quotas
 trade barriers
Increased costs
Failure to recruit
If we are not able to achieve our projected international growth objectives and mitigate the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with our international operations
Disruptions
Information technology is critically important to our business operations.  We use information technology to manage all business processes including manufacturing
 financial
 logistics
 sales
 marketing and administrative functions.  These processes collect
 interpret and distribute business data and communicate internally and externally with employees
 suppliers
We are regularly the target of attempted cyber and other security threats.&#160; Therefore
 we continuously monitor and update our information technology networks and infrastructure to prevent
 detect
 address and mitigate the risk of unauthorized access
 misuse
 computer viruses and other events that could have a security impact. We invest in industry standard security technology to protect the Company&#8217;s data and business processes against risk of data security breach and cyber attack.  Our data security management program includes identity
 trust
 vulnerability and threat management business processes as well as adoption of standard data protection policies.  We measure our data security effectiveness through industry accepted methods and remediate significant findings.  Additionally
 we certify our major technology suppliers and any outsourced services through accepted security certification standards.  We maintain and routinely test backup systems and disaster recovery
While we have been subject to cyber attacks and other security breaches
 these incidents did not have a significant impact on our business operations. We believe our security technology tools and processes provide adequate measures of protection against security breaches and in reducing cybersecurity risks. Nevertheless
 despite continued vigilance in these areas
 disruptions in or failures of information technology systems are possible and could have a negative impact on our operations or business reputation.  Failure of our systems
 including failures due to cyber attacks that would prevent the ability of systems to function as intended
 could cause transaction errors
 loss of customers and sales
 and could have negative consequences to our Company
 our employees and those with whom we do business. This in turn could have a negative impact on our financial condition and results or operations. In addition
We might not be able to hire
Our future success depends upon our ability to identify
 hire
 develop
 engage and retain talented personnel across the globe. Competition for global talent is intense
 and we might not be able to identify and hire the personnel we need to continue to evolve and grow our business. In particular
 if we are unable to hire the right individuals to fill new or existing senior management positions as vacancies arise
Activities related to identifying
 recruiting
 hiring and integrating qualified individuals require significant time and attention. We may also need to invest significant amounts of cash and equity to attract talented new employees
In addition to hiring new employees
 we must continue to focus on retaining and engaging the talented individuals we need to sustain our core business and lead our developing businesses into new markets
 channels and categories. This may require significant investments in training
 coaching and other career development and retention activities. If we are not able to effectively retain and grow our talent
 our ability to achieve our strategic objectives will be adversely affected
We may not fully realize the expected costs savings and/or operating efficiencies associated with our strategic initiatives or restructuring programs
We depend on our ability to evolve and grow
 and as changes in our business environment occur
 we may adjust our business plans by introducing new strategic initiatives or restructuring programs to meet these changes. Recently introduced strategic initiatives include our efforts to continue to expand our presence in digital commerce
 to transform our manufacturing
 commercial and corporate operations through digital technologies and to enhance our data analytics capabilities to develop new commercial insights.&#160; If we are not able to capture our share of the expanding digital commerce market
 if we do not adequately leverage technology to improve operating efficiencies or if we are unable to develop the data analytics capabilities needed to generate actionable commercial insights
 our business performance may be impacted
Additionally
 from time to time we implement business realignment activities to support key strategic initiatives designed to maintain long-term sustainable growth
 such as the Margin for Growth Program we commenced in the first quarter of 2017. These programs are intended to increase our operating effectiveness and efficiency
be able to successfully implement these strategic initiatives and restructuring programs
 that we will achieve or sustain the intended benefits under these programs
 or that the benefits
 even if achieved
 will be adequate to meet our long-term growth and profitability expectations
We rely extensively on information systems and technology to manage our business and summarize operating results.  We are in the process of a multi-year implementation of a new global enterprise resource planning (&#8220;ERP&#8221;) system. This ERP system will replace our existing operating and financial systems. The ERP system is designed to accurately maintain the Company&#8217;s financial records
 enhance operational functionality and provide timely information to the Company&#8217;s management team related to the operation of the business. The ERP system implementation process has required
 and will continue to require
 the investment of significant personnel and financial resources. We may not be able to successfully implement the ERP system without experiencing delays
 increased costs and other difficulties. If we are unable to successfully design and implement the new ERP system as planned
 our financial positions
 results of operations and cash flows could be negatively impacted. Additionally
 if we do not effectively implement the ERP system as planned or the ERP system does not operate as intended
Hershey
Lancaster
Hazleton
Robinson
Stuarts Draft
Edwardsville
Palmyra
Ogden
Kennesaw
New York
Brantford
Monterrey
El Salto
Johor
In addition to the locations indicated above
 we also own or lease several other properties and buildings worldwide which we use for manufacturing
 sales
 distribution and administrative functions. Our facilities are well maintained and generally have adequate capacity to accommodate seasonal demands
 changing product mixes and certain additional growth.  We regularly improve our facilities to incorporate the latest technologies. The largest facilities are located in Hershey
 Lancaster and Hazleton
 Pennsylvania; Monterrey and El Salto
 Mexico; and Stuarts Draft
Virginia.  The U.S.
 Canada and Mexico facilities in the table above primarily support our North America segment
 while the Malaysia facility primarily serve our International and Other segment.  As discussed in Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 we do not manage our assets on a segment basis given the integration of certain manufacturing
 warehousing
The Company is subject to certain legal proceedings and claims arising out of the ordinary course of our business
 which cover a wide range of matters including trade regulation
 product liability
 advertising
 contracts
 environmental issues
 patent and trademark matters
 labor and employment matters and tax.  While it is not feasible to predict or determine the outcome of such proceedings and claims with certainty
 in our opinion these matters
 both individually and in the aggregate
 are not expected to have a material effect on our financial condition
The executive officers of the Company
 their positions and
February&#160;15
 2019
Senior Vice President
President and Chief Executive Officer (March 2017); Executive Vice President
 Chief Operating Officer (June 2016); President
 North America (May 2013); Senior Vice President
Chief Accounting Officer (August 2015); Senior Vice President
Senior Vice President
Senior Vice President
 Chief Product Supply and Technology Officer (March 2017); Senior Vice President
 Chief Supply Chain Officer (May 2013); Senior Vice President
President
Senior Vice President
Senior Vice President
Mr. Atkins was elected Senior Vice President
 General Counsel and Secretary effective August 13
 2018. Prior to joining our Company he was General Counsel and Corporate Secretary at Panasonic Corporation of North America
 Inc. (May 2015) and Senior Vice President
 Deputy General Counsel (Corporate) and Chief Compliance Officer at AOL
Ms. Little was elected Senior Vice President
 Chief Financial Officer effective March 16
 2015.  Prior to joining our Company she was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Kelly Services
 Inc. (July 2008). On August 16
 2018
Mr. Tillemans was elected President
 U.S. effective April 3
 2017.  Prior to joining our Company he was President
Ms. West was elected Senior Vice President
 Chief Growth Officer effective May 1
 2017.  Prior to joining our Company she was Executive Vice President
 Chief Customer and Marketing Officer at J.C. Penney (June 2015) and Executive Vice President
MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT&#8217;S COMMON EQUITY
December&#160;31
 2018
 was $107.18.  There were 26
December&#160;31
On January 29
 2019
 our Board declared a quarterly dividend of $0.722 per share of Common Stock payable on March 15
 2019
 to stockholders of record as of February 22
In January 2016
 share repurchase authorization.&#160; This program was completed in the first quarter of 2018. In October 2017
 share repurchase authorization
December&#160;31
 2018
 remained available for repurchases of our Common Stock under this program. The share repurchase program does not have an expiration date. In July 2018
In August 2017
 the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Hershey Trust Company
 as trustee for the Milton Hershey School Trust (the &#8220;Trust&#8221;)
1
500
&#160;per share
In November 2018
 the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Hershey Trust Company
 as trustee for the Trust
450
&#160;per share
The following graph compares our cumulative total stockholder return (Common Stock price appreciation plus dividends
Among The Hershey Company
 the S&amp;P 500 Index
*$100 invested on December 31
 2013 in stock or index
December 31
7
791
7
515
7
440
7
386
7
421
4
215
4
060
4
270
4
000
4
085
Selling
1
874
1
885
1
891
1
945
1
900
Goodwill
57
208
4
280
15
19
47
29
Interest Expense
138
98
90
105
83
239
354
379
388
459
1
177
782
720
512
846
149
151
153
158
161
60
60
60
60
60
210
213
215
220
224
412
387
352
328
151
140
132
123
111
231
211
231
197
176
64
50
70
47
35
479
541
521
561
570
328
257
269
356
370
7
703
5
553
5
524
5
344
5
622
1
203
859
632
863
635
3
254
2
061
2
347
1
557
1
542
1
407
931
827
1
047
1
519
14
15
16
19
20
209
210
212
216
221
In accordance with ASU No. 2017-07
 the non-service cost components of net periodic benefit cost relating to the Company's pension and other post retirement benefit plans have been reclassified to the Other (income) expense
 net caption for the years ended December 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015 to conform to the 2018 presentation. Other (income) expense
This Management's Discussion and Analysis (&#8220;MD&amp;A&#8221;) is intended to provide an understanding of Hershey's financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows by focusing on changes in certain key measures from year to year.  The MD&amp;A should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying Notes included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties.  Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors
 including those discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
We are the largest producer of quality chocolate in North America
 a leading snack maker in the United States and a global leader in chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery known for bringing goodness to the world through chocolate
 sweets
 mints
 gum and other great tasting snacks.  We market
We believe we have a set of differentiated capabilities that when integrated
.  We are taking actions to deepen our consumer connections
 deliver meaningful innovation and reinvent the shopping experience
Our products frequently play an important role in special meaningful moments among family and friends. Seasons are an important part of our business model and for consumers
 they are highly anticipated
 cherished special times
 centered around traditions. For us
Innovation is an important lever in this variety seeking category and we are leveraging work from our proprietary demand landscape analytical tool to shape our future innovation and make it more impactful. We are becoming more disciplined in our focus on platform innovation
Through our shopper insights work
 we are currently collaborating with our retail partners on in-aisle strategies that we believe will breathe life into the center of the store and transform the shopping experience by improving paths to purchase
 stopping power
 navigation
To expand our breadth in snacking
 we are focused on expanding the boundaries of our core confection brands to capture new snacking occasions and increasing our exposure into new snack categories through acquisitions.  Our expansion into snacking is being fueled by the recent acquisitions of Amplify and Pirate Brands in January 2018 and October 2018
We have reset our international investment
 while holding fast to our belief that our targeted emerging market strategy will deliver long-term
We have heightened our selling
.  In order to generate actionable insights
 we must acquire
 integrate
 access and utilize vast sources of the right data in an effective manner. We are working to leverage our advanced analytical techniques to gain a deep understanding of consumers
 our customers
 our shoppers
 our end-to-end supply chain
 our retail environment and key economic drivers at both a macro and precision level.  In addition
 we are in the process of transforming our enterprise resource planning system
The Overview presented below is an executive-level summary highlighting the key trends and measures on which the Company&#8217;s management focuses in evaluating its financial condition and operating performance.  Certain earnings and performance measures within the Overview include financial information determined on a non-GAAP basis
 which aligns with how management internally evaluates the Company's results of operations
 determines incentive compensation
 and assesses the impact of known trends and uncertainties on the business.  A detailed reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures referenced herein to their nearest comparable GAAP financial measures follows this summary.  For a detailed analysis of the Company's operations prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP)
 referred to as reported herein
In 2018
 we made strong progress on our strategic initiatives
 including strengthening our U.S. core confection business
 expanding our snacks portfolio to capture incremental consumer occasions and optimizing the product portfolio across various international markets.  We continued to generate solid operating cash flow
 totaling approximately $1.6 billion in 2018
In January 2018
 we completed the acquisition of all of the outstanding shares of Amplify Snack Brands
 Inc. (Amplify)
 previously a publicly traded company based in Austin
 Texas that owns several popular better-for-you&#160;snack brands such as&#160;
&#160;
. Amplify's anchor brand
&#160;
 is a market-leading ready-to-eat popcorn brand and is available in a wide range of food distribution channels in the United States. The business enables us to capture more consumer snacking occasions by contributing a new portfolio of brands. On July 5
 2018
In October 2018
 we completed the acquisition of Pirate Brands
 which includes the&#160;
&#160;brands
 from B&amp;G Foods
 Inc. Pirate Brands offers baked
$7
791.1 million
 an increase of 
$7
 for the comparable period of 2017. Excluding a 0.2% impact from unfavorable foreign exchange rates
&#160;for the full year 2018
 a decrease of&#160;
 basis points compared to the full year 2017 due to higher freight and logistics costs
$1
623.7 million
 respectively
$1
313.4 million
 respectively. From a non-GAAP perspective
$1
607.1 million
 respectively
$1
556.5 million
$1
177.6 million
 respectively
 compared to full year 2017 reported net income and reported EPS-diluted of&#160;
 respectively. From a non-GAAP perspective
$1
130.1 million
$1
&#160;for the same period of 2017
. The increases in our adjusted net income and adjusted EPS-diluted in 2018 compared to 2017 were primarily due to slightly lower selling
 marketing and administrative expenses
 as well as a lower 2018 tax rate as a result of U.S. tax reform
The comparability of certain of our financial measures is impacted by unallocated mark-to-market (gains) losses on commodity derivatives
 pension settlement charges relating to company-directed initiatives
 costs associated with business realignment activities
 costs relating to the integration of acquisitions
 impairment of long-lived assets
 the one-time impact of U.S. tax reform
 the gain realized on the sale of a trademark and the gain recorded upon settlement of a liability in conjunction with the purchase of the remaining 20% of the outstanding shares of Shanghai Golden Monkey Food Joint Stock Co.
To provide additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present performance
 we use non-GAAP financial measures within MD&amp;A that exclude the financial impact of these activities.  These non-GAAP financial measures are used internally by management in evaluating results of operations and determining incentive compensation
 and in assessing the impact of known trends and uncertainties on our business
In conjunction with the adoption of ASU 2017-07
&#160;
 in the first quarter of 2018
 the Company elected to discontinue its practice of excluding the non-service related components of its net periodic benefit cost in deriving its non-GAAP financial measures
 with a minor exception. Historically
 the Company excluded from its non-GAAP results the following components relating to its pension benefit plans: interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 amortization of net loss (gain)
 and settlement and curtailment charges. The Company did not historically exclude from its non-GAAP results the non-service related components relating to its other post retirement benefit plans. Starting with the first quarter of 2018
 the Company will continue to exclude from its non-GAAP results the portion of pension settlement and/or curtailment charges relating to Company-directed initiatives
 such as significant business realignment events and benefit plan terminations or amendments. As a result of this change
December&#160;31
For the years ended December 31
3
575
3
455
3
169
(168
(35
163
11
5
58
6
3
424
3
425
3
390
1
623
1
313
1
255
(168
(35
163
51
69
93
44
6
57
208
4
(2
1
607
1
556
1
522
239
354
379
(15
(4
20
12
18
13
9
2
1
4
5
15
23
1
7
(32
(1
269
362
422
1
177
782
720
(152
(30
142
38
51
79
35
4
4
6
8
41
185
3
(7
32
(6
(26
(26
(1
1
130
1
001
931
For the years ended December 31
In the assessment of our results
For the years ended December 31
Calculated as non-GAAP provision for income taxes as a percentage of non-GAAP income before taxes (calculated as non-GAAP operating profit minus non-GAAP interest expense
 net plus or minus non-GAAP other (income) expense
The mark-to-market (gains) losses on commodity derivatives are recorded as unallocated and excluded from adjusted results until such time as the related inventory is sold
 at which time the corresponding (gains) losses are reclassified from unallocated to segment income. Since we often purchase commodity contracts to price inventory requirements in future years
 we make this adjustment to facilitate the year-over-year comparison of cost of sales on a basis that matches the derivative gains and losses with the underlying economic exposure being hedged for the period.  For the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017 and 2016
 the net adjustment recognized within unallocated was a gain of 
 a gain of 
We periodically undertake restructuring and cost reduction activities as part of ongoing efforts to enhance long-term profitability. For the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017 and 2016
 we incurred 
 
 respectively
For the year ended December 31
 2018
 related to the acquisitions of Amplify and Pirate Brands. This primarily includes legal and consultant fees
 as well as severance and other costs relating to the integration of the businesses. For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 we incurred expenses totaling 
 respectively
 related to integration of the 2016 acquisition of Ripple Brand Collective
 LLC
In 2018
 settlement charges in our hourly defined benefit plan were triggered by lump sum withdrawals by employees retiring or leaving the Company under a voluntary separation plan included within the Operational Optimization Program (as defined below). In 2017
 settlement charges were triggered in the pension plan benefiting our employees in Puerto Rico as a result of lump sum distributions and the purchase of annuity contracts relating to the termination of this plan. In 2016
For the year ended December 31
 2018
 of pre-tax long-lived asset impairment charges to adjust the long-lived asset values of certain disposal groups
 including the SGM and Tyrrells businesses
 the Lotte Shanghai Foods Co.
 Ltd. joint venture and other assets. These charges represent the excess of the disposal groups' carrying values
 including the related currency translation adjustment amounts realized or to be realized upon completion of the sales
 over the sales values less costs to sell for the respective businesses.  The fair values of the disposal groups were supported by the sales prices paid by third-party buyers or estimated sales prices based on marketing of the disposal group
 when the sale has not yet been completed. For the year ended December 31
 2017
 of pre-tax long-lived asset impairment charges related to certain business realignment activities.  This included a write-down of certain intangible assets that had been recognized in connection with the 2014 SGM acquisition and a write-down of property
 plant and equipment. For the year ended December 31
 2016
 in connection with our 2016 annual impairment testing of other indefinite lived assets
During the fourth quarter of 2018
 we recorded a net benefit of $7.8 million as a measurement period adjustment to the one-time mandatory tax on previously deferred earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries
 recorded in connection with the enactment of U.S. tax reform in December 2017.  During the fourth quarter of 2017
 we recorded a net charge of $32.5 million
Certain of the business realignment and impairment charges recorded in connection with the Margin for Growth Program related to Lotte Shanghai Foods Co.
 Ltd.
 a joint venture in which we own a 50% controlling interest.  Therefore
In the fourth quarter of 2015
 we reached an agreement with the SGM selling shareholders to reduce the originally-agreed purchase price for the remaining 20% of SGM
 and we completed the purchase on February 3
 2016.  In the first quarter of 2016
 we recorded a $26.7 million gain relating to the settlement of the SGM liability
During the second quarter of 2018
We present certain percentage changes in net sales on a constant currency basis
To present this information for historical periods
 current period net sales for entities reporting in other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars at the average monthly exchange rates in effect during the comparable period of the prior fiscal year
 rather than at the actual average monthly exchange rates in effect during the current period of the current fiscal year.  As a result
December&#160;31
For the Year Ended December 31
For the Year Ended December 31
For the years ended December&#160;31
7
7
7
4
4
4
3
3
3
1
1
1
1
1
1
Interest Expense
Other (Income) Expense
1
1
177.7
 reflecting a benefit from the recent Amplify and Pirate Brands acquisitions of 3.6% and a volume increase of 1.3%
 partially offset by unfavorable price realization of 1.0% and an unfavorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates of 0.2%. Excluding the unfavorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates
 our net sales increased 3.9%.  Consolidated volumes increased due to the acquisitions of Amplify and Pirate Brands
 as well as solid performance in select international markets
 which more than offset the volume reduction resulting from the sale of SGM in July 2018.  The net increase in volume was partially offset by unfavorable net price realization
Net sales&#160;increased&#160;1.0%&#160;in&#160;2017&#160;compared with&#160;2016
 reflecting favorable price realization of 0.7%
 a benefit from acquisitions of 0.3%
 and a favorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates of 0.2%
 partially offset by a volume decrease of 0.2%. Excluding foreign currency
 our net sales increased 0.8% in 2017. The favorable net price realization was attributed to lower levels of trade promotional spending in both the North America and International and Other segments versus the prior year. Consolidated volume decreased as a result of lower sales volume in the International and Other segment
higher sales volume in North America
 specifically from 2017 innovation and new launches
 including&#160;
For the full year 2018
 our total U.S. retail takeaway
 including Amplify
 increased 0.3% in the expanded multi-outlet combined plus convenience store channels (IRI MULO + C-Stores)
 which includes candy
 mint
 gum
 salty snacks
 snack bars
 meat snacks and grocery items. Our U.S. candy
 mint and gum (CMG) consumer takeaway was in line with prior year
The CMG consumer takeaway and market share information reflect measured channels of distribution accounting for approximately 90% of our U.S. confectionery retail business. These channels of distribution primarily include food
 drug
 mass merchandisers
 and convenience store channels
 plus Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc.
 partial dollar
 club and military channels. These metrics are based on measured market scanned purchases as reported by Information Resources
 Incorporated (IRI)
 the Company's market insights and analytics provider
.  The increase was driven by higher sales volume
 higher freight and logistics costs and additional plant costs.  These drivers were partially offset by an incremental $125.1 million favorable impact from marking-to-market our commodity derivative instruments intended to economically hedge future years' commodity purchases and supply chain productivity
.  The decrease was primarily due to the higher freight and logistics costs
 unfavorable product mix
 additional plant costs related to new production lines
Cost of sales&#160;decreased&#160;4.9%&#160;in&#160;2017&#160;compared with&#160;2016. The reduction was driven by lower commodity costs coupled with an incremental $116.0 million favorable impact from marking-to-market our commodity derivative instruments intended to economically hedge future years' commodity purchases
 a $53.0 million decrease in business realignment costs
Gross margin&#160;increased&#160;by&#160;340&#160;basis points in&#160;2017&#160;compared with&#160;2016. Lower commodity costs coupled with the favorable year-over-year mark-to-market impact from commodity derivative instruments
 lower business realignment costs
 and supply chain productivity contributed to the improvement in gross margin. However
Selling
Selling
.  Total advertising and related consumer marketing expenses declined 10.9% due mainly to spend optimization and shifts relating to our emerging brands
 as well as reductions in agency and production fees.  Selling
 marketing and administrative expenses
 excluding advertising and related consumer marketing
 increased approximately 6.2% in 2018 due to incremental expenses from Amplify and Pirate Brands and higher expenses related to the multi-year implementation of our enterprise resource planning system
SM&amp;A expenses&#160;decreased&#160;$5.8 million&#160;or&#160;0.3%&#160;in&#160;2017. Advertising and related consumer marketing expense remaining consistent with 2016 levels
 as higher spending by the North America segment was offset by reduced spending by the International and Other segment. While 2017 SM&amp;A benefited from costs savings and efficiency initiatives
 lower business realignment costs
 and lower acquisition integration costs
In 2018
 to adjust the long-lived asset values within certain disposal groups
 including the SGM and Tyrrells businesses
 the Lotte Shanghai Foods Co.
 Ltd. joint venture and other assets.  These charges represent the excess of the disposal groups' carrying values
 including the related currency translation adjustment amounts realized or to be realized upon completion of the sales
 over the sales values less costs to sell for the respective businesses.  The fair values of the disposal groups were supported by the sales prices paid by third-party buyers or estimated sales prices based on marketing of the disposal group
In 2017
 in connection with the Margin for Growth Program and our initiative to optimize the manufacturing operations supporting our China business
 we tested our China long-lived asset group for impairment. Our assessment indicated that the carrying value of the asset group was not recoverable
 and as a result
 the impairment loss was allocated to the asset group's long-lived assets. We recorded long-lived asset impairment charges totaling $106.0 million to write-down distributor relationship and trademark intangible assets that had been recognized in connection with the 2014 SGM acquisition and wrote-down property
In 2016
 in connection with the annual impairment testing of indefinite lived intangible assets
 we recognized a trademark impairment charge of $4.2 million
The assessment of the valuation of goodwill and other long-lived assets is based on management estimates and assumptions
 as discussed in our critical accounting policies included in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.   These estimates and assumptions are subject to change due to changing economic and competitive conditions.  
For the years ended December&#160;31
In the first quarter 2017
 the Company's Board of Directors (Board) unanimously approved several initiatives under a single program designed to drive continued net sales
 operating income and earnings per-share diluted growth over the next several years.&#160; This program is focused on improving global efficiency and effectiveness
 optimizing the Company&#8217;s supply chain
 streamlining the Company&#8217;s operating model and reducing administrative expenses to generate long-term savings.&#160;
 to be incurred from 2017 to 2019.  The majority of the initiatives relating to the program have been executed
 with the final initiatives to be completed over approximately the next nine months.  To date
 related to the operations supporting our China business as noted below
 incremental impairment charge resulting from the sale of SGM (see Note 7).  In addition to the impairment charges
.  We expect the remaining spending on this program to be minimal in 2019
 as a result of this program
During 2018
.  These charges included employee severance
 largely relating to initiatives to improve the cost structure of our China business and to further streamline our corporate operating model
 as well as non-cash
 asset-related incremental depreciation expense as part of optimizing the global supply chain.  In addition
 we incurred other program costs
 which relate primarily to third-party charges in support of our initiative to improve global efficiency and effectiveness. During 2017
The program included an initiative to optimize the manufacturing operations supporting our China business.&#160; When the program was approved in 2017
 we deemed this to be a triggering event requiring us to test our China long-lived asset group for impairment by first determining whether the carrying value of the asset group was recovered by our current estimates of future cash flows associated with the asset group.  Because this assessment indicated that the carrying value was not recoverable
 we calculated an impairment loss as the excess of the asset group's carrying value over its fair value.  The resulting impairment loss was allocated to the asset group's long-lived assets.  Therefore
 as a result of this testing
 during the first quarter of 2017
 we recorded impairment charges totaling 
 representing the portion of the impairment loss that was allocated to property
In the second quarter of 2016
 we commenced a program (the &#8220;Operational Optimization Program&#8221;) to optimize our production and supply chain network
 platform
 including the integration of the China sales force
During 2018
 we incurred pre-tax costs totaling 
 relating primarily to third-party charges in support of our initiative to optimize our production and supply chain network.  In addition
.  During 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 including non-cash asset-related incremental depreciation costs in 2016
 employee related costs
 costs to consolidate and relocate production
In mid-2015
 we initiated a productivity initiative (the &#8220;2015 Productivity Initiative&#8221;) intended to move decision making closer to the customer and the consumer
 to enable a more enterprise-wide approach to innovation
 to more swiftly advance our knowledge agenda
 and to provide for a more efficient cost structure
 while ensuring that we effectively allocate resources to future growth areas.  Overall
The 2015 Productivity Initiative was executed throughout the third and fourth quarters of 2015
 positions
$5
 due primarily to higher gross profit
 lower impairment charges and business realignment costs
Operating profit&#160;increased&#160;4.6%&#160;in&#160;2017&#160;compared with&#160;2016&#160;due primarily to higher gross profit and slightly lower SM&amp;A expenses
Interest Expense
. The increase was due to higher levels of commercial paper issued to fund the Amplify acquisition and higher interest rates on our short-term debt
Net interest expense was&#160;$8.1 million&#160;higher&#160;in&#160;2017&#160;than in&#160;2016. The increase was due to higher levels of long-term debt outstanding and higher interest rates on commercial paper during the 2017 period
Other (Income) Expense
Other (income) expense
.  The decrease in the net expense was primarily due to lower non-service cost components of net periodic benefit cost relating to pension and other post-retirement benefit plans during 2018
Other (income) expense
 net totaled expense of $104.4 million in&#160;2017&#160;versus expense of $65.6 million in&#160;2016. In 2017 we recognized a $66.2 million write-down on equity investments qualifying for federal historic and energy tax credits
 compared to a $43.5 million write down in 2016. In 2017
 the non-service cost components of net periodic benefit cost relating to pension and other post-retirement benefit plans totaled $38.8 million compared to $49.4 million in 2016. Additionally
.  Relative to the 21% statutory rate
 the 2018 effective tax rate was impacted by a favorable foreign rate differential and investment tax credits
 which were partially offset by the impact of state taxes.&#160; The 2017 effective rate
 relative to the previous statutory rate of 35%
 benefited from a favorable foreign rate differential
 investment tax credits and the benefit of ASU 2016-09 for the accounting of employee share-based payments
Our effective income tax rate was&#160;31.9%&#160;for&#160;2017&#160;compared with&#160;34.5%&#160;for&#160;2016. Relative to the statutory rate
 the 2017 effective tax rate was impacted by a favorable foreign rate differential relating to foreign operations and cocoa procurement
 investment tax credits and the benefit of ASU 2016-09 for the accounting of employee share-based payments
 which were partially offset by the impact of U.S. tax reform and non-benefited costs resulting from the Margin for Growth Program.&#160; The 2016 effective rate benefited from the impact of non-taxable income related to the settlement of the SGM liability and investment tax credits.
 or 
 while EPS-diluted 
 or 
.  The increase in both net income and EPS-diluted was driven primarily by 2018 higher gross profit
 lower impairment charges and business realignment costs
 lower SM&amp;A
 and lower income taxes
 which were partly offset by higher interest expense
 as noted above.  Our 2018 EPS-diluted also benefited from lower weighted-average shares outstanding as a result of share repurchases
 including both current year and prior year repurchases from the Milton Hershey School Trust (the Trust)
Net income&#160;increased&#160;$62.9 million
 or&#160;8.7%
 while EPS-diluted&#160;increased&#160;$0.32
 or&#160;9.6%
 in&#160;2017&#160;compared with&#160;2016. The increase in both net income and EPS-diluted were driven by higher gross profit
 lower SM&amp;A and lower income taxes
 partly offset by the long-lived asset impairment charges and higher write-downs relating to tax credit investments
 as noted above. Our 2017 EPS-diluted also benefited from lower weighted-average shares outstanding as a result of share repurchases
The summary that follows provides a discussion of the results of operations of our two reportable segments: North America and International and Other. The segments reflect our operations on a geographic basis. For segment reporting purposes
 we use &#8220;segment income&#8221; to evaluate segment performance and allocate resources.  Segment income excludes unallocated general corporate administrative expenses
 unallocated mark-to-market gains and losses on commodity derivatives
 business realignment and impairment charges
 acquisition-related costs and other unusual gains or losses that are not part of our measurement of segment performance. These items of our operating income are largely managed centrally at the corporate level and are excluded from the measure of segment income reviewed by the CODM and used for resource allocation and internal management reporting and performance evaluation. Segment income and segment income margin
 which are presented in the segment discussion that follows
 are non-GAAP measures and do not purport to be alternatives to operating income as a measure of operating performance. We believe that these measures are useful to investors and other users of our financial information in evaluating ongoing operating profitability as well as in evaluating operating performance in relation to our competitors
 as they exclude the activities that are not directly attributable to our ongoing segment operations. For further information
Our segment results
 including a reconciliation to our consolidated results
For the years ended December&#160;31
6
6
6
7
7
7
2
2
2
2
2
2
1
1
1
Interest expense
Other (income) expense
1
1
1
Includes centrally-managed (a) corporate functional costs relating to legal
 treasury
 finance and human resources
 (b) expenses associated with the oversight and administration of our global operations
 including warehousing
 distribution and manufacturing
 information systems and global shared services
The North America segment is responsible for our chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery market position
 as well as our grocery and growing snacks market positions
 in the United States and Canada.  This includes developing and growing our business in chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery
 pantry
 food service and other snacking product lines.  North America accounted for 
 
 
 respectively.  North America results for the years ended December 31
 
For the years ended December&#160;31
6
6
6
2
2
2
 in 2018 compared to 2017
 which includes a 4.6% benefit from the Amplify and Pirate Brands acquisitions. Excluding the Amplify and Pirate Brands acquisitions
 our North America segment net sales decreased 0.4%. Net price realization declined 1.3% due to incremental trade promotional expense in support of 2018 programming
 partially offset by volume increases of 0.9% due to innovation
 in 2018 compared to 2017
 primarily due to higher trade promotional expense
 higher logistics costs
 unfavorable sales mix and additional plant costs
 as well as incremental SM&amp;A expense
 including amortization expense
 from the Amplify and Pirate Brands acquisitions. These higher expenses more than offset reductions in advertising and related consumer marketing expense
 which declined 11.2% versus the 2017 period
 with the reduction driven by spend optimization and shifts relating to our emerging brands
Net sales of our North America segment increased $88.2 million or&#160;1.3%&#160;in 2017 compared to 2016
 driven by increased volume of 0.5% due to a longer Easter season
 as well as 2017 innovation
 specifically
&#160;
&#160;Popped Snack Mix and Chocolate Dipped Pretzels. Additionally
 the&#160;barkTHINS&#160;brand acquisition contributed 0.3%. Net price realization increased by 0.4% due to decreased levels of trade promotional spending. Excluding the favorable impact of foreign currency exchange rates of 0.1%
Our North America segment income increased $3.7 million or&#160;0.2%&#160;in 2017 compared to 2016
 driven by higher gross profit
 partially offset by investments in greater levels of advertising expense and go-to-market capabilities
The International and Other segment includes all other countries where we currently manufacture
 import
 market
 sell or distribute chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery and other products.  Currently
 this includes our operations in China and other Asia markets
 Latin America
 Europe
 Africa and the Middle East
 along with exports to these regions.  While a less significant component
 this segment also includes our global retail operations
 including Hershey&#8217;s Chocolate World stores in Hershey
 Pennsylvania
 New York City
 Las Vegas
 Niagara Falls (Ontario) and Singapore
 as well as operations associated with licensing the use of certain trademarks and products to third parties around the world.  International and Other accounted for 
 
 
 respectively.  International and Other results for the years ended December 31
 
For the years ended December&#160;31
 in 2018 compared to 2017
 reflecting a 4.4% reduction in net sales from the divestiture of SGM and an unfavorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates of 1.8%
 partially offset by volume increases of 4.7% and favorable price realization of 1.0%. Excluding the sale of SGM and unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates
The volume increase was primarily attributed to solid marketplace growth in India
 Brazil and Mexico
 where constant currency net sales increased by 
 
 and 
 in 2017
 with the improvement primarily resulting from our efforts to drive sustainable gross margin improvements as we executed our Margin for Growth program and optimize the product portfolio across various international markets. Additionally
 segment income benefited from continued growth across Mexico
 Brazil
Net sales of our International and Other segment decreased $12.9 million or&#160;1.4%&#160;in 2017 compared to 2016
 reflecting volume declines of 4.7%
 partially offset by favorable price realization of 2.7% and a favorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates of 0.6%. Excluding the unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange rates
The volume decrease is primarily attributed to our China business
 driven by softness in the modern trade channel coupled with a focus on optimizing our product offerings. The favorable net price realization was driven by higher prices in select markets
 as well as reduced levels of trade promotional spending
 which declined significantly compared to the prior year. Constant currency net sales in Mexico and Brazil increased by&#160;10.8%&#160;and&#160;10.5%
 respectively
Our International and Other segment generated income of $11.5 million in 2017 compared to a loss of $29.1 million in 2016 due to benefits from reduced trade promotional spending and lower operating expenses in China as a result of our Margin for Growth Program. Additionally
Unallocated corporate expense includes centrally-managed (a) corporate functional costs relating to legal
 treasury
 finance and human resources
 (b) expenses associated with the oversight and administration of our global operations
 including warehousing
 distribution and manufacturing
 information systems and global shared services
 in 2017 primarily driven by savings from our productivity and cost savings initiatives
 partially offset by spending on the multi-year implementation of our enterprise resource planning system. In 2017
 in 2016. While we realized savings in 2017 from our productivity and cost savings initiatives
 these savings were more than offset by higher costs related to the multi-year implementation of our enterprise resource planning system
We assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate cash to fund our operating
 investing and financing activities.  Significant factors affecting liquidity include cash flows generated from operating activities
 capital expenditures
 acquisitions
 dividends
 repurchases of outstanding shares
 the adequacy of available commercial paper and bank lines of credit
 and the ability to attract long-term capital with satisfactory terms.  We generate substantial cash from operations and remain in a strong financial position
 with sufficient liquidity available for capital reinvestment
1
1
1
(1
Our principal source of liquidity is cash flow from operations.  Our net income and
 consequently
 our cash provided by operations are impacted by sales volume
 seasonal sales patterns
 timing of new product introductions
 profit margins and price changes.  Sales are typically higher during the third and fourth quarters of the year due to seasonal and holiday-related sales patterns.  Generally
 working capital needs peak during the summer months.  We meet these needs primarily with cash on hand
Net income adjusted for non-cash charges to operations (including depreciation
 amortization
 stock-based compensation
 deferred income taxes
 goodwill
 indefinite and long-lived asset charges
Incomes taxes generated cash of $76 million in 2018
 compared to a use of cash of $71 million in 2017. This $147 million fluctuation was mainly due to the variance in actual tax expense for 2018 relative to the timing of quarterly estimated tax payments
Prepaid expenses and other current assets used cash of $40 million in 2018
 compared to cash generated of $18 million in 2017.  This $58 million fluctuation was mainly driven by the timing of payments on commodity futures.  In addition
 in 2018
 the volume of commodity futures held
 which require margin deposits
Net income adjusted for non-cash charges to operations (including depreciation
 amortization
 stock-based compensation
 deferred income taxes
 goodwill
 indefinite and long-lived asset charges
 write-down of equity investments
Prepaid expenses and other current assets generated cash of $18 million in 2017
 compared to a use of cash of $43 million in 2016.  This $61 million fluctuation was mainly driven by the timing of payments on commodity futures.  In addition
 in 2017
 the volume of commodity futures held
 which require margin deposits
Working capital (comprised of trade accounts receivable
 inventory
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities) consumed cash of $131 million in 2017 and $28 million in 2016.  This $103 million fluctuation was mainly due to a higher year-over-year build up of U.S. inventories to satisfy product requirements and maintain sufficient levels to accommodate customer requirements
 coupled with a higher investment in inventory in Mexico and India
The use of cash for income taxes increased $70 million
 mainly due to the variance in actual tax expense for 2017 relative to the timing of quarterly estimated tax payments
We recorded net periodic benefit costs of $42.1 million
 $59.7 million and $72.8 million in 
 
 respectively
 relating to our benefit plans (including our defined benefit and other post retirement plans).  The main drivers of fluctuations in expense from year to year are assumptions in formulating our long-term estimates
 including discount rates used to value plan obligations
 expected returns on plan assets
The funded status of our qualified defined benefit pension plans is dependent upon many factors
 including returns on invested assets
 the level of market interest rates and the level of funding.  We contribute cash to our plans at our discretion
 subject to applicable regulations and minimum contribution requirements.  Cash contributions to our pension and post retirement plans totaled $25.9 million
 $56.4 million and $41.7 million in 
 
Our principal uses of cash for investment purposes relate to purchases of property
 plant and equipment and capitalized software
 as well as acquisitions of businesses
 partially offset by proceeds from sales of property
$1
502.9 million
 with the increase driven by two business acquisitions in 2018 compared to no business acquisition activity in 2017.  We used cash of 
.  Capital expenditures
 including capitalized software
 primarily to support capacity expansion
 innovation and cost savings
 were $328.6 million in 
.  Our 2018 expenditures were higher compared to 2017 and 2016 as a result of increased U.S. core chocolate brand capacity expansion and investments in our enterprise resource planning system implementation. We expect 2019 capital expenditures
 including capitalized software
Proceeds from sales of property
.  During 2018
 we generated $49.8 million of proceeds from the sale of property
 plant and equipment and other long-lived assets.  This included sales of select China facilities that were taken out of operation in connection with the Operational Optimization Program. Proceeds from the sale of these facilities totaled $27.5 million
 resulting in a gain of $6.6 million. Additionally
 we sold licensing rights for a non-core trademark relating to a brand marketed outside of the U.S. for $13.0 million
.  In July 2018
 we sold the Tyrrells and SGM businesses. Collectively
 the proceeds from the sales of these businesses
 net of cash divested
.  In 2018
 we spent $915 million to acquire Amplify and $423 million to acquire Pirate Brands. We had no acquisition activity in 2017.  In 2016
 we spent $285.4 million to acquire Ripple Brand Collective
 LLC.
Our cash flow from financing activities generally relates to the use of cash for purchases of our Common Stock and payment of dividends
 offset by net borrowing activity and proceeds from the exercise of stock options.  Financing activities in 
 compared to cash used of 
 primarily to fund dividend payments and share repurchases
Short-term borrowings
In addition to utilizing cash on hand
 we use short-term borrowings (commercial paper and bank borrowings) to fund seasonal working capital requirements and ongoing business needs. In 2018
 we generated cash flow of $645.8 million through the issuance of short-term commercial paper
 partially offset by a reduction in short-term foreign bank borrowings. We utilized the proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper to fund the Amplify acquisition and repay Amplify's outstanding debt owed under its existing credit agreement. A portion of the commercial paper borrowings used to fund the Amplify acquisition were subsequently refinanced with the proceeds of new notes issued during the second quarter of 2018
 as discussed below. In 2017
 we used $81.4 million to reduce commercial paper borrowings and short-term foreign borrowings. In 2016
 we generated cash flow of $275.6 million through short-term commercial paper borrowings
.  &#160;In 2018
 we issued $350 million of 2.90% Notes due in 2020
 $350 million of 3.10% Notes due in 2021 and $500 million of 3.375% Notes due in 2023. Proceeds from the issuance of the Notes
 net of discounts and issuance costs
 totaled $1
193.8 million. In 2018
 we repaid $300 million of 1.60% Notes due in 2018 upon their maturity. Additionally
 in&#160;2018
 we repaid a portion of the commercial paper borrowings that had been used to fund the Amplify acquisition.&#160;In 2017
 we had minimal incremental long-term borrowings and no repayment activity.  In 2016
 we used $500 million to repay long-term debt. Additionally
 in 2016
.&#160; In connection with the Amplify acquisition
 the Company agreed to make payments to the counterparty of a tax receivable agreement. In 2018
.  We repurchase shares of Common Stock to offset the dilutive impact of treasury shares issued under our equity compensation plans.  The value of these share repurchases in a given period varies based on the volume of stock options exercised and our market price.  In addition
 we periodically repurchase shares of Common Stock pursuant to Board-authorized programs intended to drive additional stockholder value. We used cash for total share repurchases of $247.5 million in 2018
 which included a privately negotiated repurchase transaction with Hershey Trust Company
 as trustee for the Trust
 to purchase 450 thousand shares for $47.8 million. We used cash for total share repurchases of $300.3 million in 2017
 which included a privately negotiated repurchase transaction with Hershey Trust Company
 as trustee for the Trust
 to purchase 1.5 million shares for $159.0 million. We used cash for total share repurchases of $592.6 million in 2016
 which included purchases pursuant to authorized programs of $420.2 million to purchase 4.6 million shares.  As of December 31
 2018
 approximately $60 million remained available under the $100 million share repurchase authorization approved by the Board in October 2017. In July 2018
 our Board approved an additional&#160;$500 million&#160;share repurchase authorization
 which is to commence after the existing 2017 authorization is completed and is to be utilized at management's discretion.
 $526.3 million in 
Proceeds from the exercise of stock options
We received $63.3 million from employee exercises of stock options
 net of employee taxes withheld from share-based awards in 2018 and 2017
 respectively
  In February 2016
December&#160;31
 2018
December&#160;31
 2017
December&#160;31
 was held by subsidiaries domiciled outside of the United States. The Company recognized the one-time U.S. repatriation tax due under U.S. tax reform and
 as a result
 repatriation of these amounts would not be subject to additional U.S. federal income tax but would be subject to applicable withholding taxes in the relevant jurisdiction.  Our intent is to reinvest funds earned outside of the United States to finance foreign operations and investments
 and our current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate them to fund our U.S. operations. We believe we have sufficient liquidity to satisfy our cash needs
We maintain debt levels we consider prudent based on our cash flow
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
.  Our total debt increased in 2018 mainly due to the additional Notes issued mid-year
As a source of short-term financing
December&#160;31
 2018
 the termination date of this agreement is November 2020.  We may use these funds for general corporate purposes
December&#160;31
 2018
certain financial and other covenants
 customary representations
December&#160;31
In addition to the revolving credit facility
December&#160;31
 2018
Furthermore
 we have a current shelf registration statement filed with the SEC that allows for the issuance of an indeterminate amount of debt securities.  Proceeds from the debt issuances and any other offerings under the current registration statement may be used for general corporate requirements
 including reducing existing borrowings
 financing capital additions and funding contributions to our pension plans
We believe that our existing sources of liquidity are adequate to meet anticipated funding needs at comparable risk-based interest rates for the foreseeable future.  Acquisition spending and/or share repurchases could potentially increase our debt.  Operating cash flow and access to capital markets are expected to satisfy our various cash flow requirements
We have two classes of stock outstanding &#8211; Common Stock and Class B Stock. Holders of the Common Stock and the Class B Stock generally vote together without regard to class on matters submitted to stockholders
 including the election of directors.  Holders of the Common Stock have 1 vote per share.  Holders of the Class B Stock have 10 votes per share. Holders of the Common Stock
 voting separately as a class
 are entitled to elect one-sixth of our Board.  With respect to dividend rights
Hershey Trust Company
 as trustee for the trust established by Milton S. and Catherine S. Hershey that has as its sole beneficiary Milton Hershey School
 maintains voting control over The Hershey Company.  In addition
 three representatives of Hershey Trust Company currently serve as members of the Company's Board.  In performing their responsibilities on the Company&#8217;s Board
 these representatives may from time to time exercise influence with regard to the ongoing business decisions of our Board or management.  Hershey Trust Company
 as trustee for the Trust
 in its role as controlling stockholder of the Company
 has indicated it intends to retain its controlling interest in The Hershey Company. The Company's Board
 and not the Hershey Trust Company board
Pennsylvania law requires that the Office of Attorney General be provided advance notice of any transaction that would result in Hershey Trust Company
 as trustee for the Trust
 no longer having voting control of the Company.  The law provides specific statutory authority for the Attorney General to intercede and petition the court having jurisdiction over Hershey Trust Company
 as trustee for the Trust
We do not have guarantees or other off-balance sheet financing arrangements
 including variable interest entities
December&#160;31
3
1
1
2
1
6
1
2
1
(2)  Includes the minimum rental commitments under non-cancelable operating leases primarily for offices
 retail stores
(3)  Includes the minimum rental commitments (including interest expense) under non-cancelable capital leases primarily for offices and warehouse facilities
(4)  Represents future pension payments to comply with local funding requirements. Our policy is to fund domestic pension liabilities in accordance with the minimum and maximum limits imposed by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (&#8220;ERISA&#8221;)
 federal income tax laws and the funding requirements of the Pension Protection Act of 2006.  We fund non-domestic pension liabilities in accordance with laws and regulations applicable to those plans.  For more information
December&#160;31
 2018
 nor does the table reflect cash flows we are likely to incur based on our plans
In entering into contractual obligations
 we have assumed the risk that might arise from the possible inability of counterparties to meet the terms of their contracts.  We mitigate this risk by performing financial assessments prior to contract execution
We have a number of facilities that contain varying amounts of asbestos in certain locations within the facilities.  Our asbestos management program is compliant with current applicable regulations
 which require that we handle or dispose of asbestos in a specified manner if such facilities undergo major renovations or are demolished.  We do not have sufficient information to estimate the fair value of any asset retirement obligations related to these facilities.  We cannot specify the settlement date or range of potential settlement dates and
 therefore
Management has discussed the development
 selection and disclosure of critical accounting policies and estimates with the Audit Committee of our Board.  While we base estimates and assumptions on our knowledge of current events and actions we may undertake in the future
We promote our products with advertising
 trade promotions and consumer incentives. These programs include
 but are not limited to
 discounts
 coupons
 rebates
 in-store display incentives and volume-based incentives.  We expense advertising costs and other direct marketing expenses as incurred.  We recognize the costs of trade promotion and consumer incentive activities as a reduction to net sales along with a corresponding accrued liability based on estimates at the time of revenue recognition.  These estimates are based on our analysis of the programs offered
 historical trends
 expectations regarding customer and consumer participation
 sales and payment trends and our experience with payment patterns associated with similar programs offered in the past.  The estimated costs of these programs are reasonably likely to change in future periods due to changes in trends with regard to customer and consumer participation
 particularly for new programs and for programs related to the introduction of new products.  Differences between estimated expense and actual program performance are recognized as a change in estimate in a subsequent period and are normally not significant.  During 
 
 and 
 actual annual promotional costs have not deviated from the estimated amount by more than 3%.   Our trade promotion and consumer incentive accrued liabilities totaled $171.4 million and $173.7 million at December 31
 2018 and 2017
We sponsor various defined benefit pension plans. The primary plans are The Hershey Company Retirement Plan and The Hershey Company Retirement Plan for Hourly Employees
 which are cash balance plans that provide pension benefits for most U.S. employees hired prior to January 1
 2007. We also sponsor two primary other post-employment benefit (&#8220;OPEB&#8221;) plans
 consisting of a health care plan and life insurance plan for retirees. The health care plan is contributory
 with participants&#8217; contributions adjusted annually
For accounting purposes
 the defined benefit pension and OPEB plans require assumptions to estimate the projected and accumulated benefit obligations
 including the following variables: discount rate; expected salary increases; certain employee-related factors
 such as turnover
 retirement age and mortality; expected return on assets; and health care cost trend rates. These and other assumptions affect the annual expense and obligations recognized for the underlying plans. Our assumptions reflect our historical experiences and management's best judgment regarding future expectations.  Our related accounting policies
Changes in certain assumptions could significantly affect pension expense and benefit obligations
.  The expected long-term rate of return is evaluated on an annual basis. We consider a number of factors when setting assumptions with respect to the long-term rate of return
 including current and expected asset allocation and historical and expected returns on the plan asset categories.  Actual asset allocations are regularly reviewed and periodically rebalanced to the targeted allocations when considered appropriate.  Investment gains or losses represent the difference between the expected return estimated using the long-term rate of return and the actual return realized.   For 
December&#160;31
As of December 31
 2018
 our primary plans had cumulative unrecognized investment and actuarial losses of approximately $348 million.  We amortize the unrecognized net actuarial gains and losses in excess of the corridor amount
 which is the greater of 10% of a respective plan&#8217;s projected benefit obligation or the fair market value of plan assets.  These unrecognized net losses may increase future pension expense if not offset by (i) actual investment returns that exceed the expected long-term rate of investment returns
 (ii) other factors
. Prior to December 31
 2017
 the service and interest cost components of net periodic benefit cost were determined utilizing a single weighted-average discount rate derived from the yield curve used to measure the plan obligations.  Beginning in 2018
 we elected to utilize a full yield curve approach in the estimation of service and interest costs by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in the determination of the benefit obligation to the relevant projected cash flows.  We made this change to provide a more precise measurement of service and interest costs by improving the correlation between the projected cash flows to the corresponding spot rates along the yield curve.  This change does not affect the measurement of our pension and other post-retirement benefit liabilities but generally results in lower benefit expense in periods when the yield curve is upward sloping
 which was the case in 2018.  We accounted for this change as a change in accounting estimate and
 accordingly
A 100 basis point decrease (increase) in the weighted-average pension discount rate would increase (decrease) annual net periodic pension benefit expense by approximately $5 million and the December 31
 2018 pension liability would increase by approximately $87 million or decrease by approximately $75 million
Pension expense for defined benefit pension plans is expected to be approximately $30 million in 2019.  Pension expense beyond 2019 will depend on future investment performance
 our contributions to the pension trusts
Changes in significant assumptions could affect consolidated expense and benefit obligations
. The determination of the discount rate used to calculate the benefit obligations of the OPEB plans is discussed in the pension plans section above.  A 100 basis point decrease (increase) in the discount rate assumption for these plans would not be material to the OPEB plans' consolidated expense and the December 31
 2018 benefit liability would increase by approximately $22 million or decrease by approximately $19 million
. The healthcare cost trend rate is based on a combination of inputs including our recent claims history and insights from external advisers regarding recent developments in the healthcare marketplace
Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized
We test goodwill for impairment by performing either a qualitative or quantitative assessment.  If we choose to perform a qualitative assessment
 we evaluate economic
 industry and company-specific factors in assessing the fair value of the related reporting unit.  If we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value
 a quantitative test is then performed.  Otherwise
 no further testing is required.  For those reporting units tested using a quantitative approach
 we compare the fair value of each reporting unit with the carrying amount of the reporting unit
 including goodwill.  If the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying amount of the reporting unit
 impairment is indicated
We determine the fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets using an income approach.  Under the income approach
 we calculate the fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets based on the present value of estimated future cash flows.  Considerable management judgment is necessary to evaluate the impact of operating and macroeconomic changes and to estimate the future cash flows used to measure fair value.  Our estimates of future cash flows consider past performance
 current and anticipated market conditions and internal projections and operating plans which incorporate estimates for sales growth and profitability
 and cash flows associated with taxes and capital spending.  Additional assumptions include forecasted growth rates
 estimated discount rates
 which may be risk-adjusted for the operating market of the reporting unit
We also have intangible assets
 consisting primarily of certain trademarks
 customer-related intangible assets and patents obtained through business acquisitions
 that are expected to have determinable useful lives.  The costs of finite-lived intangible assets are amortized to expense over their estimated lives.  Our estimates of the useful lives of finite-lived intangible assets consider judgments regarding the future effects of obsolescence
 demand
 competition and other economic factors.  We conduct impairment tests when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these finite-lived assets may not be recoverable.  Undiscounted cash flow analyses are used to determine if an impairment exists.  If an impairment is determined to exist
December&#160;31
 2018
 the net book value of our goodwill totaled $1
801.1 million and related to four reporting units. Based on our most recent quantitative testing
 all of our reporting units had a percentage of excess fair value over carrying value of 100% or more.  Therefore
 as it relates to our 2018 annual testing performed at the beginning of the fourth quarter
In February 2017
 we commenced the Margin for Growth Program which includes an initiative to optimize the manufacturing operations supporting our China business.&#160; We deemed this to be a triggering event requiring us to test our China long-lived asset group for impairment by first determining whether the carrying value of the asset group was recovered by our current estimates of future cash flows associated with the asset group.  Because this assessment indicated that the carrying value was not recoverable
 we calculated an impairment loss as the excess of the asset group's carrying value over its fair value.  The resulting impairment loss was allocated to the asset group's long-lived assets.  Therefore
 as a result of this testing
 during the first quarter of 2017
In 2016
 in connection with our annual impairment testing of indefinite lived intangible assets
 we recognized a trademark impairment charge of $4.2 million
We base our deferred income taxes
 accrued income taxes and provision for income taxes upon income
 statutory tax rates
 the legal structure of our Company
 interpretation of tax laws and tax planning opportunities available to us in the various jurisdictions in which we operate.  We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign jurisdictions.  We are regularly audited by federal
 state and foreign tax authorities
 but a number of years may elapse before an uncertain tax position
 for which we have unrecognized tax benefits
 is audited and finally resolved.  From time to time
We apply a more-likely-than-not threshold to the recognition and derecognition of uncertain tax positions.  Accordingly
 we recognize the amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being ultimately realized upon settlement.  Future changes in judgments and estimates related to the expected ultimate resolution of uncertain tax positions will affect income in the quarter of such change.  While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular uncertain tax position
 we believe that our unrecognized tax benefits reflect the most likely outcome.  Accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are included in income tax expense.  We adjust these unrecognized tax benefits
 as well as the related interest
 in light of changing facts and circumstances
We believe it is more likely than not that the results of future operations will generate sufficient taxable income to realize the deferred tax assets
We use certain derivative instruments to manage our interest rate
We enter into interest rate swap agreements and foreign currency forward exchange contracts for periods consistent with related underlying exposures.  We enter into commodities futures and options contracts and other derivative instruments for varying periods.  These commodity derivative instruments are intended to be
 and are effective as
 economic hedges of market price risks associated with anticipated raw material purchases
In entering into these contracts
 we have assumed the risk that might arise from the possible inability of counterparties to meet the terms of their contracts. We mitigate this risk by entering into exchange-traded contracts with collateral posting requirements and/or by performing financial assessments prior to contract execution
December&#160;31
 was $350 million. The notional amount relates to fixed-to-floating interest rate swaps which convert a comparable amount of fixed-rate debt to variable rate debt at&#160;December 31
 2018 and 2017.  A hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates applied to this now variable-rate debt as of December 31
 2018 would have increased interest expense by approximately $3.5 million for the full year 2018 and 2017
We consider our current risk related to market fluctuations in interest rates on our remaining debt portfolio
 excluding fixed-rate debt converted to variable rates with fixed-to-floating instruments
 to be minimal since this debt is largely long-term and fixed-rate in nature.  Generally
and decrease as interest rates rise.  A 100 basis point increase in market interest rates would decrease the fair value of our fixed-rate long-term debt at December 31
 2018 and December 31
 2017 by approximately $121 million and $134 million
 respectively.  However
 since we currently have no plans to repurchase our outstanding fixed-rate instruments before their maturities
In order to manage interest rate exposure
 in previous years we utilized interest rate swap agreements to protect against unfavorable interest rate changes relating to forecasted debt transactions. These swaps
 which were settled upon issuance of the related debt
 were designated as cash flow hedges and the gains and losses that were deferred in other comprehensive income are being recognized as an adjustment to interest expense over the same period that the hedged interest payments affect earnings. During 2016
 we had one interest rate swap agreement in a cash flow hedging relationship with a notional amount of $500 million
 which was settled in connection with the issuance of debt in August 2016
We are exposed to currency fluctuations related to manufacturing or selling products in currencies other than the U.S. dollar.  We may enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts to reduce fluctuations in our long or short currency positions relating primarily to purchase commitments or forecasted purchases for equipment
December&#160;31
The fair value of foreign currency forward exchange contracts represents the difference between the contracted and current market foreign currency exchange rates at the end of the period.  We estimate the fair value of foreign currency forward exchange contracts on a quarterly basis by obtaining market quotes of spot and forward rates for contracts with similar terms
December&#160;31
 2018
 the net fair value of these instruments was an asset of $2.5 million and a liability of $1.0 million
 respectively.  Assuming an unfavorable 10% change in year-end foreign currency exchange rates
 the fair value of these instruments would have declined by $4.5 million and $19.7 million
Our most significant raw material requirements include cocoa products
 sugar
 dairy products
We use futures and options contracts and other commodity derivative instruments in combination with forward purchasing of cocoa products
 sugar
 corn sweeteners
 natural gas and certain dairy products primarily to reduce the risk of future price increases and provide visibility to future costs.  Currently
 active futures contracts are not available for use in pricing our other major raw material requirements
 primarily peanuts and almonds.  We attempt to minimize the effect of future price fluctuations related to the purchase of raw materials by using forward purchasing to cover future manufacturing requirements generally for 3 to 24 months.  However
 dairy futures liquidity is not as developed as many of the other commodities futures markets and
 therefore
 it can be difficult to hedge our costs for dairy products by entering into futures contracts or other derivative instruments to extend coverage for long periods of time.  We use diesel swap futures contracts to minimize price fluctuations associated with our transportation costs.  Our commodity procurement practices are intended to reduce the risk of future price increases and provide visibility to future costs
During 2018
 average cocoa futures contract prices increased compared with 2017 and traded in a range between $0.88 and $1.23 per pound
 based on the Intercontinental Exchange futures contract. Cocoa production was higher during the 2017 to 2018 crop year and slightly outpaced the increase in global demand
 which led to a small rebuild in global cocoa stocks over the past year. At the beginning of the year
Our costs for cocoa products will not necessarily reflect market price fluctuations because of our forward purchasing and hedging practices
 premiums and discounts reflective of varying delivery times
 and supply and demand for our specific varieties and grades of cocoa liquor
 cocoa butter and cocoa powder.  As a result
During 2018
 prices for fluid dairy milk ranged from a low of $0.13 per pound to a high of $0.15 per pound
 on a Class IV milk basis.  Fluid dairy milk prices were lower than 2017
The price of sugar is subject to price supports under U.S. farm legislation.  Such legislation establishes import quotas and duties to support the price of sugar.  As a result
Peanut prices in the United States ranged from a from a low of $0.45 per pound to a high of $0.50 per pound.  Lower planted acreage and unfavorable weather conditions during harvest in the key U.S. peanut growing regions resulted in an estimated 26% smaller crop versus the 2017 crop.  Almond prices began the year at $2.89 per pound and closed the year at $2.98 per pound
We make or receive cash transfers to or from commodity futures brokers on a daily basis reflecting changes in the value of futures contracts on the Intercontinental Exchange or various other exchanges.  These changes in value represent unrealized gains and losses.  The cash transfers offset higher or lower cash requirements for the payment of future invoice prices of raw materials
Our open commodity derivative contracts had a notional value of $693.5 million as of December 31
 2018 and $405.3 million as of December 31
 2017.  At the end of 2018
 the potential change in fair value of commodity derivative instruments
 assuming a 10% decrease in the underlying commodity price
 would have increased our net unrealized losses in 2018 by $71.6 million
Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31
 2018
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31
 2018
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31
 2018
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&#8217; Equity for the years ended December 31
 2018
The Hershey Company is responsible for the financial statements and other financial information contained in this report.  We believe that the financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles appropriate under the circumstances to reflect in all material respects the substance of applicable events and transactions. In preparing the financial statements
 financial statements have been audited by Ernst &amp; Young LLP
 financial statements have been audited by KPMG LLP
 an independent registered public accounting firm. Ernst &amp; Young LLP's reports on our financial statements and internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31
The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company
 consisting solely of independent
 non-management directors
 meets regularly with the independent auditors
 internal auditors and management to discuss
 among other things
 the audit scope and results. Ernst &amp; Young LLP and the internal auditors both have full and free access to the Audit Committee
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The Hershey Company (the Company) as of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the related consolidated statements of income
 comprehensive income
 cash flows
 and stockholders' equity for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the &#8220;consolidated financial statements&#8221;). In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company at December 31
 2018 and 2017
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
We also have audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
 the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2018
 based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework)
February&#160;22
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
Philadelphia
February&#160;22
We have audited The Hershey Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2018
 based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion
 The Hershey Company (the Company) maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2018
As indicated in the accompanying Management&#8217;s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
 management&#8217;s assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of Amplify Snack Brands
 Inc. or Pirate Brands (collectively
 &#8220;the Acquired Companies&#8221;) which are included in the 2018 consolidated financial statements of the Company and constituted 28.2% of total assets as of December 31
We also have audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
 the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the related consolidated statements of income
 comprehensive income
 cash flows
 and stockholders' equity for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
February&#160;22
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk
A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
Philadelphia
February&#160;22
We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of income
 comprehensive income
 cash flows and stockholders&#8217; equity of The Hershey Company and subsidiaries (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) for the year ended December&#160;31
 2016. In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements
 we also have audited the related consolidated financial statement schedule for the year ended December 31
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the results of operations and the cash flows of The Hershey Company and subsidiaries for the year ended December&#160;31
 2016
 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion
 the related consolidated financial statement schedule for the year ended December 31
 2016
 when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole
 presents fairly
 in all material respects
New York
February 21
 2017
 except for the classification adjustments to the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows related to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update 2016-09
&#160;Compensation --Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting
&#160;described in Note 1
 as to which the date is February 27
 2018 and the classification adjustments related to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update 2017-07
Compensation-Retirement Benefits (Topic 715)
described in Note 1
 as to which the date is May 25
(in thousands
For the years ended December&#160;31
7
791
7
515
7
440
4
215
4
060
4
270
3
575
3
455
3
169
Selling
1
874
1
885
1
891
57
208
4
19
47
18
1
623
1
313
1
255
Interest expense
138
98
90
Other (income) expense
74
104
65
1
410
1
110
1
099
239
354
379
1
171
756
720
6
26
1
177
782
720
For the years ended December&#160;31
1
171
756
720
Other comprehensive income (loss)
31
31
19
19
13
13
25
25
39
10
29
28
10
17
20
7
12
36
36
40
9
30
46
26
19
56
21
34
5
5
4
4
52
18
34
11
11
5
2
2
14
3
10
16
7
8
Total other comprehensive income (loss)
6
50
44
104
41
62
5
3
8
1
126
819
711
7
25
3
1
134
845
715
(in thousands
December&#160;31
587
380
Accounts receivable&#8212;trade
594
588
784
752
272
280
2
239
2
001
Property
 plant and equipment
2
130
2
106
1
801
821
1
278
369
252
251
1
3
7
703
5
553
502
523
679
676
33
17
1
197
559
5
300
2
418
2
076
3
254
2
061
446
438
176
45
6
295
4
622
Preferred stock
Common stock
 shares issued: 299
287
967 in 2018 and 299
281
299
299
Class B common stock
 shares issued: 60
613
777 in 2018 and 60
619
60
60
982
924
7
032
6
371
Treasury&#8212;common stock shares
 at cost: 150
172
840 in 2018 and 149
040
6
618
6
426
356
313
1
398
915
8
16
1
407
931
7
703
5
553
For the years ended December 31
1
171
756
720
295
261
301
49
51
54
36
18
38
57
208
4
50
66
43
26
37
77
51
Changes in assets and liabilities
Accounts receivable&#8212;trade
8
6
21
12
71
13
39
18
42
100
52
63
75
71
25
56
41
2
49
16
1
599
1
249
1
013
328
257
269
Proceeds from sales of property
49
7
3
Proceeds from sales of businesses
167
52
78
44
Business acquisitions
1
338
285
1
502
328
595
645
81
275
1
199
792
910
500
72
35
562
526
499
247
300
592
63
63
94
116
843
464
5
6
3
207
83
49
Cash and cash equivalents
380
296
346
Cash and cash equivalents
587
380
296
132
101
90
118
351
425
Balance
 January 1
299
60
783
5
897
5
672
371
49
1
047
720
720
4
3
8
Common Stock
369
369
Class B Common Stock
132
132
54
54
31
80
112
592
592
3
3
Balance
 December 31
299
60
869
6
115
6
183
375
41
827
782
26
756
62
62
Common Stock
387
387
Class B Common Stock
140
140
49
49
5
57
63
300
300
Balance
 December 31
299
60
924
6
371
6
426
313
16
931
1
177
6
1
171
4
1
3
Common Stock
412
412
Class B Common Stock
151
151
49
49
7
55
63
247
247
47
47
Balance
 December 31
299
60
982
7
032
6
618
356
8
1
407
(amounts in thousands
The Hershey Company together with its wholly-owned subsidiaries and entities in which it has a controlling interest
 (the &#8220;Company
&#8221; &#8220;Hershey
&#8221; &#8220;we&#8221; or &#8220;us&#8221;) is a global confectionery leader known for its branded portfolio of chocolate
 sweets
Hershey&#8217;s
 Reese&#8217;s
 Kisses
Ice Breakers
 which are marketed
 countries worldwide.  Hershey's structure is designed to ensure continued focus on North America
 reportable segments that are aligned with its management structure and the key markets it serves:  North America and International and Other.  For additional information on our segment presentation
Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of The Hershey Company and its majority-owned or controlled subsidiaries.  Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated.  We have a controlling financial interest if we own a majority of the outstanding voting common stock and minority shareholders do not have substantive participating rights
 we have significant control through contractual or economic interests in which we are the primary beneficiary or we have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance.  Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests in 2016 was not considered significant and was recorded within selling
 marketing and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income.  See Note 13 for additional information on our noncontrolling interest.  We use the equity method of accounting when we have a 20% to 50% interest in other companies and exercise significant influence.  In addition
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying disclosures.  Our significant estimates and assumptions include
 among others
 pension and other post-retirement benefit plan assumptions
 valuation assumptions of goodwill and other intangible assets
 useful lives of long-lived assets
 marketing and trade promotion accruals and income taxes.  These estimates and assumptions are based on management&#8217;s best judgment.  Management evaluates its estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis using historical experience and other factors
 including the current economic environment
 and the effects of any revisions are reflected in the consolidated financial statements in the period that they are determined.  As future events and their effects cannot be determined with precision
The majority of our revenue contracts represent a single performance obligation related to the fulfillment of customer orders for the purchase of our products
 including chocolate
 sweets
 mints and other grocery and snack offerings.  Net sales reflect the transaction prices for these contracts based on our selling list price which is then reduced by estimated costs for trade promotional programs
 consumer incentives
 and allowances and discounts associated with aged or potentially unsaleable products.  We recognize revenue at the point in time that control of the ordered product(s) is transferred to the customer
Our trade promotional programs and consumer incentives are used to promote our products and include
 but are not limited to
 discounts
 coupons
 rebates
 in-store display incentives
(amounts in thousands
associated with these programs and incentives are based upon our analysis of the programs offered
 expectations regarding customer and consumer participation
 historical sales and payment trends
 and our experience with payment patterns associated with similar programs offered in the past.  The estimated costs of these programs are reasonably likely to change in future periods due to changes in trends with regard to customer and consumer participation
 particularly for new programs and for programs related to the introduction of new products.  Differences between estimated expense and actual program performance are recognized as a change in estimate in a subsequent period and are normally not significant. During 2018
 2017 and 2016
171
173
 at December 31
 2018 and 2017
We also recognize a minor amount of royalty income (less than 1% of our consolidated net sales) from sales-based licensing arrangements
 pursuant to which revenue is recognized as the third-party licensee sales occur.  Shipping and handling costs incurred to deliver product to the customer are recorded within cost of sales.  Sales
 value add
The majority of our products are confectionery or confectionery-based and
 therefore
 exhibit similar economic characteristics
 as they are based on similar ingredients and are marketed and sold through the same channels to the same customers.  In connection with our recent acquisitions
 we have expanded our portfolio of snacking products
 which also exhibit similar economic characteristics to our confectionery products and are sold through the same channels to the same customers.  See Note 12 for revenues reported by geographic segment
 which is consistent with how we organize and manage our operations
 as well as product line net sales information.
 
 approximately 
 
 respectively
 of our consolidated net sales were made to McLane Company
 Inc.
 one of the largest wholesale distributors in the United States to convenience stores
 drug stores
 wholesale clubs and mass merchandisers and the primary distributor of our products to Wal-Mart Stores
Cost of sales represents costs directly related to the manufacture and distribution of our products.  Primary costs include raw materials
 packaging
 direct labor
 overhead
 shipping and handling
 warehousing and the depreciation of manufacturing
 warehousing and distribution facilities.  Manufacturing overhead and related expenses include salaries
 wages
 employee benefits
 utilities
Selling
Selling
 marketing and administrative expense (&#8220;SM&amp;A&#8221;) represents costs incurred in generating revenues and in managing our business.  Such costs include advertising and other marketing expenses
 selling expenses
 research and development costs
 administrative and other indirect overhead costs
Research and development costs
 charged to expense as incurred
38
521
45
47
479
908
541
521
December&#160;31
 2018
Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid debt instruments
Short-term investments consist of bank term deposits that have original maturity dates ranging from greater than three months to twelve months.  Short-term investments are carried at cost
(amounts in thousands
In the normal course of business
 we extend credit to customers that satisfy pre-defined credit criteria
 based upon the results of our recurring financial account reviews and our evaluation of current and projected economic conditions.  Our primary concentrations of credit risk are associated with McLane Company
 Inc. and Target Corporation
December&#160;31
 2018
 McLane Company
24
41
December&#160;31
 2018
Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market value
 adjusted for the value of inventory that is estimated to be excess
December&#160;31
 2018
 of our inventories
 representing the majority of our U.S. inventories
 were valued under the last-in
 first-out (&#8220;LIFO&#8221;) method.  The remainder of our inventories in the U.S. and inventories for our international businesses were valued at the lower of first-in
466
December&#160;31
443
December&#160;31
.  The adjustment to LIFO
 as shown in Note 17
 approximates the excess of replacement cost over the stated LIFO inventory value.  The net impact of LIFO acquisitions and liquidations was not material to 
Property
Property
 plant and equipment is stated at cost and depreciated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2017
 property
110
116
843
December&#160;31
 2018
231
012
211
231
735
 respectively
We review long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable.  We measure the recoverability of assets to be held and used by a comparison of the carrying amount of long-lived assets to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated.  If these assets are considered to be impaired
We capitalize costs associated with software developed or obtained for internal use when both the preliminary project stage is completed and it is probable the software being developed will be completed and placed in service. Capitalized costs include only (i)&#160;external direct costs of materials and services consumed in developing or obtaining internal-use software
 (ii)&#160;payroll and other related costs for employees who are directly associated with and who devote time to the internal-use software project and (iii)&#160;interest costs incurred
 when material
126
104
December&#160;31
 2018
 respectively.  We amortize software costs using the straight-line method over the expected life of the software
316
296
(amounts in thousands
December&#160;31
 2018
Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized
 but are evaluated for impairment annually or more often if indicators of a potential impairment are present.  Our annual impairment tests are conducted at the beginning of the fourth quarter.  We test goodwill for impairment by performing either a qualitative or quantitative assessment.  If we choose to perform a qualitative assessment
 we evaluate economic
 industry and company-specific factors in assessing the fair value of the related reporting unit.  If we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value
 a quantitative test is then performed.  Otherwise
 no further testing is required.  For those reporting units tested using a quantitative approach
 we compare the fair value of each reporting unit with the carrying amount of the reporting unit
 including goodwill.  If the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying amount of the reporting unit
 impairment is indicated
We determine the fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets using an income approach.  Under the income approach
 we calculate the fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets based on the present value of estimated future cash flows.  Considerable management judgment is necessary to evaluate the impact of operating and macroeconomic changes and to estimate the future cash flows used to measure fair value.  Our estimates of future cash flows consider past performance
 current and anticipated market conditions and internal projections and operating plans which incorporate estimates for sales growth and profitability
 and cash flows associated with taxes and capital spending.  Additional assumptions include forecasted growth rates
 estimated discount rates
 which may be risk-adjusted for the operating market of the reporting unit
The cost of intangible assets with finite useful lives is amortized on a straight-line basis.  Our finite-lived intangible assets consist primarily of certain trademarks
 years
 which is primarily driven by recently acquired trademarks.  If certain events or changes in operating conditions indicate that the carrying value of these assets
 or related asset groups
 may not be recoverable
The financial statements of our foreign entities with functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars
 with the resulting translation adjustments recorded as a component of other comprehensive income (loss).   Assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars using the exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date
We use derivative instruments principally to offset exposure to market risks arising from changes in commodity prices
Derivative instruments are recognized on the balance sheet at their fair values.  When we become party to a derivative instrument and intend to apply hedge accounting
 we designate the instrument for financial reporting purposes as a cash flow or fair value hedge.  The accounting for changes in fair value (gains or losses) of a derivative instrument depends on whether we have designated it and it qualified as part of a hedging relationship
(amounts in thousands
Changes in the fair value of a derivative that is designated as a fair value hedge
 along with the offsetting loss or gain on the hedged asset or liability that is attributable to the risk being hedged
 are recorded in earnings
Changes in the fair value of a derivative not designated as a hedging instrument are recognized in earnings in cost of sales or SM&amp;A
For derivatives designated as hedges
 we assess
 both at the hedge's inception and on an ongoing basis
 whether they are highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of hedged items.  The ineffective portion
 if any
 is recorded directly in earnings. In addition
 if we determine that a derivative is not highly effective as a hedge or that it has ceased to be a highly effective hedge
Cash flows related to the derivative instruments we use to manage interest
In February 2018
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2018-02
.  This ASU permits a company to reclassify the income tax effects of the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (&#8220;U.S. tax reform&#8221;) on items within AOCI to retained earnings. We adopted the provisions of this ASU in the first quarter of 2018.  We elected to reclassify the income tax effects of U.S. tax reform from items in AOCI as of January 1
47
In March 2017
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-07
. This ASU requires an employer to report the service cost component of net benefit cost in the same line item as other compensation costs arising from services rendered by the pertinent employees during the period.  The other components of net benefit cost are required to be presented in the income statement separately from the service cost component and outside a subtotal of income from operations
 if presented
 or disclosed separately. In addition
 only the service cost component may be eligible for capitalization where applicable.  The amendments should be applied on a retrospective basis.  We adopted the provisions of this ASU in the first quarter of 2018

 the following amounts were reclassified for the the years ended December 31
10
11
Selling
27
24
13
Reclassified to Other (income) expense
38
49
(amounts in thousands
In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
(ASC Topic 606)
 which replaces numerous requirements in U.S. GAAP
 including industry-specific requirements
 and provides companies with a single revenue recognition model for recognizing revenue from contracts with customers.  On January 1
 2018
 we adopted the requirements of ASC Topic 606 and the amendments related thereto and applied the new requirements to all of our contracts using the modified retrospective method.  Upon completing our implementation assessment of ASC Topic 606
In October 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-16
In March 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09
.  We adopted the provisions of this ASU in the first quarter of 2017.  This update principally affects the recognition of excess tax benefits and deficiencies and the cash flow classification of share-based compensation-related transactions.  These classification requirements were adopted retrospectively to the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. As a result
December&#160;31
 2017
24
24
December&#160;31
 2016
29
29
In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
. This ASU will require lessees to recognize most leases on their balance sheets as lease liabilities with corresponding right-of-use (&#8220;ROU&#8221;) assets.&#160; Recognition
 measurement and presentation of expenses will depend on classification as a finance or operating lease.&#160; The Company adopted the standard as of January 1
 2019
 using a modified retrospective approach and applying the standard&#8217;s transition provisions at January 1
 2019
We elected the package of practical expedients permitted under the transition guidance
 which among other things
 allows us to carryforward the historical lease classification.&#160; In addition
We have implemented new controls and processes
 as well as new software functionality
230
220
000
 respectively
 with the difference largely due to prepaid and deferred rent that will be reclassified to the ROU asset value. In addition
 we expect to derecognize a build-to-suit arrangement in accordance with the transition requirements
7
In August 2017
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-12
 
 which amends ASC 815. The purpose of this ASU is to better align accounting rules with a company&#8217;s risk management activities and financial reporting for hedging relationships
 better reflect economic results of hedging in financial statements
 simplify hedge accounting requirements and improve the disclosures of hedging arrangements. The amendment should be applied using the modified retrospective transition method. ASU 2017-12 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018 and interim periods within those annual periods
(amounts in thousands
In June 2018
 the FASB issued&#160;ASU&#160;No. 2018-07
Compensation &#8211; Stock Compensation (Topic 718)
&#160;This ASU is intended to simplify aspects of share-based compensation issued to non-employees by making the guidance consistent with accounting for employee share-based compensation. ASU 2018-07 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018 and interim periods within those annual periods
In August 2018
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-13
Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820)
. This ASU modifies the disclosure requirements for fair value measurements by removing
 modifying or adding certain disclosures. ASU 2018-13 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2019 and interim periods within those annual periods
 with early adoption permitted. The amendments on changes in unrealized gains and losses
 the range and weighted average of significant unobservable inputs used to develop Level 3 fair value measurements
In August 2018
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-14
 
 which modifies the disclosure requirements for defined benefit pension plans and other post-retirement plans. ASU 2018-14 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2020
In August 2018
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-15
Intangibles-Goodwill and Other-Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40)
. This ASU aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software (and hosting arrangements that include an internal-use software license). ASU 2018-15 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2019 and interim periods within those annual periods
Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for as purchases and
 accordingly
In conjunction with acquisitions noted below
 we used various valuation techniques to determine fair value of the assets acquired
 with the primary techniques being discounted cash flow analysis
 relief-from-royalty
 and a form of the multi-period excess earnings valuation approaches
 which use significant unobservable inputs
 or Level 3 inputs
 as defined by the fair value hierarchy.  Under these valuation approaches
 we are required to make estimates and assumptions about sales
 operating margins
 growth rates
 royalty rates and discount rates based on budgets
 business plans
 economic projections
(amounts in thousands
On October 17
 2018
 we completed the acquisition of Pirate Brands
 which includes the 
 brands
 from B&amp;G Foods
 Inc. Pirate Brands offers baked
90
423
The acquisition has been accounted for as a purchase and
 accordingly
4
Plant
 property and equipment
129
289
1
423
272
17
Amplify Snack Brands
On January 31
 2018
 we completed the acquisition of all of the outstanding shares of Amplify Snack Brands
 Inc. (&#8220;Amplify&#8221;)
 previously a publicly traded company based in Austin
 Texas that owns several popular better-for-you&#160;snack brands such as 
. Amplify's anchor brand
 
968
907
)
 as well as payment of Amplify's transaction related expenses
 including accelerated equity compensation
(amounts in thousands
The acquisition has been accounted for as a purchase and
 accordingly

53
324
41
35
Plant
 property and equipment
71
939
682
1
32
109
610
2
93
5
915
In connection with the acquisition
 the Company agreed to pay in full all outstanding debt owed by Amplify under its existing credit agreement as of January 31
 2018
During 2018
27
001
Goodwill was determined as the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired (including the identifiable intangible assets) and is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes.  The goodwill that resulted from the acquisition is attributable primarily to cost-reduction synergies as Amplify leverages Hershey's resources
648
34
20
 related to the acquisition of Amplify
 the majority of which were incurred during the first quarter of 2018.  Acquisition-related costs consisted primarily of legal fees
 consultant fees
 valuation fees and other deal costs and are recorded in the selling
(amounts in thousands
Ripple Brand Collective
April&#160;26
 2016
 we completed the acquisition of all of the outstanding shares of Ripple Brand Collective
 LLC
 brand is largely sold in the United States in take-home resealable packages and is available in the club channel
128
91
60
Other assets
 primarily current assets
12
7
285
Goodwill was calculated as the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired.  The goodwill resulting from the acquisition is attributable primarily to the value of leveraging our brand building expertise
 consumer insights
 supply chain capabilities and retail relationships to accelerate growth and access to 
 while other intangibles
 including customer relationships and covenants not to compete
 years. The recorded goodwill
In September 2014
 of the outstanding shares of Shanghai Golden Monkey Food Joint Stock Co.
 Ltd. (&#8220;SGM&#8221;)
 a confectionery company based in Shanghai
 China
 whose product line is primarily sold through traditional trade channels.  The acquisition was undertaken in order to leverage these traditional trade channels
On February 3
 2016
35
762
 pursuant to a new agreement entered into during the fourth quarter of 2015 with the selling SGM shareholders which revised the originally-agreed purchase price for these shares.  For accounting purposes
 of the outstanding shares.  Therefore
26
 of the outstanding shares.  This gain is recorded within non-operating other (income) expense
In July 2018
(amounts in thousands
December&#160;31
797
377
1
174
4
357
362
Balance at January 1
792
20
812
7
8
Balance at December 31
799
21
821
1
069
1
069
27
27
98
98
15
2
17
Balance at December 31
1
782
18
1
801
 goodwill impairment charges in 2018
December 31
1
173
60
277
37
163
33
128
34
16
15
17
15
1
353
110
422
88
34
34
1
278
369
As discussed in Note 8
 in February 2017
 we commenced the Margin for Growth Program which included an initiative to optimize the manufacturing operations supporting our China business.&#160; We deemed this to be a triggering event requiring us to test our China long-lived asset group for impairment by first determining whether the carrying value of the asset group was recovered by our current estimates of future cash flows associated with the asset group.  Because this assessment indicated that the carrying value was not recoverable
 we calculated an impairment loss as the excess of the asset group's carrying value over its fair value.  The resulting impairment loss was allocated to the asset group's long-lived assets.  Therefore
 as a result of this testing
 during the first quarter of 2017
105
In connection with our annual impairment testing of indefinite lived intangible assets for 2016
4
204
(amounts in thousands
December&#160;31
 2018
38
555
23
26
687
Amortization expense for the next five years
 based on current intangible asset balances
Year ending December 31
44
43
43
43
43
As a source of short-term financing
 unsecured revolving credit facility
 to 1.0 at the end of each fiscal quarter.  The credit agreement also contains customary representations
 warranties and events of default.  Payment of outstanding advances may be accelerated
 at the option of the lenders
December&#160;31
 2018
In addition to the revolving credit facility
386
December&#160;31
440
December&#160;31
.  These lines permit us to borrow at the respective banks&#8217; prime commercial interest rates
113
December&#160;31
110
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2018
1
084
740
December&#160;31
 2017
448
675
2
246
815
588
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
(amounts in thousands
December&#160;31
300
350
350
350
350
84
84
500
250
250
300
300
500
500
193
193
300
300
101
99
Net impact of interest rate swaps
20
16
3
259
2
361
5
300
3
254
2
061
In August 2018
300
In May 2018
350
&#160;Notes due in 2020
350
500
 Notes due in 2023 (the 2018 Notes). Proceeds from the issuance of the 2018 Notes
 net of discounts and issuance costs
1
193
In August 2016
500
300
 Notes due in 2046 (the 2016 Notes). Proceeds from the issuance of the 2016 Notes
 net of discounts and issuance costs
792
Additionally
 in September 2016
250
 Notes due in 2016 upon their maturity. In November 2016
250
Aggregate annual maturities of our long-term Notes (excluding capital lease obligations and net impact of interest rate swaps
700
434
750
1
293
(amounts in thousands
For the years ended December 31
151
104
97
5
4
5
146
100
91
8
1
1
Interest expense
138
98
90
We are exposed to market risks arising principally from changes in foreign currency exchange rates
 interest rates and commodity prices.  We use certain derivative instruments to manage these risks.  These include interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risk
 foreign currency forward exchange contracts to manage foreign currency exchange rate risk
In entering into these contracts
 we have assumed the risk that might arise from the possible inability of counterparties to meet the terms of their contracts.  We mitigate this risk by entering into exchanged-traded contracts with collateral posting requirements and/or by performing financial assessments prior to contract execution
We enter into commodities futures and options contracts and other commodity derivative instruments to reduce the effect of future price fluctuations associated with the purchase of raw materials
693
December&#160;31
405
December&#160;31
Derivatives used to manage commodity price risk are not designated for hedge accounting treatment. Therefore
 the changes in fair value of these derivatives are recorded as incurred within cost of sales. As discussed in Note 12
 we define our segment income to exclude gains and losses on commodity derivatives until the related inventory is sold
We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk related to our international operations
 including non-functional currency intercompany debt and other non-functional currency transactions of certain subsidiaries.  Principal currencies hedged include the euro
 Canadian dollar
 Japanese yen
 British pound
29
December&#160;31
135
December&#160;31
11
December&#160;31
2
December&#160;31
.  The change in fair value on these instruments is recorded directly in cost of sales or selling
 marketing and administrative expense
(amounts in thousands
We manage our targeted mix of fixed and floating rate debt with debt issuances and by entering into fixed-to-floating interest rate swaps in order to mitigate fluctuations in earnings and cash flows that may result from interest rate volatility. These swaps are designated as fair value hedges
 for which the gain or loss on the derivative and the offsetting loss or gain on the hedged item are recognized in current earnings as interest expense (income)
350
December&#160;31
In order to manage interest rate exposure
 in previous years we utilized interest rate swap agreements to protect against unfavorable interest rate changes relating to forecasted debt transactions. These swaps
 which were settled upon issuance of the related debt
 were designated as cash flow hedges and the gains and losses that were deferred in other comprehensive income are being recognized as an adjustment to interest expense over the same period that the hedged interest payments affect earnings.  During 2016
500
000
 which was settled in connection with the issuance of debt in August 2016
87
We are exposed to market price changes in certain broad market indices related to our deferred compensation obligations to our employees.  To mitigate this risk
.  The change in fair value of these derivatives is recorded in selling
 marketing and administrative expense
December&#160;31
33
25
246
December&#160;31
December 31
3
1
4
1
7
3
4
1
7
5
2
3
10
10
2
6
December&#160;31
 2018
63
57
351
(amounts in thousands
December&#160;31
48
50
December&#160;31
 2018
 the remaining amount reflected in assets and liabilities related to the fair value of other non-exchange traded derivative instruments
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
69
55
1
5
4
3
3
9
9
2
4
68
51
5
4
5
14
Gains (losses) recognized in income for non-designated commodities futures and options contracts were included in cost of sales.  Gains (losses) recognized in income for non-designated foreign currency forward exchange contracts and deferred compensation derivatives were included in selling
Gains (losses) reclassified from AOCI into income were included in cost of sales for commodities futures and options contracts and for foreign currency forward exchange contracts designated as hedges of purchases of inventory or other productive assets.  Other gains (losses) for foreign currency forward exchange contracts were included in selling
The amount of pretax net losses on derivative instruments
6
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2018
2
We did not have any level 3 financial assets or liabilities
(amounts in thousands
December&#160;31
December 31
3
3
7
7
4
4
4
4
December 31
1
1
1
1
1
1
3
3
The fair value of foreign currency forward exchange contracts is the difference between the contract and current market foreign currency exchange rates at the end of the period.  We estimate the fair value of foreign currency forward exchange contracts on a quarterly basis by obtaining market quotes of spot and forward rates for contracts with similar terms
The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
The estimated fair value of our long-term debt is based on quoted market prices for similar debt issues and is
 therefore

 including the current portion
(amounts in thousands
At December 31
5
299
5
300
3
228
2
113
3
254
2
061
3
234
2
412
3
259
2
361
In addition to assets and liabilities that are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis
 GAAP requires that
 under certain circumstances
In connection with the acquisitions of Amplify in the first quarter of 2018 and Pirate Brands in the fourth quarter of 2018
 as discussed in Note 2
 we used various valuation techniques to determine fair value
 with the primary techniques being discounted cash flow analysis
 relief-from-royalty
 and a form of the multi-period excess earnings valuation approaches
 which use significant unobservable inputs
 or Level 3 inputs
 as defined by the fair value hierarchy.  In connection with disposal groups classified as held for sale
 as discussed in Note 7
 during 2018
57
 to adjust the long-lived asset values within certain disposal groups
 including the SGM and Tyrrells businesses
 the Lotte Shanghai Foods Co.
 Ltd. joint venture and other assets.  These charges represent the excess of the disposal groups' carrying values
 including the related currency translation adjustment amounts realized or to be realized upon completion of the sales
 over the sales values less costs to sell for the respective businesses.  The fair values of the disposal groups were supported by the sales prices paid by third-party buyers or estimated sales prices based on marketing of the disposal group
During the first quarter of 2017
 as discussed in Note 8
105
 to write down distributor relationship and trademark intangible assets that had been recognized in connection with the 2014 SGM acquisition and wrote down property
102
December&#160;31
 2018
 the following disposal groups have been classified as held for sale
The Lotte Shanghai Foods Co.
 Ltd. joint venture
 which was taken out of operation and classified as held for sale during the second quarter of 2018.  We sold a portion of the joint venture's equipment in the third and fourth quarters of 2018
Other assets
December&#160;31
Assets held for sale
Property
 plant and equipment
20
2
23
Liabilities held for sale
(amounts in thousands
During 2018
 we completed the sale of other disposal groups that had been previously classified as assets and liabilities held for sale
In April 2018
13
000
2
658
 which is recorded in the selling
During the second and third quarters of 2018
27
468
6
562
In July 2018
 we sold the Tyrrells and SGM businesses
 both of which were previously classified as held for sale. Total proceeds from the sale of Tyrrells and SGM
 net of cash divested
167
33
729
For the years ended December&#160;31
15
32
9
6
30
16
13
17
6
48
2
21
5
51
69
93
 to the International and Other segment. The costs and related benefits to be derived from the 2015 Productivity Initiative relate primarily to the North America segment.  However
In the first quarter 2017
 the Company's Board of Directors (Board) unanimously approved several initiatives under a single program designed to drive continued net sales
 operating income and earnings per-share diluted growth over the next several years.&#160; This program is focused on improving global efficiency and effectiveness
 optimizing the Company&#8217;s supply chain
(amounts in thousands
375
425
000
 to be incurred from 2017 to 2019.  The majority of the initiatives relating to the program have been executed
 with the final initiatives to be completed over approximately the next nine months.  To date
336
208
 related to the operations supporting our China business as noted below
16
 incremental impairment charge resulting from the sale of SGM (see Note 7).  In addition to the impairment charges
47
63
.  We expect the remaining spending on this program to be minimal in 2019
340
355
97
110
 as a result of this program
During 2018
55
.  These charges include employee severance
 largely relating to initiatives to improve the cost structure of our China business and to further streamline our corporate operating model
 as well as non-cash
 asset-related incremental depreciation expense as part of optimizing the global supply chain.  In addition
 we incurred other program costs
 which relate primarily to third-party charges in support of our initiative to improve global efficiency and effectiveness. During 2017
55
The program included an initiative to optimize the manufacturing operations supporting our China business.&#160; When the program was approved in 2017
 we deemed this to be a triggering event requiring us to test our China long-lived asset group for impairment by first determining whether the carrying value of the asset group was recovered by our current estimates of future cash flows associated with the asset group.  Because this assessment indicated that the carrying value was not recoverable
 we calculated an impairment loss as the excess of the asset group's carrying value over its fair value.  The resulting impairment loss was allocated to the asset group's long-lived assets.  Therefore
 as a result of this testing
 during the first quarter of 2017
208
712
105
102
 representing the portion of the impairment loss that was allocated to property
In the second quarter of 2016
 we commenced a program (the &#8220;Operational Optimization Program&#8221;) to optimize our production and supply chain network
 platform
 including the integration of the China sales force
During 2018
2
940
 relating primarily to third-party charges in support of our initiative to optimize our production and supply chain network.  In addition
6
.  During 2017 and 2016
13
88
293
 respectively
 including non-cash asset-related incremental depreciation costs in 2016
 employee related costs
 costs to consolidate
 and relocate production
In mid-2015
 we initiated a productivity initiative (the &#8220;2015 Productivity Initiative&#8221;) intended to move decision making closer to the customer and the consumer
 to enable a more enterprise-wide approach to innovation
 to more swiftly advance our knowledge agenda
 and to provide for a more efficient cost structure
 while ensuring that we effectively allocate resources to future growth areas.  Overall
(amounts in thousands
The 2015 Productivity Initiative was executed throughout the third and fourth quarters of 2015
 positions
5
For the years ended December&#160;31
11
5
58
Selling
21
16
16
19
47
18
51
69
93
December&#160;31
Liability balance at December 31
38
25
50
Other
Liability balance at December 31
14
The costs reflected in the liability roll-forward represent employee-related and certain third-party service provider charges. These costs do not include items charged directly to expense
 such as accelerated depreciation and amortization and certain of the third-party charges associated with various programs
For the years ended December&#160;31
1
195
1
187
1
395
214
77
295
1
410
1
110
1
099
(amounts in thousands
For the years ended December&#160;31
151
314
391
38
37
51
13
16
25
202
335
417
35
19
7
7
7
6
8
29
36
18
38
239
354
379
The U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
 enacted in December 2017 (&#8220;U.S. tax reform&#8221;)
 significantly changed U.S. corporate income tax laws by
 among other things
 reducing the U.S. corporate income tax rate to 21% starting in 2018 and creating a territorial tax system with a one-time mandatory tax on previously deferred foreign earnings of U.S. subsidiaries.&#160; Under GAAP (specifically
 ASC Topic 740)
During the fourth quarter of 2017
 we recorded a net provisional charge of 
 which included the estimated impact of the one-time mandatory tax on previously deferred earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries offset in part by the benefit from revaluation of net deferred tax liabilities based on the new lower corporate income tax rate.  During 2018
 as measurement period adjustments to the net provisional charge. The accounting for income tax effects of U.S. tax reform is complete based on additional tax regulations available as of December 31
Additionally
(amounts in thousands
December 31
52
58
85
103
30
31
17
27
8
12
12
13
26
161
226
26
23
9
7
418
515
239
312
178
203
Property
 plant and equipment
144
132
161
68
21
20
28
23
354
246
175
42
Non-current deferred tax assets
1
3
Non-current deferred tax liabilities
176
45
175
42
December&#160;31
(amounts in thousands
For the years ended December 31
State income taxes
Other
December 31
42
36
1
2
2
1
61
10
1
4
3
97
42
The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
93
December&#160;31
37
December&#160;31
1
785
6
December&#160;31
4
December&#160;31
We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign jurisdictions.  A number of years may elapse before an uncertain tax position
 for which we have unrecognized tax benefits
 is audited and finally resolved.  While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular uncertain tax position
 we believe that our unrecognized tax benefits reflect the most likely outcome.  We adjust these unrecognized tax benefits
 as well as the related interest
The Company&#8217;s major taxing jurisdictions currently include the United States (federal and state)
 as well as various foreign jurisdictions such as Canada
 China
 Mexico
 Brazil
 India
 Malaysia and Switzerland. The number of years with open tax audits varies depending on the tax jurisdiction
 with 2010 representing the earliest tax year that remains open for examination by certain taxing authorities. The U.S. Internal Revenue Service is examining our U.S. federal income tax returns for 2013
9
December&#160;31
 2018
550
 of undistributed earnings of our international subsidiaries. We intend to continue to reinvest earnings outside of the United States for the foreseeable future and
 therefore
(amounts in thousands
not recognized additional tax expense (e.g.
We invest in partnerships which make equity investments in projects eligible to receive federal historic and energy tax credits.  The investments are accounted for under the equity method and reported within other assets in our Consolidated Balance Sheets.  The tax credits
 when realized
 are recognized as a reduction of tax expense
December&#160;31
 2018
60
74
600
 respectively
50
66
209
 respectively
 to reflect the realization of these benefits. The equity investment write-down is reflected within other (income) expense
We sponsor a number of defined benefit pension plans.  The primary plans are The Hershey Company Retirement Plan and The Hershey Company Retirement Plan for Hourly Employees.  These are cash balance plans that provide pension benefits for most domestic employees hired prior to January 1
 post-retirement benefit plans: health care and life insurance.  The health care plan is contributory
(amounts in thousands
A summary of the changes in benefit obligations
December&#160;31
1
117
1
118
236
242
21
20
31
40
6
8
8
50
40
10
2
61
44
4
6
1
23
56
16
18
1
031
1
117
214
236
1
086
1
023
43
121
9
37
16
18
61
44
4
5
23
56
16
18
963
1
086
67
31
214
236
14
1
6
19
20
66
39
195
215
67
31
214
236
Amounts recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
254
207
17
8
32
30
1
222
176
17
7
994
December&#160;31
1
077
December&#160;31
(amounts in thousands
December 31
1
030
711
993
675
962
665
For the years ended December&#160;31
21
20
23
31
40
41
6
8
9
58
57
58
7
5
1
26
33
34
20
17
22
34
49
62
7
9
10
Change in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in AOCI
3
73
31
10
2
3
7
2
41
Total recognized in other comprehensive (income) loss
10
76
73
11
1
3
45
26
11
3
11
6
33
7
December 31
(amounts in thousands
For the years ended December&#160;31
The Company&#8217;s discount rate assumption is determined by developing a yield curve based on high quality corporate bonds with maturities matching the plans&#8217; expected benefit payment streams. The plans&#8217; expected cash flows are then discounted by the resulting year-by-year spot rates.  We base the asset return assumption on current and expected asset allocations
Prior to December 31
 2017
 the service and interest cost components of net periodic benefit cost were determined utilizing a single weighted-average discount rate derived from the yield curve used to measure the plan obligations.  Beginning in 2018
 we elected to utilize a full yield curve approach in the estimation of service and interest costs by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in the determination of the benefit obligation to the relevant projected cash flows.  We made this change to provide a more precise measurement of service and interest costs by improving the correlation between the projected cash flows to the corresponding spot rates along the yield curve.  This change does not affect the measurement of our pension and other post-retirement benefit liabilities but generally results in lower benefit expense in periods when the yield curve is upward sloping
 which was the case in 2018.  We  accounted for this change as a change in accounting estimate and
 accordingly
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2017
 and 2018
3
2
The valuations and assumptions reflect adoption of the Society of Actuaries updated RP-2014 mortality tables with MP-2018 generational projection scales
 which we adopted as of December 31
We broadly diversify our pension plan assets across public equity
 fixed income
December&#160;31
Alternative investments
 including real estate
December&#160;31
 2018
(amounts in thousands
The following table sets forth by level
 within the fair value hierarchy (as defined in Note 6)
December&#160;31
1
17
19
210
210
242
242
117
117
29
29
94
94
147
147
57
57
44
44
1
17
944
963
The following table sets forth by level
 within the fair value hierarchy
December&#160;31
1
18
20
276
276
239
239
33
162
195
40
34
74
32
32
149
149
50
50
47
47
1
91
993
1
086
(amounts in thousands
This category comprises fixed income funds primarily invested in high yield bonds
 loans
 securitized debt
December&#160;31
Our policy is to fund domestic pension liabilities in accordance with the limits imposed by the ERISA
9
233
37
29
6
 to complete the termination of The Hershey Company Puerto Rico Hourly Pension Plan
 which was approved in 2016 by the Compensation and Executive Organization Committee of the Board. For 
1
Total benefit payments expected to be paid to plan participants
 including pension benefits funded from the plans and other benefits funded from Company assets
113
95
92
115
92
396
19
18
17
16
15
68
(amounts in thousands
During 2016
 we exited a facility as part of the Operational Optimization Program (see Note 7) and no longer participate in the BCTGM Union and Industry Canadian Pension Plan
47
959
46
43
Share-based grants for compensation and incentive purposes are made pursuant to the Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (&#8220;EICP&#8221;).  The EICP provides for grants of one or more of the following stock-based compensation awards to employees
December&#160;31
 2018
 shares were authorized and approved by our stockholders for grants under the EICP.   The EICP also provides for the deferral of stock-based compensation awards by participants if approved by the Compensation and Executive Organization Committee of our Board and if in accordance with an applicable deferred compensation plan of the Company.  Currently
 the Compensation and Executive Organization Committee has authorized the deferral of PSU and RSU awards by certain eligible employees under the Company&#8217;s Deferred Compensation Plan.  Our Board has authorized our non-employee directors to defer any portion of their cash retainer
At the time stock options are exercised or RSUs and PSUs become payable
For the periods presented
For the years ended December 31
49
51
54
9
13
17
Compensation costs for stock compensation plans are primarily included in selling
December&#160;31
 2018
56
(amounts in thousands
.  Grants of stock options provide for pro-rated vesting
 typically over a four-year period.  Expense for stock options is based on grant date fair value and recognized on a straight-line method over the vesting period
December&#160;31
5
921
945
1
110
361
Outstanding as of December 31
5
394
70
Options exercisable as of December 31
3
506
57
789
 
 
For the years ended December&#160;31
&#8220;Dividend yields&#8221; means the sum of dividends declared for the four most recent quarterly periods
38
382
45
73
944
 
December&#160;31
 2018
13
 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock option awards granted under the EICP
(amounts in thousands
December&#160;31
2
079
1
704
1
676
711
1
638
1
089
5
394
3
506
Under the EICP
-year performance cycle
 we award a resulting number of shares of our Common Stock to the participants.  For PSUs granted
 the target award is a combination of a market-based total shareholder return and performance-based components.  The performance scores for 
 
We recognize the compensation cost associated with employee RSUs over a specified award vesting period based on the grant date fair value of our Common Stock.  We recognize expense for employee RSUs based on the straight-line method.  We recognize the compensation cost associated with non-employee director RSUs ratably over the vesting period
December&#160;31
923
457
16
287
111
999
The following table sets forth information about the fair value of the PSUs and RSUs granted for potential future distribution to employees and non-employee directors.  In addition
(amounts in thousands
For the years ended December 31
457
478
545
&#8220;Dividend yields&#8221; means the sum of dividends declared for the four most recent quarterly periods
28
752
29
22
062
 
Deferred PSUs
303
December&#160;31
Our organizational structure is designed to ensure continued focus on North America
 coupled with an emphasis on profitable growth in our focus international markets.  Our business is organized around geographic regions
 which enables us to build processes for repeatable success in our global markets. As a result
 we have defined our operating segments on a geographic basis
 as this aligns with how our Chief Operating Decision Maker (&#8220;CODM&#8221;) manages our business
 including resource allocation and performance assessment.  Our North America business
 of our consolidated revenue
 is our only reportable segment.  None of our other operating segments meet the quantitative thresholds to qualify as reportable segments; therefore
This segment is responsible for our traditional chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery market position
 as well as our grocery and growing snacks market positions
 in the United States and Canada.  This includes developing and growing our business in chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery
 pantry
International and Other is a combination of all other operating segments that are not individually material
 including those geographic regions where we operate outside of North America.  We currently have operations and manufacture product in China
 Mexico
 Brazil
 India and Malaysia
 primarily for consumers in these regions
 and also distribute and sell confectionery products in export markets of Asia
 Latin America
 Middle East
 Europe
 Africa and other regions.  This segment also includes our global retail operations
 including Hershey's Chocolate World stores in Hershey
 Pennsylvania
 New York City
 Las Vegas
 Niagara Falls (Ontario) and Singapore
For segment reporting purposes
 we use &#8220;segment income&#8221; to evaluate segment performance and allocate resources.  Segment income excludes unallocated general corporate administrative expenses
 unallocated mark-to-market gains and losses on commodity derivatives
 business realignment and impairment charges
(amounts in thousands
Certain manufacturing
 warehousing
 distribution and other activities supporting our global operations are integrated to maximize efficiency and productivity.  As a result
 assets and capital expenditures are not managed on a segment basis and are not included in the information reported to the CODM for the purpose of evaluating performance or allocating resources.  We disclose depreciation and amortization that is generated by segment-specific assets
For the years ended December 31
6
901
6
621
6
532
889
894
907
7
791
7
515
7
440
2
020
2
044
2
040
73
11
29
2
093
2
055
2
011
486
499
488
168
35
163
57
208
4
51
69
93
44
6
2
1
623
1
313
1
255
Interest expense
138
98
90
Other (income) expense
74
104
65
1
410
1
110
1
099
Includes centrally-managed (a) corporate functional costs relating to legal
 treasury
 finance
 and human resources
 (b) expenses associated with the oversight and administration of our global operations
 including warehousing
 distribution and manufacturing
 information systems and global shared services
 (c) non-cash stock-based compensation expense
For the years ended December&#160;31
69
55
171
98
91
8
168
35
163
December&#160;31
 2018
40
. Based on our forecasts of the timing of the recognition of the underlying hedged items
(amounts in thousands
For the years ended December 31
205
171
162
35
42
50
54
48
88
295
261
301
Corporate includes non-cash asset-related accelerated depreciation and amortization related to business realignment activities
For the years ended December 31
6
535
6
263
6
196
1
255
1
251
1
243
7
791
7
515
7
440
1
668
1
575
1
528
462
531
648
2
130
2
106
2
177
In conjunction with recent acquisitions
 in 2018 we introduced our snacks portfolio
 an additional product line represented by ready-to-eat popcorn
 baked snacks
 meat snack products and other better-for-you snacks. Net sales related to our snacks portfolio in 
 respectively
For the year ended December 31
7
453
337
7
791
1
055
000
December&#160;31
.  Of this total
900
000
 shares were designated as Common Stock
150
000
5
000
Holders of the Common Stock and the Class B Stock generally vote together without regard to class on matters submitted to stockholders
 votes per share.  However
 the Common Stock holders
 voting separately as a class
 are entitled to elect one-sixth of the Board.  With respect to dividend rights
 the Common Stock holders are entitled to cash dividends 
6
(amounts in thousands
For the years ended December&#160;31
359
901
359
901
359
901
149
040
147
642
143
124
1
406
4
640
450
1
500
615
1
278
1
820
1
339
1
379
1
944
150
172
149
040
147
642
209
728
210
860
212
259
Hershey Trust Company
 as trustee for the Milton Hershey School Trust (the Trust) and as direct owner of investment shares
3
903
December&#160;31
.  As trustee for the Trust
60
612
December&#160;31
 2018
 of all of the votes entitled to be cast on matters requiring the vote of both classes of our common stock voting together.  Hershey Trust Company
 as trustee for the Trust
 or any successor trustee
 or Milton Hershey School
 as appropriate
In November 2018
 the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Hershey Trust Company
 as trustee for the Trust
450
 per share
47
In August 2017
 the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Hershey Trust Company
 as trustee for the Trust
1
500
 per share
159
 controlling interest in Lotte Shanghai Foods Co.
 Ltd. (&#8220;LSFC&#8221;)
Balance
 December 31
16
6
1
Balance
 December 31
8
(amounts in thousands
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2018
December&#160;31
 2018
 we had entered into agreements for the purchase of raw materials with various suppliers.  Subject to meeting our quality standards
December&#160;31
1
December&#160;31
38
6
24
5
16
3
15
4
13
4
185
169
Future minimum rental payments reflect commitments under non-cancelable operating leases primarily for offices
 retail stores
December&#160;31
 2018
34
157
25
20
330
 respectively
Future minimum rental payments reflect commitments under non-cancelable capital leases primarily for offices and warehouse facilities
We have a number of facilities that contain varying amounts of asbestos in certain locations within the facilities.  Our asbestos management program is compliant with current applicable regulations
 which require that we handle or dispose of asbestos in a special manner if such facilities undergo major renovations or are demolished.  We do not have sufficient information to estimate the fair value of any asset retirement obligations related to these facilities.  We cannot specify the settlement date or range of potential settlement dates and
 therefore
(amounts in thousands
We are subject to various pending or threatened legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of our business. While it is not feasible to predict or determine the outcome of such proceedings and claims with certainty
 in our opinion these matters
 both individually and in the aggregate
 are not expected to have a material effect on our financial condition
December&#160;31
 2018
14
1
5
 employees
 of the Company&#8217;s employees worldwide.  During 2019
 agreements will be negotiated for certain employees at three facilities outside of the United States
(amounts in thousands
We compute basic earnings per share for Common Stock and Class B common stock using the two-class method.  The Class B common stock is convertible into Common Stock on a share-for-share basis at any time. The computation of diluted earnings per share for Common Stock assumes the conversion of Class B common stock using the if-converted method
For the years ended December 31
410
151
385
140
367
132
449
165
188
68
162
58
860
317
574
208
529
190
149
60
151
60
153
60
860
317
574
208
529
190
317
208
190
1
177
316
782
208
720
190
149
60
151
60
153
60
60
60
60
1
210
60
213
60
215
60
December&#160;31
 2018
4
196
2
3
 stock options (in thousands)
 respectively
(amounts in thousands
OTHER (INCOME) EXPENSE
Other (income) expense

For the years ended December&#160;31
50
66
43
20
38
49
26
Other (income) expense
3
74
104
65
(amounts in thousands
December 31
237
224
107
93
618
614
963
933
178
180
784
752
68
128
23
21
180
130
272
280
Property
102
108
1
211
1
214
2
988
2
925
280
212
Property
 plant and equipment
4
581
4
460
2
451
2
354
Property
 plant and equipment
2
130
2
106
Capitalized software
126
104
126
146
252
251
Payroll
180
190
Advertising
293
305
204
180
679
676
195
215
66
39
184
184
446
438
96
91
Pension and post-retirement benefit plans
205
169
Cash flow hedges
54
52
356
313
(amounts in thousands
1
971
1
751
2
079
1
987
974
793
863
944
350
226
263
336
1
879
1
662
2
033
1
939
909
765
942
837
125
203
273
181
The Company&#8217;s management
 with the participation of the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures
 as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;)
December&#160;31
. Based on that evaluation
December&#160;31
We rely extensively on information systems and technology to manage our business and summarize operating results. We are in the process of a multi-year implementation of a new global enterprise resource planning (&#8220;ERP&#8221;) system
 which will replace our existing operating and financial systems. The ERP system is designed to accurately maintain the Company&#8217;s financial records
 enhance operational functionality and provide timely information to the Company&#8217;s management team related to the operation of the business. The implementation is expected to occur in phases over the next several years. The initial changes to our consolidated financial reporting took place in the second quarter of 2018. The transition to the new financial reporting platform did not result in significant changes in our internal control over financial reporting. However
 as the next phases of the updated processes are rolled out in connection with the ERP implementation
Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company&#8217;s reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission&#8217;s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include
 without limitation
 controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company&#8217;s reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management
 including the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate
 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
The management of The Hershey Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
All internal control systems
 no matter how well designed
 have inherent limitations.  Therefore
The Company&#8217;s management
 including the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
December&#160;31
.  In making this assessment
. Based on this assessment
 management concluded that
December&#160;31
 2018
Management&#8217;s assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of Amplify Snack Brands
 Inc. or Pirate Brands which were acquired on January 31
 2018 and October 17
 2018
 respectively
 and are included in the 2018 consolidated financial statements of the Company and constituted 28.2% of total assets as of December 31
The Company&#8217;s independent auditors have audited
 and reported on
December&#160;31
DIRECTORS
The information required by Item 401 of SEC Regulation S-K concerning the directors and nominees for director of the Company
 together with a discussion of the specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills that led the Board to conclude that the director or nominee should serve as a director at this time
 will be located in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled &#8220;Proposal No. 1 &#8211; Election of Directors
Information regarding the identification of the Audit Committee as a separately-designated standing committee of the Board and information regarding the status of one or more members of the Audit Committee as an &#8220;audit committee financial expert&#8221; will be located in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled &#8220;Meetings and Committees of the Board &#8211; Committees of the Board
Reporting of any inadvertent late filings under Section&#160;16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 will be located in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled &#8220;Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance
Information regarding our Code of Conduct applicable to our directors
 officers and employees is located in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
Information regarding the compensation of each of our named executive officers
 including our Chief Executive Officer
 will be located in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled &#8220;Compensation Discussion &amp; Analysis
&#8221; which information is incorporated herein by reference. Information regarding the compensation of our directors will be located in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled &#8220;Non-Employee Director Compensation
The information required by Item 407(e)(4) of SEC Regulation S-K will be located in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled &#8220;Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation
The information required by Item 407(e)(5) of SEC Regulation S-K will be located in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled &#8220;Compensation Committee Report
Information concerning ownership of our voting securities by certain beneficial owners
 individual nominees for director
 the named executive officers
 including persons serving as our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 and directors and executive officers as a group
 will be located in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled &#8220;Share Ownership of Directors
 Management and Certain Beneficial Owners
Information regarding all of the Company&#8217;s equity compensation plans will be located in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled &#8220;Equity Compensation Plan Information
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
Information regarding transactions with related persons will be located in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled &#8220;Certain Transactions and Relationships
&#8221; which information is incorporated herein by reference.  Information regarding director independence will be located in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled &#8220;Corporate Governance &#8211; Director Independence
Information regarding &#8220;Principal Accounting Fees and Services
&#8221; including the policy regarding pre-approval of audit and non-audit services performed by our Company&#8217;s independent auditors
 will be located in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled &#8220;Information about our Independent Auditors
EXHIBITS
The audited consolidated financial statements of The Hershey Company and its subsidiaries and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm thereon
 as required to be filed
December&#160;31
 2018
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized
 this 22nd day of February
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
February&#160;22
February&#160;22
February&#160;22
February&#160;22
February&#160;22
February&#160;22
February&#160;22
February&#160;22
February&#160;22
February&#160;22
February&#160;22
February&#160;22
February&#160;22
December&#160;31
 2018
For the year ended December 31
Accounts receivable&#8212;trade
41
222
240
24
312
18
90
239
19
32
31
20
373
273
362
284
For the year ended December 31
Accounts receivable&#8212;trade
40
166
165
41
235
92
15
312
20
35
36
19
295
294
217
373
For the year ended December 31
Accounts receivable&#8212;trade
32
174
166
40
207
28
235
22
30
32
20
262
232
199
295
(a) Includes allowances for doubtful accounts
(c) Includes adjustments to the inventory reserve
 transfers
Agreement and Plan of Merger
 dated as of December 17
 2017
 among the Company
 Alphabet Merger Sub Inc. and Amplify Snack Brands
 Inc. is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 18
Asset Purchase Agreement
 dated as of September 12
 2018
 among the Company
 B&amp;G Foods
 Inc. and the Selling Subsidiaries (as named therein) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 13
The Company&#8217;s Restated Certificate of Incorporation
 as amended
 is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April&#160;3
The Company's By-laws
 as amended and restated as of February 21
The Company has issued certain long-term debt instruments
&#160;License Agreement (the &#8220;License Agreement&#8221;) between the Company and Rowntree Mackintosh Confectionery Limited is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(a) to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December&#160;31
Amendment to the License Agreement is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 19 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July&#160;3
Assignment of the License Agreement by Rowntree Mackintosh Confectionery Limited to Soci&#233;t&#233; des Produits Nestl&#233; SA as of January&#160;1
 1990 is incorporated by reference from Exhibit&#160;19 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December&#160;31
&#160;Domestic Trademark &amp; Technology License Agreement between the Company and Cadbury Schweppes Inc. (now Kraft Foods Ireland Intellectual Property Limited) dated August 25
 1988
 is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2(a) to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 8
&#160;Trademark &amp; Technology License Agreement between the Company and Cadbury Limited (now Cadbury UK Limited) dated August 25
 1988
 is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2(a) to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 8
Trademark and Technology License Agreement between Huhtam&#228;ki (now Iconic IP Interests
 LLC) and the Company dated December&#160;30
 1996
 is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February&#160;26
Amended and Restated Trademark and Technology License Agreement between Huhtam&#228;ki (now Iconic IP Interests
 LLC) and the Company is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
Five Year Credit Agreement dated as of October 14
 2011
 among the Company and the banks
 financial institutions and other institutional lenders listed on the respective signature pages thereof (&#8220;Lenders&#8221;)
 Bank of America
 N.A.
 as administrative agent for the Lenders
 JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
 as syndication agent
 Citibank
 N.A. and PNC Bank
 National Association
 as documentation agents
 and Bank of America Merrill Lynch
 J.P. Morgan Securities LLC
 Citigroup Global Markets
 Inc. and PNC Capital Markets LLC
 as joint lead arrangers and joint book managers
 is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 20
Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement dated as of November 12
 2013
 among the Company
 the banks
 financial institutions and other institutional lenders who are parties to the Five Year Credit Agreement and Bank of America
 N.A.
 as agent
 is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.6 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
364 Day Credit Agreement
 dated as of January 8
 2018
 among the Company
 Citibank
 N.A.
 Bank of America N.A. and Royal Bank of Canada
 is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 9
Letter Agreement
 by and between the Company and Citibank
 N.A.
 terminating the 364 Day Credit Agreement effective October 24
 2018 is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30
Master Innovation and Supply Agreement between the Company and Barry Callebaut
 AG
 dated July&#160;13
 2007
 is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 19
First Amendment to Master Innovation and Supply Agreement between the Company and Barry Callebaut
 AG
 dated April 14
 2011
 is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 3
Supply Agreement for Monterrey
 Mexico
 between the Company and Barry Callebaut
 AG
 dated July&#160;13
 2007
 is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 19
Stock Purchase Agreement
 dated August 24
 2017
 between Milton Hershey School Trust
 by its trustee
 Hershey Trust Company
 and the Company is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 28
Stock Purchase Agreement
 dated November 7
 2018
 between Milton Hershey School Trust
 by its trustee
 Hershey Trust Company
 and the Company is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 8
The Company&#8217;s Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan
 amended and restated February 22
 2011
 and approved by our stockholders on April 28
 2011
 is incorporated by reference from Appendix B to the Company&#8217;s proxy statement filed March 15
Form of Notice of Award of Restricted Stock Units (pre-February 15
 2016 version) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.9 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
Form of Notice of Award of Restricted Stock Units (effective February 15
 2016 - February 21
 2017 version) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.10(b) to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
Form of Notice of Award of Restricted Stock Units (effective February 22
 2017) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 2
Form of Notice of Special Award of Restricted Stock Units (pro-rata vest
 pre-February 15
 2016 version) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 16
Form of Notice of Special Award of Restricted Stock Units (pro-rata vest
 effective February 15
 2016 - February 21
 2017 version) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 17
Form of Notice of Special Award of Restricted Stock Units (pro-rata vest
 effective February 22
 2017) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2(a) to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 2
Form of Notice of Special Award of Restricted Stock Units (3-year cliff vest
 pre-February 22
 2017 version) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 18
Form of Notice of Special Award of Restricted Stock Units (3-year cliff vest
 effective February 22
 2017) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2(b) to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 2
Terms and Conditions of Nonqualified Stock Option Awards under the Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (pre-February 15
 2016 version) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 24
Terms and Conditions of Nonqualified Stock Option Awards under the Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (effective February 15
 2016 - February 21
 2017 version) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.12(b) to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
Terms and Conditions of Nonqualified Stock Option Awards under the Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (effective February 22
 2017) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 2
Form of Notice of Award of Performance Stock Units (pre-February 15
 2016 version) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 24
Form of Notice of Award of Performance Stock Units (effective February 15
 2016 - February 21
 2017 version) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.13(b) to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
Form of Notice of Award of Performance Stock Units (effective February 22
 2017) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 2
Form of Notice of Special Award of Performance Stock Units is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 5
The Long-Term Incentive Program Participation Agreement is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 18
The Company&#8217;s Deferred Compensation Plan
 Amended and Restated as of June 27
 2012
 is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 1
The Company&#8217;s Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan
 Amended and Restated as of October &#160;2
 2007
 is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.6 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
First Amendment to the Company&#8217;s Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan
 Amended and Restated as of October&#160;2
 2007
 is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.5 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
The Company&#8217;s Compensation Limit Replacement Plan
 Amended and Restated as of January&#160;1
 2009
 is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.6 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
The Company&#8217;s Executive Benefits Protection Plan (Group 3A)
 Amended and Restated as of June 27
 2012
 is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 1
The Company's Executive Benefits Protection Plan (Group 3)
 Amended and Restated as of June 27
 2012
 is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.18 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
Executive Confidentiality and Restrictive Covenant Agreement
 adopted as of February&#160;16
 2009
 is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December&#160;31
Employee Confidentiality and Restrictive Covenant Agreement
 amended as of February 18
 2013
 is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31
Employee Confidentiality and Restrictive Covenant Agreement
 amended as of October 10
 2016
 is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.21(b) to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
Executive Employment Agreement with John P. Bilbrey
 dated as of August 7
 2012
 is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 1
First Amendment to Executive Employment Agreement
 dated as of November 16
 2015
 by and between the Company and John P. Bilbrey is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 19
Retirement Agreement
 dated as of February 22
 2017
 by and between the Company and John P. Bilbrey is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed February 24
Executive Employment Agreement
 effective as of March 1
 2017
 by and between the Company and Michele G. Buck is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed February 24
The Company&#8217;s Directors&#8217; Compensation Plan
 Amended and Restated as of December 2
 2008
 is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.8 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December&#160;31
Certification of Michele G. Buck
 Chief Executive Officer
Certification of Patricia A. Little
 Chief Financial Officer
Certification of Michele G. Buck
 Chief Executive Officer
 and Patricia A. Little
 Chief Financial Officer
Management contract
Pursuant to Instruction 1 to Regulation S-T Rule 105(d)
 no hyperlink is required for any exhibit incorporated by reference that has not been filed with the SEC in electronic format









 AS AMENDED AND RESTATED






		


Incorporated October 24
Hershey
Board of Directors as of February 21
Committees
 Meetings
&#32;&#32;The annual meeting of stockholders shall be held for the election of directors at such date
 time and place
 either within or without the State of Delaware
&#32;&#32;A special meeting of stockholders may be called by the Board of Directors
 the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors
&#32;&#32;At any meeting of stockholders at which any action is to be taken (including the election of directors) by the vote of the holders of the Common Stock and the Class B Common Stock voting together without regard to class in accordance with the provisions of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation
 the presence in person or by proxy of the holders of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by both such classes at the meeting shall constitute a quorum.  With respect to the taking of any action (including
 with respect to the Common Stock
 the election of directors) as to which either the Common Stock or the Class&#160;B Common Stock is entitled to vote separately as a class pursuant to the provisions of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation
 the presence in person or by proxy of the holders of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by such class voting separately as a class at the meeting shall constitute a quorum.  Except as to the election of directors
 at every such meeting at which a quorum is present for the taking of any action
 a majority of the votes present or represented shall be necessary to take such action with the Common Stock and the Class&#160;B Common Stock voting together without regard to class or separately as a class or classes as are prescribed by the provisions of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation.  With respect to the election of directors
 the persons receiving the greatest number of votes
 in descending order
 shall be elected for the positions to be filled.  The absence of a quorum as provided for herein for the taking of any one or more action(s) shall not prevent the taking of any other action for which a quorum is present
&#32;&#32;The Board of Directors and/or the chair of any meeting of stockholders shall have the right and authority to prescribe such rules
 regulations and procedures and
 in the case of the chair of the meeting to do all such acts as are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting.  Such rules
 regulations or procedures
 whether adopted by the Board of Directors or prescribed by the chair of the meeting
 may include
 without limitation:  (a)&#160;the setting of the business for the meeting and the establishment of an agenda or order of business for the meeting; (b) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present; (c) limitations on attendance at or participation in the meeting to the stockholders of record of the Company
 their duly authorized and constituted proxies or such other persons as the chair shall permit; (d) restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof; (e) not requiring motions or seconding of motions and deeming directors nominated
 or proposals made
 by or under the authority of the Board of Directors to be properly before the meeting without further action; and (f) limitations and restrictions as to the content of and the time allotted
 if any
&#32;&#32;At any meeting of the stockholders
 only such business
 including proposals to be voted on (but excluding the nomination and election of directors
 which are covered in Section 2 of Article III of these By-laws) shall be conducted as shall have been properly brought before the meeting.  To be properly brought before the meeting
 business must be (a) specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of the Board of Directors
 (b) brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or by a stockholder or stockholders holding
 in the aggregate
 at least twenty-five percent (25%) of the outstanding votes entitled to be cast by holders of the Common Stock and Class B Common Stock voting together without regard to class
 or (c) properly requested to be brought before the meeting by a stockholder.  For business to be properly requested to be brought before a meeting by a stockholder pursuant to (c) above
 the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Company.  To be timely
 such written notice must be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal executive offices of the Company (1) with respect to business to be conducted at an annual meeting of stockholders
immediately preceding annual meeting
 and (2) with respect to business to be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders
 not later than the close of business on the fifteenth (15th) day following the day on which notice of such meeting was mailed to stockholders.  A stockholder's notice to the Secretary shall set forth as to each matter the stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting:  (i) the name and address of such stockholder; (ii) the class and number of shares of the Company's stock which are beneficially owned by the stockholder; (iii) a brief description of the business or proposal desired to be brought before the meeting and the reasons for conducting such at the meeting; (iv) any material interest of the stockholder in such business or proposal; and (v) such other information regarding such business or proposal as would be required to be included in a proxy statement pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission regardless of whether such other business or proposal may be included in any such proxy statement.  The foregoing notice requirements of this Section 5 shall be deemed satisfied by a stockholder with respect to business if the stockholder has notified the Company of his
 her or its intention to present a proposal at the meeting of stockholders in compliance with applicable rules and regulations promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
Unless otherwise required by applicable law or authorized by the Board of Directors
 from and after March 1
 2017
 all shares of the Company shall be issued
 recorded and transferred exclusively in uncertificated book-entry form in accordance with a direct registration program operated by a clearing agency registered under Section 17A of the Exchange Act. Shares of the Company represented by certificates that were issued prior to March 1
Certificates for shares of the capital stock of the Company shall be issued only to the extent as may be required by applicable law or as otherwise authorized by the Board of Directors
 and if so issued shall be in such form as shall be approved by the Board of Directors.  Any such certificates shall be signed by or have engraved thereon a facsimile signature of the Chief Executive Officer and the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary
&#32;&#32;The Board of Directors may
 in its discretion
 appoint responsible banks or trust companies or other appropriately qualified institutions to act as Transfer Agents and Registrars of the stock of the Company; and
 upon such appointments being made
 no stock certificate shall be valid until countersigned by one of such Transfer Agents and registered by one of such Registrars.  Where any such certificate is registered with the manual signature of a Registrar
 the countersignature of a Transfer Agent may be a facsimile or engraved
 stamped or printed.  The Board of Directors may also make such additional rules and regulations as it may deem expedient concerning the issue
&#32;&#32;Shares of stock may be transferred by delivery of the certificates therefore
 accompanied by an assignment in writing on the back of the certificates or by written power of attorney to sell
 assign and transfer the same
 signed by the record holder thereof
 upon receipt of proper transfer instructions from the owner of uncertificated shares
 or upon the escheat of said shares under the laws of any state of the United States.  In no event shall a transfer of shares affect the right of the Company to pay any dividend upon the stock to the holder of record thereof for all purposes
 and no transfer shall be valid
 except between the parties thereto
&#32;&#32;In case any certificate of stock shall be lost
 stolen or destroyed
 the Board of Directors
 in its discretion
 may authorize the issue of
 or provide for the manner of issuing
 uncertificated shares in place of the certificate so lost
 stolen or destroyed; provided
 that
 in each such case
 the applicant for such uncertificated shares shall furnish to the Company and to such of its Transfer Agents and Registrars as may require the same evidence to their satisfaction
 in their discretion
 of the loss
 theft or destruction of such certificate and of the ownership thereof
&#32;&#32;The Board of Directors may fix a record date for the purpose of determining the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof; to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or to exercise any rights in respect of any change
 conversion or exchange of stock; or for the purpose of any other lawful action.  The record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors
 and the record date shall not be more than sixty (60) days prior to the date of such meeting or such action
 or
 with respect to any such meeting
 less than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting.  Only stockholders of record on the record date shall be entitled to notice of and to vote at such meeting
 or to receive such dividends or rights
 or to exercise such rights
 as the case may be.  A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided
 however
 that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.  The Board of Directors may fix a record date for the purpose of determining the stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting
 which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors
&#32;&#32;The number of directors may be changed at any time and from time to time by vote at a meeting or by written consent of the holders of stock entitled to vote on the election of directors
 or by a resolution of the Board of Directors
 except that no decrease in the number of directors shall shorten the term of any director in office at the time of such decrease unless such director is specifically removed pursuant to Article Fourth
 Section B.2.d. of the Company's Restated Certificate of Incorporation. Each director shall continue in office until his or her successor shall have been elected and qualified
&#32;&#32;Nominations for the election of directors
 whether by vote of the Common Stock and the Class B Common Stock voting together without regard to class or of the Common Stock voting as a separate class
 may be made by (a) the Board of Directors
 (b) the Governance Committee or other committee appointed by the Board of Directors
 (c) a stockholder or stockholders holding at least twenty-five percent (25%) of the outstanding votes entitled to be cast by holders of the Common Stock and Class B Common Stock voting together without regard to class
 or (d) any stockholder entitled to vote for the election of directors at a meeting of stockholders.  Any stockholder entitled to vote for the election of directors at a meeting of stockholders may nominate one or more persons for election as director(s) as provided for in (d) above only if written notice of such stockholder's intent to make such nomination or nominations has been timely given to the Secretary of the Company.  To be timely
 such written notice must be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal executive offices of the Company (1) with respect to an election to be held at an annual meeting of stockholders
 not later than the close of business on the 90th day or earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the anniversary of the date of the immediately preceding annual meeting
 and (2) with respect to an election to be held at a special meeting of stockholders for the election of directors
 not later than the close of business on the fifteenth (15th) day following the date on which notice of such meeting was mailed to stockholders.  Each such notice shall set forth: (i) the name and address of the stockholder who intends to make the nomination and of the person or persons to be nominated; (ii) a representation the stockholder is a holder of record of stock of the Company entitled to vote at such meeting and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the person or persons specified in the notice; (iii) a description of all arrangements or understandings between the stockholder and each nominee and any other person or persons (naming such person or persons) pursuant to which the nomination or nominations are to be made by the stockholder and the reason or reasons for such nomination or nominations; (iv) such other information regarding each nominee proposed by such stockholder as would be required to be included in a proxy statement pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission regardless of whether such nomination or nominations may be included in any such proxy statement; and (v) the written consent of each nominee to serve as a director of the Company if so elected.  The foregoing notice requirements of this Section 2 shall be deemed satisfied by a stockholder with respect to a nomination if the stockholder has notified the Company of his
&#32;&#32;The Board of Directors and the Governance Committee of the Board shall each have the authority and power to adopt rules
 and determine the standards for
.  The Board of Directors shall annually elect one of its members to be Chairman of the Board of Directors and shall fill any vacancy in the position of Chairman of the Board of Directors at such time and in such manner as the Board of Directors shall determine.  The Chairman of the Board of Directors may
 but need not
 be an officer of
 or employed in an executive or any other capacity by
The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall preside
 when present
&#32;&#32;If the Chairman of the Board of Directors is also an officer or employee of the Company
 or for any other reason is not an independent director
 then the independent directors of the Board of Directors shall annually elect one of the independent directors to serve as Lead Independent Director and shall fill any vacancy in the position of Lead Independent Director
 when applicable
 at such time and in such manner as the independent directors of the Board of Directors shall determine
In the absence of the Chairman of the Board of Directors
 the Lead Independent Director (if any) shall preside
 when present
 at all meetings of the stockholders and of the Board of Directors.  The Lead Independent Director (if any) shall also preside at all executive sessions or other meetings of the independent directors of the Board of Directors
&#32;&#32;The Board of Directors may elect one or more of its members to be a Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors and may fill any vacancy in the position of Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors at such time and in such manner as the Board of Directors shall determine.  A Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors may
 but need not
 be an officer of
 or employed in an executive or any other capacity by
In the absence of the Chairman of the Board of Directors and
 if applicable
 the Lead Independent Director
 a Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors (if any) shall preside
 when present
&#32;&#32;The Board of Directors may by resolution appoint in advance the time and place for holding stated meetings of the Board
 and such stated meetings may be held at the time and place so appointed without the giving of any notice.  In case the day appointed for a stated meeting shall fall on a legal holiday
 such meeting shall be held on the next following business day
 not a legal holiday
&#32;&#32;Special meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held whenever called by the Chairman of the Board of Directors
 the Lead Independent Director or a Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors
 by the Chief Executive Officer or by one&#8209;sixth (calculated to the nearest whole number) of the total number of directors constituting the Board of Directors.  Notice of any such meeting
 setting forth the time and place of the meeting
 shall be mailed to each director
 addressed to him or her at his or her residence or usual place of business
 not later than the second day before the day on which the meeting is to be held
 or shall be sent to him or her at such place by telefacsimile or electronic mail
 or be delivered personally
 or by telephone or other oral means
 not later than the day before the day on which the meeting is to be held.  Except as may be indicated in the notice thereof
&#32;&#32;Notice of any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee need not be given to any director if waived by him or her whether before or after such meeting
 or if he or she shall be present at the meeting
 and any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee shall be a legal meeting without any notice thereof having been given
&#32;&#32;Members of the Board of Directors or of any committee may participate in a meeting of the Board or committee by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other
&#32;&#32;A majority of the total number of directors constituting the Board of Directors at the time of any meeting shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business
&#32;&#32;The standing committees of the Board of Directors shall be the Audit Committee
 the Compensation and Executive Organization Committee
 the Finance and Risk Management Committee
 the Governance Committee
&#32;&#32;The Board of Directors may appoint other committees for such general or special purposes and for such terms as may be established by the Board
Committees
 Meetings
&#32;&#32;Stated and special meetings of the standing and other committees of the Board of Directors shall be held and notice thereof given in the same manner provided for meetings of the Board.  The provisions of these By&#8209;laws relating to the determination of a quorum
 the manner of acting
&#32;&#32;The stated officers of the Company shall be the following
&#32;&#32;The stated officers shall hold office for such terms as the Board of Directors may designate
 and if not so designated
&#32;&#32;Any stated officer may be removed at any time
 either with or without cause
 by the Board of Directors
 and any other officer may be removed at any time
 either with or without cause
&#32;&#32;The Chief Executive Officer shall have active and general supervision and management over the business and affairs of the Company and shall have full power and authority to act for all purposes for and in the name of the Company in all matters except where action of the Board is required by law
 these By-laws
 or resolutions of the Board.  In the case of the Chief Executive Officer being unavailable to perform the duties of office for periods of short duration
 the Chief Executive Officer shall have the authority to designate who shall act as Chief Executive Officer for such period; failing such designation
 the Chief Operating Officer
 if any
.  The other officers of the Company shall have such powers and perform such duties as may from time to time be assigned or required by the Board of Directors
 the Executive Committee
 the Chief Executive Officer
&#32;&#32;The compensation of the stated officers of the Company shall be fixed
 or the method for doing so shall be provided for
&#32;&#32;The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless
 to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law as it presently exists or may be hereafter amended from time to time
 any person who was or is made or is threatened to be made a party or is otherwise involved in any threatened
 pending or completed action
 suit
 arbitration
 alternative dispute resolution mechanism or proceeding
 whether civil
 criminal
 administrative or investigative (Proceeding) by reason of the fact that such person
 or a person for whom such person is the legal representative
(a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;a director or officer of the Company or its subsidiaries
(b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;a director
 officer or employee of the Company and is or was serving at the request of the Company through designation by the Chief Executive Officer as a director
 officer
 employee
 agent or fiduciary of another corporation or of a partnership
 joint venture
 trust
 nonprofit entity or other enterprise
 including service with respect to employee benefit plans
against all liability and loss suffered and expenses (including attorneys' fees)
 judgments
 penalties
 fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person or on such person's behalf in connection with any such Proceeding.  However
 except as provided for in Section 4 of this Article
&#32;&#32;The Company shall pay the reasonable expenses (including attorneys' fees) as and when incurred by a director or officer of the Company in connection with any Proceeding described in Section&#160;1 of this Article in advance of its final disposition
 
 
 that such payment shall be made only upon a receipt of an undertaking by the director or officer to repay all expenses (including attorneys' fees) advanced if it should be ultimately determined that the director or officer is not entitled to be indemnified under this Article or otherwise.  Payment of such expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred by employees of the Company designated by the Chief Executive Officer in accordance with Section 1 of this Article may be made by the Board of Directors in its discretion upon such terms and conditions
 if any
&#32;&#32;The rights conferred on any person by this Article shall not be exclusive of any other rights which such person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute
 provision of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation
 these By-laws
 agreement
 vote of stockholders or disinterested directors
 or otherwise.  The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided for by this Article shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director
 officer or employee described in Section 1 and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs
&#32;&#32;If a claim by a director
 officer or employee described in Section 1 for indemnification or advancement of expenses under this Article is not paid in full within thirty days after a written claim therefor has been received by the Company
 the claimant may file suit to recover the unpaid amount of such claim and
 if successful in whole or in part
 shall be entitled to be paid in full all costs and expenses (including attorneys' fees) of prosecuting such claim.  In any such action
&#32;&#32;The Company's obligation to indemnify or advance expenses under this Article to a person who is or was serving at the request of the Company (as provided for in Section&#160;1) as a director
 officer
 employee
 agent or fiduciary of any other corporation
 partnership
 joint venture
 trust
 nonprofit entity
 employee benefit plan or other enterprise shall be secondary and supplemental to any indemnification obligation of such corporation
 partnership
 joint venture
 trust
 nonprofit entity
 employee benefit plan or other enterprise
&#32;&#32;During any emergency resulting from an attack on the United States or on a locality in which the Company conducts its business or customarily holds meetings of its Board of Directors or its stockholders or during a nuclear or atomic disaster or during the existence of any catastrophe
foregoing is hereinafter referred to as an Emergency Condition)
 as a result of which a quorum of the Board of Directors cannot readily be convened for action (including by telephone)
 then in addition to any director or directors who are able and available
 the executive officers of the Company
 as and in the order designated in advance by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and approved by the Board of Directors
 who are able and available
 shall be deemed for all purposes to be directors to the extent required to constitute a quorum for any meeting of the Board of Directors during such Emergency Condition
 notwithstanding any limitations or other provisions contained in the Restated Certificate of Incorporation
&#32;&#32;If as a result of any Emergency Condition or due to his incapacitation
 the Chief Executive Officer is unable or unavailable to act
 then until the Chief Executive Officer becomes able and available to act or a new Chief Executive Officer is elected by the Board of Directors
 the officer of the Company
 as and in the order designated in advance by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and approved by the Board of Directors
&#32;&#32;During an Emergency Condition or during any time in which the Chief Executive Officer becomes unable or unavailable to act
 a meeting of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chairman of the Board of Directors
 the Lead Independent Director (if any) or the Chair of the Governance Committee.  If none of the foregoing is able and available
 then a meeting of the Board of Directors may be called by any director
 and if none are able and available to do so
 by any executive officer of the Company.  Such meeting shall be called by notice of the time and place given to such of the directors
 or officers serving as directors in accordance with this Article
&#32;&#32;During an Emergency Condition
 the Board of Directors (including those serving as directors pursuant to Section&#160;1 above) may take any acts in good faith deemed necessary and in the best interests of the Company
 including
 but not limited to
 changing the head office or designating several alternative head offices or regional offices of the Company
&#32;&#32;No officer or director shall be liable for any act taken in accordance with this Article during an Emergency Condition
&#32;&#32;To the extent not inconsistent with the provisions of this Article
With respect to any action arising out of any act or omission occurring after the adoption of this Article VIII of these By-laws
 unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum
 the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or
 if the Court of Chancery lacks jurisdiction
 the federal district court for the District of Delaware unless said court lacks subject matter jurisdiction
 in which case
 the Superior Court of the State of Delaware) shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company
 (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by any director
 officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or the Company&#8217;s stockholders
 (c) any action asserting a claim arising under any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law
 the Restated Certificate of Incorporation or these By-laws or (d) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine.  If any action the subject matter of which is within the scope of the preceding sentence is filed in a court other than a court located within the State of Delaware (a &#8220;Foreign Action&#8221;) in the name of any stockholder
These By&#8209;laws may be amended or repealed
 in whole or in part
 and new By&#8209;laws may be adopted
 either by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of the Common Stock and the Class&#160;B Common Stock voting together without regard to class
 given at any meeting of stockholders or by a consent
 or by the affirmative vote of two&#8209;thirds (calculated to the nearest whole number) of the total number of directors constituting the Board of Directors
 given at any meeting of directors or by a consent.














		


Below is a listing of our major subsidiaries
 their jurisdictions of incorporation
Hershey Canada
Hershey Chocolate of Virginia
CSH Foods
Krave Pure Foods
Ripple Brand Collective
Amplify Snack Brands
Hershey Caribe
Hershey (China) Investment Management Co.
Hershey Japan Co.
Hershey Philippines
Lotte Shanghai Foods Co.
LH Foods Co.
 Limited (50 % ownership)














		


(1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-225303) pertaining to the prospectus for the sale of Debt Securities of The Hershey Company
(2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-174123) pertaining to the Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan of The Hershey Company
(3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-143764) pertaining to the Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan of The Hershey Company
(4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-107706) pertaining to the Directors&#8217; Compensation Plan of Hershey Foods Corporation
(5) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-72100) pertaining to the 2001 Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement of Hershey Foods Corporation
(6) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-72112) pertaining to the Broad Based Stock Option Plan of Hershey Foods Corporation
(7) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-52509) pertaining to the Key Employee Incentive Plan of Hershey Foods Corporation
February&#160;22
 2019
December&#160;31
Philadelphia
February&#160;22
 2019














		


We We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (File No. 333-225303
 File No. 333-174123
 File No. 333-143764
 File No. 333-107706
 File No. 333-72112
 File No. 333-72100
 File No. 333-52509
 File No. 333-25853) on Forms S-3 and S-8 of The Hershey Company of our report dated February&#160;21
 2017
 except for the classification adjustments to the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows related to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update 2016-09
 
 described in Note 1
 as to which the date is February 27
 2018 and the classification adjustments related to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update 2017-07
 
 described in Note 1 as to which the date is May 25
 2018
 with respect to the related consolidated statements of income
 comprehensive income
 cash flows and stockholders&#8217; equity of The Hershey Company and subsidiaries for the year ended December&#160;31
 2016
 and the related notes and financial statement schedule
 which report appears in the December&#160;31
New York
February&#160;22
 2019














		


I
 Michele G. Buck
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
February&#160;22
 2019














		


I
 Patricia A. Little
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
February&#160;22
 2019














		


Pursuant to Section&#160;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
December&#160;31
&#32;(the &#8220;Report&#8221;) fully complies with the requirements of Section&#160;13(a) or 15(d)
 as applicable
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
February&#160;22
February&#160;22
A signed original of this written statement required by Section&#160;906
 or other document authenticating
 acknowledging
 or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section&#160;906
 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 









































        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 NET OTHER (INCOME) EXPENSE

        
        
        



 NET OTHER (INCOME) EXPENSE

        
        
        



 NET - SCHEDULE OF OTHER (INCOME) AND EXPENSE

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    














    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    


    

 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate






 State and Local Income Taxes



    

 Deduction
 Qualified Production Activity



    

 Nondeductible Expense
 Restructuring Charges



    

 Foreign Income Tax Rate Differential



    

 Tax Credit



    

 Tax Settlement
 Domestic



    

 Tax Contingency






Other Reconciling Items



    




    



 12-15
 Insurance Companies
 Summary of Investments


 12-15
 Insurance Companies
 Summary of Investments



    
    








    
    

















 12-15
 Insurance Companies
 Summary of Investments


 12-15
 Insurance Companies
 Summary of Investments



    












    

 Bargain Purchase
 Gain Recognized











    
    


    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    


    




    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Expected Future Benefit Payment



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payment



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payment



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payment



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payment



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payment



    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    






    
    












    


    
    










    

 Raw Materials



    

 Work in Process



    

 Finished Goods



    
    


    




    










    
    



 Including Discontinued Operation


 Including Discontinued Operation









    
    
    






    
    


    




    




    





 plant and equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    

 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant




 plant and equipment


 Plant and Equipment













    






    





















 Including Discontinued Operation


 Including Discontinued Operation



    




    








    

 Other Postretirement Defined Benefit Plan



    

 Defined Benefit Pension Plan



    






    










    

 Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment






 Defined Benefit Plan






 Cumulative Changes in Net Gain (Loss) from Cash Flow Hedges



    




    


    
    
    





 Sold


 Sold



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    

 Dividends
 Per Share



    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    

































 common sock
 cash


 Common Stock
 Cash


 Common Stock
 Cash



    





 shares


 Shares












 Shares


 Shares









































    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    



 Gain (Loss) on Derivative


 Gain (Loss) on Derivative



    
    


    
    


    




    
    





 Nonoperating







    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Inputs



    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    








    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period



    


    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    









 nonvested awards


 Nonvested Awards




 nonvested awards
 compensation cost not yet recognized


 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized
















 Options
 Grants in Period


 Options
 Grants in Period



    

 Options
 Exercises in Period




 nonvested awards
 compensation not yet recognized


 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Not yet Recognized




 by share based payment award
 equity instruments other than options
 performance score


 By Share Based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other Than Options
 Performance Score


 By Share Based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other Than Options
 Performance Score





    





 deferred restricted stock units













    
    








    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed




 property and equipment


 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    
    


    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Liabilities


 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Liabilities



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    



 Including Capitalized Interest


 Including Capitalized Interest



    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Investments
 Portion Recognized in Earnings



    


    






    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    

 Plant






 Plant





    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    














    
    


    

 Excluding Capitalized Interest



    




    

 Pension Plan with Accumulated Benefit Obligation in Excess of Plan Assets



    

 Plan with Accumulated Benefit Obligation in Excess of Plan Assets



    

 Plan with Accumulated Benefit Obligation in Excess of Plan Assets



    








    
    








    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    



 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups


 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups




 Including Discontinued Operation
 Property


 Including Discontinued Operation
 Property




 Including Discontinued Operation


 Including Discontinued Operation




 Including Discontinued Operation




 Including Discontinued Operation


 Including Discontinued Operation



    
    


    


    
    






    
    








    

 Inputs










 Current Maturities


 Current Maturities


 Current Maturities




 Excluding Current Maturities


 Excluding Current Maturities


 Excluding Current Maturities









    




    




    
    


    











 Shares









    
    














    

 Corporate



    
    


    
    








    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    





 Impact of Derivatives
 Unamortized Discount (Premium)
 and Debt Issuance Costs


 Impact of Derivatives
 Unamortized Discount (Premium)
 and Debt Issuance Costs



    


    
    





 Interest Rate



    
    



 Balance Sheet Location


 Balance Sheet Location



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    





 Cash Transfers Receivable (Payable)


 Cash Transfers Receivable (Payable)






 Cash Transfers Receivable (Payable)


 Cash Transfers Receivable (Payable)









    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Goods


 Goods














 Gain (Loss) on Derivative

    
    


    
    
    


    

 Expected Amortization of Gain (Loss)



    

 Expected Amortization of Prior Service Cost (Credit)



    


























    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation



    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation

















    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    










    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
























    


    


    


    




    




    
    








    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Assets



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    








    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    

 before Reclassifications



    




    

 Common Stock




 Value


 Value



    

 Share-based Compensation



    

 Value



    

 Value
 Acquired




 reclassification from aoci to retained earnings


 Reclassification From AOCI To Retained Earnings


 Reclassification From AOCI To Retained Earnings







    




    




    




    




    

 Benefit Obligation



    

 Benefit Obligation



    

 Benefit Obligation



    

 Benefit Obligation



    

 Benefit Obligation



    

 Benefit Obligation



    


    




    

 Plan Assets



    

 Plan Assets



    

 Plan Assets



    

 Plan Assets



    

 Plan Assets



    

 Plan Assets



    


    




    




    




    

 Defined Benefit Plan



    

 Defined Benefit Plan



    







 Defined Benefit Plan



    

 Defined Benefit Plan
 Gain (Loss)



    

 Defined Benefit Plan
 Prior Service Cost (Credit)



    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    

 Amortization Expense



    

 Amortization Expense



    

 Amortization Expense



    

 Amortization Expense



    

 Amortization Expense




 Plan Assets

    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    

 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits



    

 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals



    

 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits



    




    

 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits



    


    


    
    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    





 plant and equipment


 Property



    




    




    

 Deferred Expense
 Compensation And Benefits


 Deferred Expense
 Compensation And Benefits



    




    




    




    
    





 Net






 Net



    





 12-09




 12-09


 12-09




 12-09


 12-09




 12-09


 12-09



    

 12-09
 Allowance



    

 12-09
 Valuation Allowance



    

 12-09
 Reserve




 12-09


 12-09



    

 12-09
 Valuation Allowances and Reserves



    

 12-09
 Valuation Allowances and Reserves
 Additions



    

 12-09
 Valuation Allowances and Reserves
 Additions



    

 12-09
 Valuation Allowances and Reserves



    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    















 Expected Cost


 Expected Cost


 Expected Cost



    



 Expected Number of Positions Eliminated


 Expected Number of Positions Eliminated


 Expected Number of Positions Eliminated









    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
















    


    




    
    


    
    










    
    


    
    


    




    



 Estimate Deviation


 Estimate Deviation


 Estimate Deviation



    
    
    


    


    




    
    


    

 Impairment



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    








    




    




    




    




    




    
    




















    

 12-09




 Future Minimum Payments Due


 Future Minimum Payments Due




 Future Minimum Payments


 Future Minimum Payments




 Future Minimum Payments


 Future Minimum Payments




 Future Minimum Payments


 Future Minimum Payments




 Future Minimum Payments


 Future Minimum Payments




 Future Minimum Payments


 Future Minimum Payments




 Future Minimum Payments Due


 Future Minimum Payments Due







































    




    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    

 Fair Value Assumptions





    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    








    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Options


 Options



    

 Options
 Outstanding



    

 Options
 Grants in Period



    

 Options



    

 Options










 Options
 Exercisable




 Options
 Outstanding


 Options
 Outstanding



    

 Options
 Outstanding



    

 Options
 Grants in Period



    

 Options
 Exercises in Period



    

 Options
 Forfeitures in Period



    


    

 Options
 Exercisable






 Options
 Outstanding






 Options
 Exercisable



    

 Options
 Outstanding



    

 Options
 Exercisable



    
    


    
    














    
    
    


    
    



 change in tax rate


 Net Impact Change in Tax Rate and Mandatory Tax on Unremitted Foreign Earnings


 Net Impact Change in Tax Rate and Mandatory Tax on Unremitted Foreign Earnings




 measurement period adjustment


 Measurement Period Adjustment


 Measurement Period Adjustment



    
    


    




    




    




    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    
















    

 excluding those forecasted transactions related to the payment of variable interest on existing financial instruments
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months





    


    
    


    
    




    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans


 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans



    
    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans


 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans



    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans


 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans




 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range


 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range




 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range


 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range



    

 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range



    

 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Outstanding Options



    

 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Outstanding Options



    

 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range



    

 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Exercisable Options




 Non-Option Equity Instruments


 Non-Option Equity Instruments



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



    


    
    
    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested


 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



    
    
    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures



    


    








    
    









 Measurements


 Measurements



    

 Inputs




 Balance Sheet Grouping


 Balance Sheet Grouping



    
    


    




    





 Net



    


    




    





 plant and equipment



    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    


    




    
    


    




    
    


    


    


    
    


    







 Value



    

 Value



    
    


    
    



 at cost: 150
172
840 in 2018 and 149
040





    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    










    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    







 General and Administrative Expenses



    




    




    




    







 Plant and Equipment



    




    




    
    


    




    




    
    


    

















 Equity Interests Received
 Common Stock


 Equity Interests Received
 Common Stock


 Equity Interests Received
 Common Stock



    










    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    


    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Liabilities



    


    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Liabilities


 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Liabilities



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Liabilities



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 December 31



    


    

 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment
 Net of Tax




 December 31



    




    




    




    




    

 Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit)



    

 Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit)



    







 Defined Benefit Plan
 after Reclassification Adjustment



    

 Defined Benefit Plan
 Gain (Loss)
 after Reclassification Adjustment



    

 Defined Benefit Plan
 Prior Service Cost (Credit)
 after Reclassification Adjustment






 Defined Benefit Plan
 after Reclassification Adjustment



    

 Amount Recognized in Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit) and Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss



    






    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    




    




    









 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    
    









 plant and equipment


 Plant and Equipment











    
    


    



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Including Discontinued Operations





    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    



 other post-retirement plans

    
    









 Health Care Cost Trend Rate Assumed


 Health Care Cost Trend Rate Assumed























    




    




    











 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment






 Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment






 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment






 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Realized upon Sale or Liquidation




 pre-tax amount


 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Realized upon Sale or Liquidation






 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Realized upon Sale or Liquidation



    

 Defined Benefit Plan
 after Reclassification Adjustment






 Defined Benefit Plan
 Gain (Loss) Arising During Period






 Defined Benefit Plan
 Gain (Loss) Arising During Period






 Defined Benefit Plan
 Gain (Loss) Arising During Period




 reclassification from aoci to retained earnings
 pre tax effect


 Reclassification From AOCI To Retained Earnings
 Pre Tax Effect


 Reclassification From AOCI To Retained Earnings
 Pre Tax Effect




 reclassification from aoci to retained earnings
 tax effect


 Reclassification From AOCI To Retained Earnings
 Tax Effect


 Reclassification From AOCI To Retained Earnings
 Tax Effect




 reclassification from aoci to retained earnings


 Reclassification From AOCI To Retained Earnings


 Reclassification From AOCI To Retained Earnings






 Defined Benefit Plan
 Gain (Loss)
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI






 Defined Benefit Plan
 Gain (Loss)
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI






 Defined Benefit Plan
 Gain (Loss)
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI



    

 Cash Flow Hedge
 Gain (Loss)



    

 Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Arising During Period






 Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Arising During Period






 Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Arising During Period




 reclassification from aoci to retained earnings
 pre tax effect


 Reclassification From AOCI To Retained Earnings
 Pre Tax Effect


 Reclassification From AOCI To Retained Earnings
 Pre Tax Effect




 reclassification from aoci to retained earnings
 tax effect


 Reclassification From AOCI To Retained Earnings
 Tax Effect


 Reclassification From AOCI To Retained Earnings
 Tax Effect




 reclassification from aoci to retained earnings
 after tax


 Reclassification From AOCI To Retained Earnings
 After Tax


 Reclassification From AOCI To Retained Earnings
 After Tax






 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI on Derivatives






 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI on Derivatives






 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI on Derivatives





















    

 Net of Tax



    

 Net of Tax



    

 Net of Tax




 Gain (Loss)


 Gain (Loss)



    

 Gain (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income
 Effective Portion



    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    




    




    




    




    




    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    



 Basic
 by Common Class


 Basic
 by Common Class




 Basic
 by Common Class


 Basic
 by Common Class



    

 Basic



    
    


    




    

 Distributed and Undistributed Earnings (Loss)



    




    


    

 Diluted



    


    
    


    




    

 Distributed and Undistributed Earnings (Loss)



    
    
    


    
    


    




    


    
    


    




    





 Plan Assets


 Plan Assets




 Plan Assets


 Plan Assets



    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Government



    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Plan Assets












 shares











    
    
    


    





 shares


 Shares
 Share-based Compensation




 shares



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    














    
    


    
    









 covenant
 pre-tax income from operations to consolidated interest expense


 Covenant
 Pre-tax Income From Operations To Consolidated Interest Expense


 Covenant
 Pre-tax Income From Operations To Consolidated Interest Expense



    







 Weighted Average Interest Rate



    




    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    


    
    


    
    



 including real estate

    



 Plan Assets
 Target Allocation


 Plan Assets
 Target Allocation



    
    


    
    








    

 Impaired



    
    






    




    




    














    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    




    

 Stock Options



    

 Stock Options



    

 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans



    
    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options


 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost



    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost



    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost
































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 chart-10542548d08a5f86897.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#^_BBBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH







O]5OM5G^)GCBV_X0;1?#-U_9OC#1_&


M@OQ):VEGXF\#^
[70] \4QZ-K

M !!IFH:=J4Z2RI#ZS0 44F0/7\C_ (4M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11

M\6:CH/@34_BWHWPIA;P9#\1_!OCJQ\.:SX)\?Z=X&NO$\$?ZQ44 ?D%\9O!?



_#7
M@6ZO=

M)U70M
EO'U.UU&*'[/HHH _$/_@M'\/=.^/_!-/]N3X^_+Q3\6?AS\8?!_










ME)$9&&0RLI(.W110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!^/_ /P7V_Y0
MY_\ !0;_ +-Y\0?^GSP[7Z@?C_DF/P[_PQ%\'?^HUI=?E__P %]O\ E#G_
M 

M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %

)-(L_$NJ6:7%M:^?8:-<7<=_<B2XNX8K
M=(H&ENF





?AW_V(O@[_P!1K2Z_+_\



X XCXSS+*\/@

_A@:DLJRQ

MM3SZ/#O D



MEU_]A'XY!(T28MX3^)_[+WB@B) 3=@P7GQK\

M!1G28-$M(?\ !0S]CZ-BFJ?&2Q\


M\5/AQXD

US GFS6\0TW5[HR3PQ_O)84W21I\[JJ\UY6
X7
MXFRZ

M1MU^U%=-3TRBH(;FXA2XMY8[B09CF@83Q2#)&4DB+HXR58@$$'D&I0P/
M9OQ5A_



G YH
M _/G]BR/5=2^

GP)\+_





M -!RT_\ !(O_ 
M*/L?B'_H.6G_@D7_Y:5OT4 8'V/Q#_P!!RT_\$B__ TH
M^Q^(?^@Y:?\ @D7_ .6E;]% &!]C\0_]!RT_\$B__+2C['XA_P@Y:?^1?_
M ):5OT4 8'V/Q#_T'+3_ ,$B_P#RTH^Q^(?^@Y:?^1?_EI6_10!@?8_$/\

MJ



MYSJ1@EJY'TE]C\0_]!RT_P#!(O\ \M*/L?B'_H.6G_@D7_Y:5\V1_M)^/M:B
<5MWD

M!^&GQ^.'Q[\2?&6]U/PIXMT#X0?L]^$-.\):#\-O[,G_P$L_MO4O#WA_Q5

M-.&#4ZM1N
*--4'C?K?[RK.$&XX:4HJ3ER-1E;['@#P?PG'7&G#_  ;#Q
X
=*%&.

(C3HUHSK1HRJ*52





MP\^$[SQKN5F^







M^$

X.X?KOWDJ
ML+1D^'#8+P^6
Q4

MW21/J'@;]DGX;:%\(-

VF?:JM<6\44[1Y



S

2:K:I^R1^S=I^E:M=^$?V8OV;CXHBTK4C






OVU]-^)%I\47^*7[
YUZ/QB?&E]8Z-X@^*

M9E^+/@V*&?X


XX''XBME5/-L^KX^I0PF




M98#BFO3PZ4G]:QF59-B



 5FM=0L)KBSN(F!RLD

M&47=2BTFFFM&FK-/9[GP=6E5H5*E&M3G2JTIRIU:52

M2[W\V @Q2;VWH=QSY#J_['W[/'B%Y)/$'P&_9VUV25(8Y9-7^ 'PXOY)([?F

MVJ3]1PK5J?\ #JU8?X*DH_\ I+1\27G_  3W_9*NW:6']GSX*:+
TS3&;PK\

M)MS_ 
(=^T!^TUX8!MACR;8QZ7\=(H/LMF54V%J(A;V6T+;Q)'\E?


M]%RZM^ZW'X9-

MA\?\6TM.
@G'TK^FN\\




M8SHHW
P@%BQ^X% W%B_W0H )))  [UX)XR_:I_9N^']Q-I_BSXX__2M9@?
MRF\.KXST34O%

MCA*5:I9RT3Y;-Z'OU%?)O_#6VC:X\










GBG]M378%;2O@_\ L\^ PZK^]\6_&_QWXUOX
M@Z
=[Z/X1^#FA6
CQ;X_







MDB[].A\M7HYEB:TZV
E5E7JRO4JYAB8TJU23ZRGC*L)S;TU;;\S[/J.B@=^
M !SZTM?&,NK_ /!0#Q%)]AX)_9*^%-K*07.N?$#XO?&W5+5=[*?.TS0_ ?P

SJ92UN/\'OVQO$

^


PE.6NCG5K[?WL+1Q$/3W['V;N











Y4$H]NLD=PL?\)__ 




MCA1*;=YBC\$_:@_X):_\-A?![Q%\*_C_P#MC_M/^/H]3@.HZ+A_@YX2\$^

%]


MW97MI--;75M+'/!*\3JQ_P V'PO_ 




M6C0



M*GAN


;NG6C/WEI-^T3\=O
M K/'\9/V2O'KV

?V=_$VA?'OPTV$#/=-X7DA^'_P 888FPY\FR^&VM
MO&=L?G3
P)[GP'^V!^S9\1=7'AG0/BWX8T_QEYJP-X \;M?_  T^(J3



MA_&+]C#XKZ;;!9(O#_Q*_85\2:YHM[*H6-_M2W'[5NH_8))X][/=:;9++#
0

@XJSCB/%YE73U]AA.*
BP\N9
MQA&G96_0D


M7A2.3UW0K7_@KW\/O#]W#K.I?L(_M':A9V2R6-Q(OQK_ &=M?U*[WDS0WCV&
ME_%;PI(PC $$D-CH

TDA

)C&Y1Q
!#-;_'+]A[X?_E-
M.C+77B^;XP_&7Q_\-+^.(KNNT\9_!K]F+XK0^%;2Z4DPOXVM-'BLAE[ZY5(I


BE]


QK\1_$6LV*1:/\0-:\
M7:;


[ZOX72PD





MDS.5!*HL;.V

M0G4E&%.


M24VUI?310S&V
-GA8X6$+:N<ZL8I:MI'['4
M5_/OKG_!:[QK?)Y/A;]GKX0^Y)6B

UR
M


]E$(Y+NU\E[?^TN^'!6-C





GHHM@LKX0I*4

KROCOB?M:-/%\


\17%W8ZWXTT?2/$CKX.MO$

M@*^^)'@72?B'JH^&.I:6-'\$:CXJTBR\7ZJFJ2^/IX;)--T?4[IM3:X@L&
M@^T2PRI&$D]5_PI?[&/[47A#]CWQ-K_P -_P!E.7P1X!T'7-(\1_%Z]A^*

MVFS^'(-=\2V'\Q/[-?@SXP_$'X\_?PI\ _$_CWXOZAXX\/7G@/PM%I5IKE






1@ZL%BI5LQPU&EBJO-@*5*BJCQ\/]
F/



.H76C^_AG^TIXRO(@!!JM]\!?B+\-
M?$CEF7
GB+XF:%X:N/)!7+/9:)?R*I4B!R\8;OOA]\?/VC/AQX(T73_ (I?
M\$\_B3I.LZ?I=C#XFN/V7_%W[/GCSX=3Z_':QKJU[X/T#5?BK\._B(GAZXNX

X!+&*W\?WL
ML OGL/GJO)^TEX(\1177_P?V_\ XM6]K
C


M5=-RJVUAN53D#Z^P/?\ 
_XT8'O^9_QKM^O\17[OACBB3;5_;\:9742LE\*
MH\#8=IM[N3EHDDEK?YKVF_Z!L2_\6
IO\L%'=WZO?OJ?(G_  VE\-O^B9_M
M9?\ B&7[4G_SJ:/^&T?AM_T3/]K+_P 0R_:D_P#G4U]=X'O^9_QHP/?\S_C2

G]7?E;XR_X;5\-R
&-
^+OQ-T[PUX8U#PUX!T[



MXX\7^/-5L=


)F&7Y51R?\ MO)L-X@I8C#XG%3Q
M3I4
_;*_;8^-?[(&A^*]?^$OBS]I?Q?<_$CXF:
M7<_%WQK\4_@_\+_#$ECIFN06^FZ(-.M-1\8.V@1&2RNIU^&<4#LR/97VK*S

GQTU*V5CG9/::9X9^ NFR3(


SFKP]@7&BX6P=#
$%0.I5TBOOBQJ7Q
MWOEP-DP\N4.Z[
JJ.3]C'2-4GDF^('[1/[7GQ(28YGL]2_:#\3?#K3)P65


MGR!I'[ G['.E7?\ :%U^SY\/?&&I!@XU7XGV%[\7-6W@DB0ZK\4M0\8WYE!.


MM

M/
LUS#


M7&1Z

MX./K'QT\2K+EE

M7]KGX@
JYM-7\3^ _7[/WAJ53N999KK]H?QU\-O%6[1@2A[3P9?S;6V

M^R]\#[61P'N?B/\ %_XA?&OQ);QLVX2W'@[X;^ /AUX;


8(P^&D@A\0?%





MX;^&(@F.T2VD/@F*S:-?*%NL;.K?(O\ P4 _X(I?LK?M:_ 9?!/PF^'?PV_9


M:JQ]:OCIT[?OL-07U&AA\)BZL+QI8GZU7C3EI%PG*.(I?B5_P1N_X+SZMX(T

A0UOECL_*S_@C-_P $
M1M+_ &




*4B?Q%^UM\'?AZK'$UG\
M&OV6))K^)=D8S#X@^
?QF^(]E))YBL0\G@U$VE\PDO&+?[BHKX3^UY4[+#9=

M2R^E9N]O8X&.'I?^2:;+0?\ 8.3R=ZV7X?%RO?VF/B\PJW223]MCGB*MU;?G
M[GC_ (%_9[^ OPOF6?X:?!/X1_#R5I23P-\-?!7A*1GE[-LF@:'I\B[/)B
MVD/E?*CP?D7'KP4#IGZ%F(^@!) 'L!3J*\ZM7K8B;J5ZU6M4:LYU:DZDVEWE
M-MO[STJ-AAX*G0HTJ--;0I4X4X+_MV2_ 0*J_=55^@ _E2T45D:A1110 F

M


/ NB?#23X8PW?P\\=^#-%L)]/C@\=:1Y-SJOBFX%

G(R3
M@ 9/8 =!2JJKD@ $XR0 
XSC. 

9P?1JXNOE?!
MT\)*&7Y35Q






_%Y\W2



/[

MM%TC4;J9=


7X-TH
MU:6)6'J4N6AA9T,)A\7.4\'YIJ?A'_@M)XU5%F^,G[ 'P.MI?LYD7P1\)/C%
M\9-<LXW:1KJ./4/'OCOP7HUY<6J&.5]#MX+YS-))%8 1J/.-3_ &$_^DW
MCP+_ 

%
OLK0JX;@;@QXVEYTLSQ&1
M5\SIRT7OQQBG=7YC]=AA)1:E+&YA.:M:I#%U

E\&_P#!!_\ 8'\)3+<3_#'XO^*KG:XDNO$/QVUF



MHN/A=\*=1O
3&
R)]MU/2;R[
1\J)5B
WEQI&B1JB*%K[)HKPHYQFT*?L8YI
MF

5-WEB:^$P]7$2;UO*M4I



M




M(Q&
1Q^ _P!L3XS3:9'M

KBW/[I-K




MN/%#



E$'
MC?7?&WP?N-S*T'QS^#WQI^#:Q
K2!EEU+Q[\.=&T)&01EW(U=D2
AW=0)-GW




M]/U*U_MC5[;^ACXQ?LN?L]?'[PUXE\*_%[X._#SQSIGBO1=5T+5I]:\)Z)+K

R37TG@'XGW




PE#




%\?CE

-3:LZ&!DL!



MMMZW9ZD8QC%1C%1C%)**2225DDDM$DDK=K&!_:FK_P#0NW/_ (
M*_\ DJC^
MU-7_ .A=N?\ P9:5_P#)5;]%(HP/[4U?_H7;G_P9:5_\E4?VIJ__ $+MS_X
MM*_^2JWZ* 

#^U-7_Z
M%VY_\&6E?_)5']J:O_T+MS_X
M*_^2JWZ* 
#^U-7_Z%VY_\&6E?_)5']J:O

M
M*_\ DJM^B@# _M35_P#H7;G_ 
&6E?\ R51_:FK_ /0NW/\ X
M*_P#DJM^B

E4?VIJ_P#T+MS_ .#+
M2O\ Y*K?HH P/[4U?_H7;G_P9:5_\E4?VIJ__0NW/_@RTK_Y*K?HH P/[4U?
M_H7;G_P9:5_\E4?VIJ__ $+MS_X
M*_^2JWZ* 


M4444 ?C_ /\ !?;_ )0Y_P#!0;_LWGQ!_PGSP[7Z@?C_DF/P[_ .Q%\'?^
MHUI=?E__ 

M@4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M2$ ]1_GW]1['BEHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** /Q_P#^^W_ AS_P@W_9O/B#_P!/
MGAVOU ^%'_)

M]0/A1_R3'X=_]B+X._\ 4:TN@#TBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH







VFZC8)%]3?Y_.OGSX&? :U^$.K_&;QOJFO?\)=\3/V
M@/B5;_$_XG^)XM)70=+N-5TCP%X


Y5/FC=6QG(S@@$$#\V/^^

M/^-&![_F?\: 
_P9_P : 
'_ (2G0/\ H)P?]\R__&Z/^$IT#_H)P?\ ?
O_ 


M^-&![_F?\: 

M

MW_
_YG_&@#!_X2G0/^@G!_P!\R_\ QNC_ (2G0/\ H)P?]\R__&ZWL#W_
M #/^-&![_F?\: ,'_A*= _Z<'_?
O\ \;H_X2G0/^@G!_WS+_\ &ZWL#W_
M_P-&![_ )G_ !H P?\ A*= _P@G!_WS+_\;H_X2G0/^@G!_P!\R_\ QNM[
M ]_S/^-&![_F?\: 
_P9_P : 
'_ (2G0/\ H)P?]\R__&Z/^$IT#_H)P?\ ?
O_ 
;K

M]_S/^-&![_F?\: 

M/?\ 

MZWL#W_
_YG_&@#!_X2G0/^@G!_P!\R_\ QNC_ (2G0/\ H)P?]\R__&ZW
ML#W_ #/^-&![_F?\: ,'_A*= _Z<'_?
O\ \;H_X2G0/^@G!_WS+_\ &ZWL
M#W_
_P-&![_ )G_ !H P?\ A*= _P@G!_WS+_\;H_X2G0/^@G!_P!\R_\
MQNM[ ]_S/^-&![_F?\: 
_P9_P : 
'_ (2G0/\ H)P?]\R__&Z/^$IT#_H)P?\ ?
O_
M 

MNM[ ]_S/^-&![_F?\: 

6HPO+
Z1QH%ER\CL%11F
#+
0!D@9-


M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** /
MQ_\ ^^W_*'/_@H-_P!F\^(/_3YX=K]0/A1_R3'X=_\ 8B^#O_4:TNOR_P#^
M^W_ AS_P@W_9O/B#_P!/GAVOU ^%'_)
?AW_ -B+X._]1K2Z /0****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB




MFWX






MN/\ P=^(/_EM1_PK'P7_ - NX_\ !WX@_P#EM0!WN1[_ )'_  HR/?\ (_X5
MP7_L?!?_0+N/_!WX@_^6U'_  K'P7_T[C_ 

M\*
CW_(_X5P7_L?!?\ T[C_P '?B#_ .6U'_L?!?_ $[C_P=^(/_ );4




BW'BM[+49(;7PW_
M 
)C+X0@\_53'II\03^'X&8W\VGHP!]M9'O^1_PHR/?\C_A7 CX8^#
#.EW'
M0?\ 

M?\*X+_A6/@O_ *!=Q_X._$'_ 






M?_0+N/\ P=^(/_EM0!WN1[_D?\*


MX\5R?S1/%UQXT7Q5\&I=-B\'WOBW4?$!M+7XZ?#*\UN2TMM.OKF\:WATVU
M2?5FBB
:Z)'J1O3_ &=]L!^Y4S@YS]Y^OIO;'X8QCVQCB@!U%%% !1110 44




MP/)%XDDT^/3-:T7XDZ-I%E)XNU#PS=6VL6NI?VS:Z3I\$=[* ?0-%?-_[-7Q




];\-?M9?$?6_A7X?U


6D.N







M2$7TGB'B3_@HW\&=*T+4O&^A:1XL\4?#CP/\ /@Y^U#\8_&%M8QZ4?A7\%OC



MAZ_H6G^


M5$M+)+N]LK/[1-&;N]M+82W
7Y^:)_P40TFQT[XNZ-\8/@7\4/@W\8_A1\0?



K



T'G(%27R9

?BY^UQJOP:^



M^B:_9^#/B[\2OCC\'?@U\2IWL9] ^(GQ(_9U?Q6GQ+T6SL+2274=)L9E^'WQ


MU[6[.T\

MO]HZVF^#EM\=6^)


=#^'MM8^(



M1OBO\+/%?[



+WP7Y?AK2;






6?
]




MD6NG_9U%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444



M?AZRF

M=!_L._\ 0K_'7_Q


+(\;^)/!&L
M^&/&_AG2M1TZ9AX0\'V&KZ7?ZW97']N^*U72)M-T6_\ Z$O^'0?[#O\ T*_Q

)A\9
M6SG 3K4Z

M.N7V&*KX.ADN/A1J5Z?O2O6A*H[5?8THU(H_34
&Z!N/567_ - S^%

M2'Z9U1+V33=0331:G46LKM; 7QF6R-ZUO(MJ+QK97N%M3.8_M#0(\PBWF)6?



M/;4QZS^SE^R+\1OA-\8];\8_$'6_@_\ $'PQ::9J6I?#;Q(O@_Q?!\:O!'B'




M\%!?@C^V1X5^(.J^ [Z[\3^&?!WP=\;_ +/WB\_#.?QL0\0-JFOVWP'_P$

M\8^$?B./A_XNM_BEXP^!?PK^*WCOXN67@CXJ:GJ?B36]&N_&=MK'CS4;&QU+

@U;Q+H^L0^)_BA

M)KFH^)M






MN;FS@M[NU\8-X3UR$:






M_P +H=)U:_N=*TK4Y?B%X/CT_4M4LO%-OX&O--T^]?65MKV_M?&MU:^$+FSM

.J1^)/AK:7OQJ\#_ +5-MJWA

MQX@\;F'0)9'L)^+^)?[#_C_Q-\8OB3\.Y=(\%:OX)_:4\#_M]2:[XOO_  !X
MDU3PO\

M8+:[U8 _7BY^*OPRL[[Q#IEW\1/ MKJ7A*32(O%6GW/B_P .P7WAJ7Q!?V^E









J /
MQ-?G&W_!*/\ 8Q=G=O#7QL4O)(^!^UY^UL0 TC
H!?XVNYPI'+N[GJ[


M49..



EKXBO?%OPK^'6IFYB37?@!)\2O%WB/XN:9IM
MSIOA77-!U?5KWP-H^D6O@VT\(IX.^T?@;^SW8_L__!2V\)_#O0?AOH?Q6F^'








N GQ*\ 
QU36]

MOPMXRU0Q_K)X7BUZ#PWH$/BG^P_^$EBT73(_$)\



MP0^)OP#^$_CK6'L?%7[1'C#5?!W@F)1%Y-K=Z9I$E['?ZT9)8Y;/3-3UN;0_
M&FWQ2_:?$?B+3+4*(ENYK?Z-$BD9P__?N3]?EZ^M?Q^?M0_P#!*#]N?XB_





;.52\?=E3K95@(PA;F?.JLW=1C[.TG*/\ 
W$6!XP
MN%HSX4XFXLSO&RQCB



M)([2T\X_;1_9&U#]K'3K7P_?P_#46VB:9;W_ 
*?'^I:9XIT7XT_LX?&2+4K





-CJFF:+XOUOPG)?7]G)=WVIV?CG^R1I7[2




6TEC MCJL&K7VG7JV%K??'?QH_8






?*^'WQ$U_Q?
M\:=;U[7/#GQ%TSQ


M\
-:A\1Z?K.GZ;)8K?Z1+;_;([B=K?S7]GO]KO2_CYX(TOXIO\+?'/PK^%6N



-=M]9N]8&GWWC30/B'HLVI:)I\VJ6_AO5-
M.U.UL=4UK3Y+&5?._AA_P3ZU/X6?LH?#WX2^%M7^&N@?&KP'\3?AE\5M9\?^







YP
XQG'..N

M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 A 8$

   = . /PHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 

 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntitySmallBusiness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityShellCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=hsy_HersheyCommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_RestructuringChargesBusinessRealignment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNonoperatingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=hsy_HersheyCommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTranslationAdjustmentTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIRealizedUponSaleOrLiquidationBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIRealizedUponSaleOrLiquidationTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIRealizedUponSaleOrLiquidationNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_TaxCutsandJobsActReclassificationFromAOCIToRetainedEarningsPreTaxEffectPensionandPostretirementBenefitPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_TaxCutsandJobsActReclassificationFromAOCIToRetainedEarningsTaxEffectPensionandPostretirementBenefitPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_TaxCutsandJobsActReclassificationFromAOCIToRetainedEarningsAfterTaxPensionandPostretirementBenefitPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetGainLossTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetGainLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_TaxCutsandJobsActReclassificationFromAOCIToRetainedEarningsPreTaxEffectCashFlowHedges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_TaxCutsandJobsActReclassificationFromAOCIToRetainedEarningsTaxEffectCashFlowHedges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_TaxCutsandJobsActReclassificationFromAOCIToRetainedEarningsAfterTaxCashFlowHedges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedIncomeTaxesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=hsy_HersheyCommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=hsy_HersheyCommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxesAndTaxCredits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostsAndAssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherThanTemporaryImpairmentLossesInvestmentsPortionRecognizedInEarningsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationBargainPurchaseGainRecognizedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherOperatingActivitiesCashFlowStatement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedTaxesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingCapitalNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfBusinesses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_RepaymentofTaxReceivableObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividendsCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_TaxCutsandJobsActReclassificationFromAOCIToRetainedEarningsTaxEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=hsy_HersheyCommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MergersAcquisitionsAndDispositionsDisclosuresTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesAndFairValueTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_FAIRVALUEMEASUREMENTSAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementInputsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationsAndDisposalGroupsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringImpairmentAndOtherActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfOtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalBalanceSheetDisclosuresTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessDescriptionAndBasisOfPresentationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfSalesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketableSecuritiesPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InternalUseSoftwarePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNewAccountingPronouncementsAndChangesInAccountingPrinciplesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=hsy_PirateBrandsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=hsy_AmplifySnackBrandsInc.Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=hsy_RippleBrandCollectiveLLCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeAndInterestExpenseDisclosureTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsInStatementOfFinancialPositionFairValueTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsGainLossInStatementOfFinancialPerformanceTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_FAIRVALUEMEASUREMENTSAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnNonrecurringBasisTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCarryingValuesAndEstimatedFairValuesOfDebtInstrumentsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsIncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestructuringReserveByTypeOfCostTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfFairValueOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetBenefitCostsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAmountsInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossToBeRecognizedOverNextFiscalYearTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectOfOnePercentagePointChangeInAssumedHealthCareCostTrendRatesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAllocationOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCompensationCostForShareBasedPaymentArrangementsAllocationOfShareBasedCompensationCostsByPlanTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_ScheduleofSharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherthanOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_AllocationOfNetDerivativeGainsLossesFromEconomicHedgesToOperatingResultsOfReportingSegmentsTableTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReconciliationOfOtherSignificantReconcilingItemsFromSegmentsToConsolidatedTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsByGeographicalAreasTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomersByProductsAndServicesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCommonStockOutstandingRollForwardTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfStockholdersEquityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsForCapitalLeasesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndOtherExpenseDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_ScheduleofSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_NumberOfBrandNames'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_NumberOfCountriesWhereBrandsAreMartketedSoldAndDistributed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfReportableSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_PromotionalCostsEstimateDeviationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_UnsettledAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidAdvertising'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideRevenueMajorCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=hsy_McLaneCompanyInc.Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideRevenueMajorCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PercentageOfLIFOInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LIFOInventoryAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_CapitalLeasedAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SoftwareAndSoftwareDevelopmentCostsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SoftwareAndSoftwareDevelopmentCostsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SoftwareAndSoftwareDevelopmentCostsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_TaxCutsandJobsActof2017ReclassificationfromAOCItoRetainedEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_RestructuringChargesBusinessRealignment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201707Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_RestructuringChargesBusinessRealignment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=hsy_AccountingStandardsUpdate201609ExcessTaxBenefitComponentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201602Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201602Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CumulativeEffectOfNewAccountingPrincipleInPeriodOfAdoption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=hsy_PirateBrandsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedTrademarksGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedCustomerRelationshipsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_ScenarioForecastMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=hsy_PirateBrandsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredandLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_BusinessAcquisitionEquityInterestsReceivedCommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=hsy_AmplifySnackBrandsInc.Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionSharePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedTrademarksGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedCustomerRelationshipsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=hsy_AmplifySnackBrandsInc.Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCashAndEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredandLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredandLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNoncurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=hsy_RippleBrandCollectiveLLCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCashAndEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_OtherIntangibleAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=hsy_RippleBrandCollectiveLLCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=hsy_RippleBrandCollectiveLLCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=hsy_RippleBrandCollectiveLLCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationBargainPurchaseGainRecognizedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=hsy_ShanghaiGoldenMonkeyFoodJointStockCo.Ltd.Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPercentageOfVotingInterestsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationBargainPurchaseGainRecognizedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillWrittenOffRelatedToSaleOfBusinessUnit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillWrittenOffRelatedToSaleOfBusinessUnit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillWrittenOffRelatedToSaleOfBusinessUnit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelatedIntangibleAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_PatentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtWeightedAverageInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumAmountOutstandingDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_CommercialPaperMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtWeightedAverageInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_DebtInstrumentCovenantPretaxIncomeFromOperationsToConsolidatedInterestExpenseMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_DebtInstrumentImpactofDerivativesUnamortizedDiscountPremiumandDebtIssuanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfOtherLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCorporateDebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCorporateDebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCorporateDebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCorporateDebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCorporateDebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCorporateDebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCorporateDebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCorporateDebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCorporateDebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCorporateDebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCorporateDebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCorporateDebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCorporateDebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCorporateDebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCorporateDebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCorporateDebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCorporateDebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCorporateDebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCorporateDebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCorporateDebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCorporateDebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCorporateDebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCorporateDebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCorporateDebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtByMaturityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestCostsCapitalizedAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNonoperatingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowHedgeGainLossToBeReclassifiedWithinTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_CommodityContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_CommodityContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_CommodityContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_ForeignExchangeContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_MinimumLengthofTimeHedgedinCashFlowHedge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MaximumLengthOfTimeHedgedInCashFlowHedge1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_ForeignExchangeContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_ForeignExchangeContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_InterestRateContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_InterestRateContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_EquitySwapMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_EquitySwapMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_EquitySwapMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_InterestRateSwapMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInFairValueOfHedgedItemInInterestRateFairValueHedge1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_HedgingDesignationAxis=us-gaap_DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_HedgingDesignationAxis=us-gaap_DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_HedgingDesignationAxis=us-gaap_NondesignatedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_HedgingDesignationAxis=us-gaap_NondesignatedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_DerivativeAssetCashTransfersReceivablePayableChangeInQuotedMarketPricesOnTheLastDayOfTrading'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_DerivativeLiabilityCashTransfersReceivablePayableChangeInQuotedMarketPricesOnTheLastDayOfTrading'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_HedgingDesignationAxis=us-gaap_NondesignatedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_HedgingDesignationAxis=us-gaap_NondesignatedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsGainLossNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_CommodityContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsGainLossNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_ForeignExchangeContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsGainLossNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_InterestRateContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsGainLossNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_EquitySwapMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsGainLossNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_HedgingDesignationAxis=us-gaap_DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_HedgingDesignationAxis=us-gaap_DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_HedgingDesignationAxis=us-gaap_DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_HedgingDesignationAxis=us-gaap_DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_HedgingDesignationAxis=us-gaap_DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_LongtermDebtCurrentMaturitiesFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_LongtermDebtExcludingCurrentMaturitiesFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=hsy_MarginforGrowthProgramMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueNetAssetLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfBusinesses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=us-gaap_FacilityClosingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=hsy_TyrrellsandShanghaiGoldenMonkeySGMMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfBusinesses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_LicensingAgreementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=hsy_MarginforGrowthProgramMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=hsy_OperationalOptimizationProgramMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeSeveranceMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeSeveranceMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=hsy_AcceleratedDepreciationandAmortizationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=hsy_AcceleratedDepreciationandAmortizationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=us-gaap_OtherRestructuringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=us-gaap_OtherRestructuringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=us-gaap_OtherRestructuringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=us-gaap_FacilityClosingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_CostOfSalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_RestructuringChargesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=hsy_MarginforGrowthProgramMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostCostIncurredToDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_RestructuringandRelatedCostExpectedNumberofPositionsEliminatedPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=hsy_MarginforGrowthProgramMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostCostIncurredToDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=hsy_MarginforGrowthProgramMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostCostIncurredToDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=hsy_OperationalOptimizationProgramMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=hsy_OperationalOptimizationProgramMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=hsy_OperationalOptimizationProgramMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=hsy_OperationalOptimizationProgramMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=hsy_ProductivityInitiative2015Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostCostIncurredToDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedNumberOfPositionsEliminated'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=hsy_ProductivityInitiative2015Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_RestructuringChargesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_RestructuringChargesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_RestructuringChargesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_RestructuringChargesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_RestructuringandRelatedCostExpectedCostCashPortion'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_RestructuringandRelatedCostExpectedCostCashPortion'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_RestructuringChargesBusinessRealignmentReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRestructuring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveAccrualAdjustment1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesDomestic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesForeign'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredForeignIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxContingencyLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_TaxCutsandJobsActof2017NetImpactChangeinTaxRateandMandatoryTaxonUnremittedForeignEarningsIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_TaxCutsandJobsActof2017MeasurementPeriodAdjustmentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantChangeInUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIsReasonablyPossibleAmountOfUnrecordedBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UndistributedEarningsOfForeignSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxCreditsAndAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOtherThanTemporaryImpairment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxContingencyLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOtherThanTemporaryImpairment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetOfValuationAllowanceAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsPostretirementBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsDerivativeInstruments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsPensions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_DeferredTaxAssetLeasingArrangements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_DeferredTaxAssetTaxDeferredExpenseAccruedTradePromotionReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsCapitalLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDeferredExpenseCapitalizedInventoryCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsPensions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComponentsOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseRestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCredits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxSettlementsDomestic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherReconcilingItemsPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsExcludingAmountsPertainingToExaminedTaxReturnsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromSettlementsWithTaxingAuthorities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_NumberofDefinedBenefitOtherPostretirementPlansandDefinedContributionOtherPostretirementPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_DefinedBenefitPlansMinimumFutureEmployerContributionsinNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_SupplementalEmployeeRetirementPlanDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanHealthCareCostTrendRateAssumedNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanUltimateHealthCareCostTrendRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAfterTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAmendments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanCurtailments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangesBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligationBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssetsForPlanBenefitsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAfterTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesAfterTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditAfterTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAmendments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanCurtailments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangesBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligationBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssetsForPlanBenefitsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAfterTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesAfterTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditAfterTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateProjectedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToCurtailments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToSettlements1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmountRecognizedInNetPeriodicBenefitCostAndOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToCurtailments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToSettlements1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmountRecognizedInNetPeriodicBenefitCostAndOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedAmortizationOfGainLossNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCreditNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedAmortizationOfGainLossNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCreditNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointDecreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointDecreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_DomesticPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_DomesticPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_DomesticPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_DomesticPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsMeasuredatNetAssetValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsMeasuredatNetAssetValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsMeasuredatNetAssetValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsMeasuredatNetAssetValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsMeasuredatNetAssetValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsMeasuredatNetAssetValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsMeasuredatNetAssetValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsMeasuredatNetAssetValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsMeasuredatNetAssetValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsMeasuredatNetAssetValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsMeasuredatNetAssetValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardIntrinsicValueOfShareBasedLiabilitiesPaidCombinedWithFairValueOfSharesVested'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsPerformanceScorePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsPerformanceScorePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=hsy_PerformanceStockUnitsandRestrictedStockUnitsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_DeferredCompensationArrangementwithIndividualConversionBasis'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceRollforward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeAxis=hsy_ExercisePriceRangeOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfExercisableOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeAxis=hsy_ExercisePriceRangeTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfExercisableOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeAxis=hsy_ExercisePriceRangeThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfExercisableOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeAxis=hsy_ExercisePriceRangeFourMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfExercisableOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsPerformanceAssumptionChange'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsPerformanceAssumptionChangeWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=hsy_PerformanceSharesAndRestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=hsy_NorthAmericaSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideRevenueMajorCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideRevenueMajorCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_NetGainLossOnCommodityDerivativePositionsReclassifiedFromUnallocatedDerivativeGainsLossesToSegmentIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_ScenarioForecastMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideRevenueMajorCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_NetGainLossOnCommodityDerivativePositionsReclassifiedFromUnallocatedDerivativeGainsLossesToSegmentIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_CostOfSalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideRevenueMajorCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_CumulativeAmountofMarktoMarketLossesonCommodityDerivatives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNonoperatingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_CorporateNonSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_MaterialReconcilingItemsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetImpairment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationIntegrationRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_CommodityContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_NetMarktoMarketValuationofCertainDerivativePositionsRecognizedinUnallocatedDerivativeGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_CommodityContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_NetGainLossOnCommodityDerivativePositionsReclassifiedFromUnallocatedDerivativeGainsLossesToSegmentIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_HedgingDesignationAxis=us-gaap_NondesignatedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_CorporateNonSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_US'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=us-gaap_NonUsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=hsy_ConfectioneryandConfectionerybasedPortfolioMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=hsy_SnacksPortfolioMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_CommonandPreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_NoncontrollingInterestMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=hsy_HersheyCommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_CommonStockNumberofVotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_DividendsCommonStockCashAdditionalPercentageOverClassBCommonStockDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_CommonStockVotingRightsBoardElectionPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=hsy_HersheyCommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_CommonStockNumberofVotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConversionOfStockSharesConverted1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_CommonStockVotingPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=hsy_HersheyTrustCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockAcquiredAverageCostPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharebasedCompensationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_ShareRepurchaseProgramAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharebasedCompensationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=hsy_HersheyCommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_ShareRepurchaseProgramAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=hsy_HersheyTrustCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_ShareRepurchaseProgramAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MovementInMinorityInterestRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_NoncontrollingInterestMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MovementInMinorityInterestRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFirstAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnSecondAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnThirdAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFourthAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFifthAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityNumberOfEmployees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_EntityNumberofPartTimeEmployees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_WorkforceSubjectToCollectiveBargainingArrangementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityNumberOfEmployees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_WorkforceSubjectToCollectiveBargainingArrangementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=hsy_HersheyCommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicTwoClassMethodAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Dividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UndistributedEarningsLossAllocatedToParticipatingSecuritiesBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ParticipatingSecuritiesDistributedAndUndistributedEarningsLossBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedTwoClassMethodAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ParticipatingSecuritiesDistributedAndUndistributedEarningsLossBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DistributedEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UndistributedEarningsLossAllocatedToParticipatingSecuritiesDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ParticipatingSecuritiesDistributedAndUndistributedEarningsLossDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributabletoDilutiveEffectofConversionofCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=hsy_HersheyCommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedTwoClassMethodAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=hsy_HersheyCommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedTwoClassMethodAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicTwoClassMethodAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Dividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UndistributedEarningsLossAllocatedToParticipatingSecuritiesBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ParticipatingSecuritiesDistributedAndUndistributedEarningsLossBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedTwoClassMethodAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ParticipatingSecuritiesDistributedAndUndistributedEarningsLossBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DistributedEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UndistributedEarningsLossAllocatedToParticipatingSecuritiesDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ParticipatingSecuritiesDistributedAndUndistributedEarningsLossDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributabletoDilutiveEffectofConversionofCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedTwoClassMethodAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedTwoClassMethodAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_SummaryOfInvestmentsOtherThanInvestmentsInRelatedPartiesReportableDataLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOtherThanTemporaryImpairment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_DefinedBenefitPlanNonServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationBargainPurchaseGainRecognizedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_OtherNonoperatingGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=hsy_ShanghaiGoldenMonkeyFoodJointStockCo.Ltd.Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_SummaryOfInvestmentsOtherThanInvestmentsInRelatedPartiesReportableDataLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationBargainPurchaseGainRecognizedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcessNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoodsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FIFOInventoryAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLIFOReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_PrepaidExpensesandOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Land'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BuildingsAndImprovementsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_OtherMiscellaneousAssetsNonCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedMarketingCostsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlanLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPensionPlanLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_hsy_OtherMiscellaneousLiabilitiesNonCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCumulativeChangesInNetGainLossFromCashFlowHedgesEffectNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=hsy_HersheyCommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_AllowanceForCreditLossMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceOfDeferredTaxAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_InventoryValuationReserveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'



E9.D *D6.X    K @  $0   &1O8U!R;W!S+V-O



M$P   'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX;6SM6EMSVC@4?N^OT'AG]FT+QC:!MK03
X%<R)!%!,!FGK_# J5
7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%,O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S

YV?/;$[9^
RMIT-&T:









M2^JVE+ZU)CA*]+'







N2D5SJT^.7]%+(.&3E[2
M)1(4BK 


W)#V%0E\Z[:)@N%


+$CN'MB[\!
&ULC5=_;YLP$/TJB ]0[#,_DBJ)U#2:-FF3JD[;_G83)T$%G(&3
M=-]^QE!*N7/5?P(V[]WSF7OFLKCJ^KDY*F6E[*HFF5X-.9T&T7-]JA*V=SH



[L]

/ D )K '1X;W /4:(]X@-1L3T$@29HW!T
M
:(G-#TFZ;&CQR-Z.MDBC
AH@8042!!]-A'H$(E#5-T&9)Q[WD-*BJ1(9#X1
MP0C.:(6
5

\52$PG@.%TX;GV/$P/5




/K4M^W1\-]A
M]1]02P

M8%H#T]? M@:VKX%K#5Q? ]\:^+X&H34(?0U O

MR;@1UD&IUUF579Z7Q=N@;!;;+JO7-)Q%J^B\OGK0_N''J-9]O/IZJ?3Y^+5V



M



#&H@E

M6APWQ4!HC9/\DN&L







MF+1
Z(R.D^1N8R_LFL4LSOS3?MA-/^RV'S;C








M971S+W-H965T
RYX;6R-F5UOXE80AO\*XCZ+9\ZG(X(40%4KM=)JJ[;7#IP$


IF
MTR(_C8KSSWO



MR]H2F_.SQ'1L


X/5

X/#Q%#[ H:$3C6Q&C*K$M;!7&:L'9H8*&

MZ$*2H=4IO6X4=1!_M@'C

M+G(42H(&O$N&?BH92LBA1
W
D5/$.

MJJ3O5V82WL$D%ABZ FU$%2@M=+4L7![!59W!G/_28C,)'4'DY0(&WKQM9!D
MRALZ+P29,SA 4B4#2=T!),41@CZEXT)006)H9:[,&G9F L*YE'IGKE+9(

M]9HU.!=ZB%=2])FJH'
 !H:LRT!4'(@IO6!2PH
]9VDI%Y(


M:)6_'ZKZ



M+GAM;(V8;6_B1A#'OPKB_1T[
_L8$:15;52*YVN:OO:4Y !YC:3KA^^ZX-
M061F-KHWP7;^L_O?!_]FO/-3TW[K-G7=3[[O=X?N?KKI^^/=;-8];NI]U7UN



MNFUSF+3UT_WT)[A;63

M\L]KO:IWNZ&E[./?2Z/3:Y]#X.WU6^N_C(//@WFHNGK5[/[9KOO-_31.)^OZ
MJ7K9]5^;TZ_U94!N.KF


M49[
Q^'A.'?C__)HN_ST=9'\?/8ZM'.1+



]Z5W*ZF&DF*(=;1

M$NB20O()7&%30X&BH'@2' 6Y'@Y3Y

M40CD91!
7MJ&
6%

6%= BAS]*A'[R'J)'
5.:TJ*/H?01J^.6%-PBYS])
MBGXBYX
@FRH$K;PTI*.6U)PRV=@29*B0D&OOE6BC#7VD2%344Z;4FA+?(4



UU0SA($A03:O&WQ1V;R\V!;\J5C6P%YZ\UC45


M1F\%/ROHY&3NF20'SE_



M=1M&



-);U-*
MCDX(Q&0K(


M^Z




#8TH!;
M?

Z+!0Z8E.





M.*%  8


M








&)TS)QS1D&

MD\?

'D6




#!N'9/Z[$3+@':'N

K:1
RY

M%)-#X-+BC#7*)89*B OD1RAB!T5[

M&2A)!I5%Y%HP(=?;4GJ+R00=,:%\5B/WX[P&,\S(40H1&51N3*H3UJ4O7'
M![$XHE0S) @


M5

I*5:O=O7;!0-0DSMH&NF^_
MMF

MS@Z3 C(^)7N/5@3!K105N1?X?N(5

M\M#9WHS=L1*WC!^%Y/E=NCZ(B&4HPT3'B_G- $Y;EPQ-/XHWRZ34@AO!U?
MO
_DVOE:WB!%$YS_SK;L
'2[KK-%.WC
V0L^+Y!:3^PZ:O%K=$(YQT4F/
8&
MYU3^.YLC9;A07G@J!?RHKUDIK^?Z3IHJF5D0*$'0'CLKP2A$H170?2E(%*




&UL=5-A;]P@#/TKB!]0[DC65:<D4J_3U$F;=.JT]3.7. DJA S(I?OW
M,R1-TS;[ MCX/3\;DXW&/KD6P)-GK3J7T];[_L8*UO0PEV9'CJ\J8W5PJ-I


7P5LU\B&+(O*?A6BB/_ .?;\&1381+AR1N%_\F?;A*D

/8LLW+OX!4$L#!!0





(3S\IO-PFR#8)LDB0
M?2*X^E+B5LSUER1DU5


2YX
M;6QM4V%OW ,_2N('U 2[KK=3DFD7JMJDS;IU&G=9RYQ$E2(,R7[M\/2)IE

MHH'OX'[T9^
MMK!44D-G)7;$0)W3N_1XVH?X&/ L8;2K
PF57!!?@O&ERFD2

S@2
_6^%^&)TR/WO2F#
[8BWGGQUGNO!4\.
M&;L&HCGF-
7P54RZ1##/OJ3@6RE._#\XWX;O-A7N(GSWC\)/VP3[38)])-BO





M0;E''+_!7





M/@'X##C$/&Q

MB*:8TQC#%S')'



M\7M^-B8;T3S9%L19ZTZF]/6N?[(FU;T


;]###M@%\
M!O %<(AYV)0H*O\DG@R@R



MF&.D3K



9W@I0(1RGB;..E<




@E_;?#TB:95V^ #9^S\_&9.:
M9]L./*B56=SVCK7'QFS90M:V!OLH?
W-1HMG#=-PVQO0%01I!7C2?*1:2$[


)O5[@'

6@W!..7V&NYP
E



\ O@ .
0^;

MHN]DB\P

JK!
M-G&:'G-T
E9.K]<#=+<!  #2



M*[$E!JJ






SICKXYGF33NN!@1=:+!KZ#^]&?C+?8PE))#9V5







DJP1))$@^$%Q]*G$MYOI3$K;HJ093QVFR
MI


M:G)[3=
F;;*YIM?/K(Y*#AP+N%[_?0$]:Z]^ 6:8]^;-
&0CFF?; CCRHE5G

J9Q4O1XF7:91?W<;K9'V;8-H#/ +X CC$/FQ)%Y1^%$T5F
M<1FZGTOPA/O3MSWI@S.V(IXY\5;[[T5/#UF[!:(YICS%
-7
;LE@GGV)07?
7R3O^'3M'\3II&=)5=T_F5C_VM$!UY*<N='J/4?;#$4UX<


$%     @ )WI63B0=P ZV 0  T@
  !D



M&;W='HY)B(\!?UH8[.)
0B5GQ)=@?\SN@F0$+A H/PVP7N0
I Y&7\G3CI







MKMTS9O


GG5(&
MX/Q\87^

X7#[<!  #2 P  &0   'AL




M\RO[MU@[UG(6#NZ

M7%Q)T3MO]





/8O

MS!8-:&'OL(/6_ZG0:.&\:VIF.P.BCM&-]L]DP+V=(\C;&3R5/LG9(MG RQ
MO=;_#FPB&C6WH-O



WQ
GG4L&X-*^

K

M:&5E='

MH



]MY3
Q7^%*R@




96Q#L4[]![+?C=(6/70#3'G*88OHK9+1$

M?83O_U'X89L@W21((T&Z)KA/WI6X%?.^2+;JJ0;;Q&ERI#1#%R=YY5T&]H''
M-_D;/DW[-V$;V3ER

+3 !@0=MCTK
M-GU!)=&5Y+C[^TFRX[J97RR2YCD\I*AT0/-J&P!'WI74-J.-
5LTH(2]

=@9$&4%*
K[9W#$E6DWS-











FL8P:3]^CZ3^I&D
Y_
/




C\0:*5K

(O4$L#!!0    ( =Z5DX3T_93MP$  -(#   9



MR1#;*\7-GR-(''*ZH6^.1]&T+CA8D76\@9_@?G4GXRTVJU1@;8-3%0Y_1N



^C#?[=**M$]*)D


M S8@Z+#N6K'I RI9GJ3$W=M/DAW/2UD@-Y%(\_](*A*37JI770.8X$WP5J=A
M;4RW)T3G-0BF'V0'K?U22B68L::JB.X4L

S^ZHK$4F2M$(:'4CVT!!




M\3/

MA*$K3+P@B%5?+&C(XD3?T&F8G@0K3#P]6=.C#V&!75!@YP5V_[7XL&DQA'G'



MW6]B'U]4




/FR2!4VR@

S+GAM

-S@ETW^.(-14X 1?$R^\[:Q/D#(?

?/X /C%83*;/?*=G)5Z\\'7NL [
M;P@$5-8K


M2P


'+\_=\ Y&Y5^-BV 12]2=;'K;7]D1!3MB9N5
]=&ZG5EHR

MWK36!TB1]:R![V!_]&?M5F11J;B$SG#5(0UUCA\VQ]/.XP/@)X?1K.;(5W)1




MC0IL@\#VOQ+O;TJ


U+GAM;'53VV[;

M8QKR8\+/#D:WLDGHY&S






Z3N;$H?#$<1]ESRQD6OQ2Y),G+U0C/F-&'HK-=$
2I+Q8T9G&B'^@T3M]%
M


W+GAM;'54;6^;

M$AH!4M.IVJ1-BCJM^^S \:+:F-I.Z/[];$

[K)1R%?5 FCO
I$[TFH<_]A=SRE%N\ +QV,:K7W;47(5[MX5N5^X%-!B4VBI0L]S@$1BS
M0B:-MUG37RPM<;W_4']RM9M:+E3!HV_NTJWN9_Z7@4UO3+]+
:O



)X4P(%T+J?
AD
MY#+_0C4M
BE&3TYO/U#[B7?'T+Q-:8/N*=R=25Z9Z*V(XON




E9.-L=+

S/7&EG*5\<X?/ET,0NHR 0V&<
M!+/+#5Z <Z=D\_@UB@:3IR/.]W?UC[YX6\R9:7B1_&=S,?4AV ;D B6[<O,J
M^T\P%K0.R%C]%[@!MW7B?4H)-?^EQ17;:0856PJ@KT/:]/ZM1_U[S2<$(^$

S+


$%     @ )WI63D4]/K[U

#_;L[(1


%4:Q $IH&0=-\^R_P)C
M/[N C


ER$PLAU')YWF=_874$L#
&T[?P\=;&+S%



M6^HF\X^^5T)%!Z9?Q/@)YGH2WYN+_P(W8 9N


AFYS#]03?-4BM&3T]WWU'[BW2DT=U/8H+L*]\XD
IS@ C$J
M$#N!^)\2=YL2,<Q_LDQ0DP01B#8F&;&3?:HR1X12#8F&&:/FQQ0DP

S![.;7^=-BGZ<:649K
M_@=02P
-S@ETW].(-14X!U^




MK_/(^S!.\\[AL-#B!+H0Z$JX#SYD-@J9?V*6E;E6$]+SV0_
7_'N2-W95#X8


MQ[A &A5(@T#Z3XGTIL089A\WR:(F640@O3&)8;(;$[*Y. FZ#4_6H$J-?6B7

!   W!   &0   'AL


BYX;6QM5.V.FS 0?!7+#W &$NZN$2!=KJI:

@#5




M3@^9.YO:)\-1A&_.O''92[5/[@MR\4(+YCACL@TF71'$J:\ELEB)8_8?/8O3

81[C1?)HD3PB\.&F2 23)C=%R.;B
M!.@N/%F#:C7*




[W:?F!*=ID46

46E:I3

^!R
;U5.=R$AD%ZH#\=H%[D#((


N^E2),D8Y<@-&..$X:O,&\(
MYM67$'PKQ)%_H/-M^GXSPWVD[]?TZYMM@713((TZ7\E\G<E;F'V[X*P54\5





MZDL(OA7BS/^A\VWZ?C/#?:3OU_3C?^*GFP)I%$C_*O'PIL0MS/%-$+;JJ0+3
MQ&FRI



MI5 VQZUSW8X06[8@F;W2'2C_I]9&




_2N('U 2+NVZ4Q*I



M5*AL7$DU6H=Z8?%2M'B9=]G'?9IO;K
%M@_@XO@/N8A\V)HO(/PHDR-S@1
M





MC$8IF'*_J!R5%GQA





MOQE0WF_]P+\$7INJ5B: TJ0C%?P$]:L['UDTK1
&AEPUM/0+GU7X+-/C9X



#M@8HMIAY?R&&\J&GG@D5Q_.RVLW;:63OLA&Z!VD0







H2UIR@9\@?[4'KDYHS'*J:FA$Q1J'PSEU




M'6AR2VK@%S.!A%.P:R/URS:)CD/N.=W;!;/U?#K9]5'FGYR_B#\4C7.3*I

$%


]=WSX'GMFZD



M+'30]




JLT3( T3$FDH2WQIWA_R#P^




.D?Z-M$Y*)D

MP-Q%LME%$OCILD(4;PNDFP)I$
@^V'A8V=C/&X7R3:+9!LNU61$9
'C!PQ


F60R3ELN7F5!

02+^%W25EZM'6-EQ_FKV7S;+US/9$09S961

M;[_2WE#D.KW[[_1
F8:;3'2


'O
T@8P$D$H,_ \H,;GQ,N0E @M +AC<#(QZK#Q!93=X7GA^.O*PA6#R;\A.!

M
 


M+GAM;)55[8Z;

M W--_P3;S


5X=04*VA)

  /H/   9

!#^*XCO&S[C%ZB22$W2
M:9

MI JU

5O#\?V3]P]=\C:9AZQ1*UW\S+?F
 ^3
M

0+QK$@T'\;



Z;H[RYSULZ/5KV&#X.) 47








M:F?:6VGOZWX:[1^

U

U$Z%5]-W2]P^41)0V@1OS)^J





MLTDE#D[5M?0V;78.N%10)=[
MAW6_JEZHE:S^UF0A!-OWRAIS+S#T!XFZF.N

MZON+X($2/%!#)\
T\0__NV. R/PY XED?2O#G1EP@97S^PO8@ 68?1[W
4
M%%@638ZH(A&:-&P;'7@?R)A2]? L&V0A#%09 ED:2X($8W8HF%I+X@^D;E

M#'M





TR.V (DR!PEQTXRPX691.8


MY7OQ4ZA?[6.G9]&$LBUKT?2E;().[);A)[A?4V82;

4Y#AC +$%8.]J3&<ZAIC4QC0VIB!9EJ8X#T-Y&
*3S7K!'!Z:$0(X




M=#4X+GAM;(U646^;





+?8^Y\#


;=CE&W8\]M

0GN$R*
MRJ2^#43F=2389R3#)?)4)G

M&@M=


M #HLKG7]G5AWIM^NL76M5NPHR&



M98AL1KSD6VTIF!G.?
W+TC*9/'[WI.&@:0/'\U?V3ZUY8^:)*;X6Y:]BIX_+
M



M(+OOH6'VLX-;:E[7UFZV;Z=]9NJIS.YY17&RB
Z6J



[FAC\70QN

MWA6^



5%LZZ'HT3JPCF5




M+V#[@
S[F#1._44R;Y'


+89YN)%EPI;_





MG]3:Q5KVD*$-P7^*(\]7=F);1W2%\Q?2/,5Z?6$MJ47_QU=$1:X3+F.!#
MU*]UN#!.2NTBHI3PK7T6E7HVVO\F

MO6:A'Z?@*HTTLVX9;\ D0V8S9;PA\3@E_
40V4Z1P!\B3Z8L(YMG Q
X'0/$
M?G2;XADWQ5
V4\*(H?.=80F/4<!(U[$4=&$1&@^C^<XV-!K$A
MP:C.UR9F7



  
(1   9









M1
@$!TI@H
0.Y$LC4&(%8NG[


MBP  9
QQ$)H=8PMEDB1L58]T3

**A2^VJ7*'
M7XRAP@@J)K\80.4.OQCC@A$N3'ZQ38$GOW8_.^!3DHQEQ!F!2-6F/P:1?_?
MC4!H=.
SR)4 H9SL3^.'X<8(QI@ CI@$8T!F





1Q0^
M)[K[A0G:9MMGNCU21Z]YFBXS=#5/6;38:(1)AP02*L/*2)7BDTTHT?W;9S


*GTOXC=
M(\2=S=1I
YW;Q%

-
..D9GM4;+]
T

M-_T
1L
(F7[?+&#E%JE0;XRBD_9S5
M6I6E8[(Z_O2D\;G


MBG&R2
Z.J
)20OB([DI/NI) 3TLT--AV&B?#Q@CDM% #X#+
IS.



-PE

MUP&
RP4+)6C)XE[(WZ7S;ZHV^A9&_NZ\6^0G=9&64YT9_T[V&?I,G5SKBA





WPU1K/F
&G(7YI@T6#M
E9./$N5YM@  #/@  &0   'AL+W=O<FMS
M:&5E='



M
DM.CJC'+#L

)G'-#VFR M2((1&?D(H8T7*KI!7JABHB@6J6$Y'JB 
&\F!
M

HQ8YQ/;D\.JLH!51PFX !O_W:%!!

U%@
$ Q43\P






$.WF




E J
S=@XQA6ES'%F$A*2@! U'48^;#03XS8? 

D$D$P R'#3&OPZ1@H9'4K8VKCY 2



''';4@B@C@'$7$


ME@8^Q3$ 4/U+PN3S'#0D@T6& \= '8Z!8UG@
QR#P
4LIC@& 9P *J-QW) 2






$?+P5$Y1@
L(*'\
)Z5EQ
M'=
1


M




M.TI:MV3#/7%L&LS_%82R\]*'_L7P7!\JJ0T@SSI\(#^)_-5MN-J!0657-Z05






M


M*$P@1- =4.P




$

M#4$L.+G 'G/F?#

QWA*I
'_CD#9<'!]][[P
MVEQJJ1=0GO7D K] _NY/7$5H=BF;%CK1L

L(

AUZ&;MIHTAQ'#5YHHL2?-4CYSQ!LA6!C$'R/# (K :!,8B,
M06<,L.?O5F6.HG@A\NR,T,H(+0R\WHJM*/'TSPZ*K*#(!O)7H*TH#,+$C^R@
MV J*;2\ FU%#YI)K(S$Q@A6C*THB1[O6FH%I<8C_/0-K7M)-U^ CW=!'.Q6

MZ4)#\ZV:_P=02P



.

LKVCJ
G-;N
M




M79'



M-4'DXRP!S!*

M2Q[
$P- !9'% L/@@G=8EQ8*J8#;M%(MMWBZEB*OA\H%$H85^AG%A@)?0
MLEHS# R;0 S'Q' $PW 1Z43]Y8''8CCY#YTLZ,D8!7%H600X9HL#MJP6FT^

LXU%LVY@Q@QPP&%JV58X9Y!
8Y)A!CO :S
JZ

 JN
MIK9]XOZONRX)DTB(1


XENZ!2+;IBPP
MA0)0&
NR/1!H;[0Z=H<=WN7$9?D'4$L#!!0    (
M =Z5DXR'PG*/0

M;)57VXZ;

 4GV?Y]S24([/&*



MC%^;R;W3EO(JQ%L[^+9?NZ1EQ'.^DVV*5%TN?
OSO

M_4M7OKF-6WX5N1_LKT\K=W8=?;\D)YS^2*N7_E04. Z0_7?^87GMXR46OL


E5.O*@ZCJI(^PXR/E!

$%     @ )WI63K@T1MVJ P  T1$


J+$*]EX]M^

F6N(

8@ Z1D

L:0C(

MQWJ&0FTD$KK^D(^.FA$4&%8
@0L
T0N



W-2JO5^ED75;/U3VYX?@J#9GU29-9_T657=?XZZ+K.V.ZU?@N9<J^PP
M#J+@(:A#



MOIO


!F X*K9\-4


7^YF/#$@H0'I






3(*CD%A
8/88
M6;%YQNPQEPK
^-^6@EEE7*K?TM$Y-K=FOVE<JQ^QQD[THM+7?

T@@B9(H6(H3S@4#UT_8B#L
N
M5M1/@4D6+GVG^+CO7)1


M970W-BYX;6R-EMN.VC 0AE\ER@-L?



+D27B-5]K:\'
X\@7O*ZMD^'X.YB&XS=MX.7[
MV?V+2]XDLV**+T3]I]KH_2S
PV##M^Q0ZU=Q^LJ'A)(P&++_SH^\-G)+8KZQ


XTD:O29UFM9I$IIGDTQ\$44(
M%3D
$X


M&).




M-29$*4D??SI1NX^IB
/U1?V+3EXFLT



6$VI
MI3%!%


MTJ'S(J\LE[.^WQ!\$&H9R35K!UZ[$;3NACGH_U&D_P!02P
$%     @ )WI6


0'1K #4!]-8

B)F06
MG-I$!O/08\@($XXQ2P@3C3$K%V

71(0S&#62C(0@&6





M01/G'T^8

ML)\895
UP3Z' :

!



MP6)VS';Z']U\.[Y4]BZXL&P.A2[K@RF]2F_G_C-[2@6T 1WBWX
^UZ-KKYW*
MJS'?VYN_-W
_;#/2N5XW+45FO][T2N=YRV3S^'\@]2_/; /'U^_L?W:3MY-Y
MS6J]


MX2


MG



MC].&PK&A2



M8V+_H#B5BB16

M3=

MC3D.1X?!Y?QR\0M02P



MA $P.AR$P3':BC[F'OD98)8((_N8!X0AG#3!]E#K@$X=D
4.%'2@6@?JQ 'K

K) 

M6AXZ!YJ8-
]QR8$QQ:'TAFY@Z(:%KLTP)
-&$J&.8U!-CCQ;30M#LBPD*R+L
M(((.HO%3

M&D!RI_T
/



M
.













B!25:841
M
#C*
MPL-B9V8V(%)5YCX#O,IK(L=G

5)+W[



MYNMQXP?:$% HI%8@ZG&%'5JA92-/X.F/Z;4Q.GZIO[9U*YJ.1 !.T9_5T=9
M;ORE[QWA1Y4OK+NPSU)+XW%/\-KD 57#M1.0I&A?GVBHN0K!Y4E)6:O/?/
MJC'/;M_T=R$:!$(R%,/R3$ R&^$_'!#P0L$5 ?2FF-WLB29YQUGF\_W5;
MH@]1N
:J^X4.FF:;=ZH]0D6O^6(99NBJA0;
ML=$$\P=@93ZF)RI=A&,WKT
MF& W1\2K1\A^#L&QVT3LK#,V_'AJ(OZ/ '8*8. 'QIEU;'M
:G!-'VCPE62
P3XM%FPL


MC99M;YLP$

EE@(=00?-+R2J4




MO(X+: %P#:J\U2!'$((H+[U*&

M3QR*/



O





)J
M#3=*-

7K24IGSMWU5KW]?!_YL9;! /!O%H@-
/#9+!('DW
M(!\:D
& . 91'XK-S;94Y6HA^#40_?9VI3E%^)[H[._
HDVV_:;3(_7J9945

TJ0@30K0I Y-
MCZ$3FB*A*'-B]E%)1O




+=T&)%
M8Y^W^@=02P,$%     @ )WI63AW7QI*T P  +Q   !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE



M*



MY5L]?NNNO]HEH2R.ENQ_M^^V=O*)Q/5QZ.IA_AL=WH:Q:Y8H#J4I?]ZN53M?
MKTO\CV9\ UP:X+T!R/]M()8&PFN0W
CF5+^48[G;]-TUZF^C=2FG20%/PA7S
M



M8'(6)F=@O'R+G'8CE/8G+U6A2M'P

M4L Q@4$2/A(PR=

T3D*YP/_=B$:U[RG.5^SQ4I;4

M



MD:7!3P3D;189FR5;(5+[]/V





U

MY3V23Y$PP$T$:#\#$Q^
300S B$J$!J!\&Z@(C!0&+

7-G-D+-
M1HA  LQB#!CU#&$%YC%F)GUL4#-+A !L$)2C F 68P!2SG'F @W&Z-F8T0
M3'&*,6*
XP!
Y1CS!(WFZ!FDZE *8OQ1@/F,48,$,YQLQLL5J=HD(P)
(




M


MFDAK.JT)$$C

M1L5YM
KRA

#$#I-881(+



#   5#   &0   'AL








B1(8YB @@34$= K J^258MA
M#M
X#(93
# % U)XC5BUF&20(L\I3OV^CV$H3E.$)O0DH)X$T$

M+/?D *@$


C


$%     @ )WI63BCM






%_*MKJM=_]L[[NGZV6Q7-Q7#^7+




MXT@SHS@+ABME9)U1$3L&VC'23JYQ!Q9V8
&$%+B#'':0@PD)[MKZJ#'G(R7*

M LM.F&%R.K0L53ISS@:6@8J*F&7*
#$R8%J%R
(.%<0(3WA
HE[N*B]T13'&2


(D5(K'P TB
8(-T
[!1&
4*H3B$C0(H
M]M07CJ3

0L24QAL+)F$.VBA8AT
PN1
8R9TM-=QO!D


ML*@!5[G2&BJ,1!U2H5 _[Q

MHQB@
;!U2C% 2\R*93HGF1K!'-8I!0 MV2F
S$FF97_
5I.2]AL)3K1 D2R^


MDY+F&PE/
3
_E6R
_&TKYC7RNU9*5F] M@Z!!X53XDU-80B;=^3U!L/0I.3U
M1D:YXA[
2:9&
%)-2D9O4$;OC EW7*3S





M4 DGSGXUI:HS=$!.16],?7A\\PY0F1


W7-G9PJ(H

--9S
?Z)




M0_


MNO:OX]?:WP7G+-M]Z0[-OCK
:O?\




?%C;*JBZ?_/-J]-
M6Y5C%D^ES'\

T!\!YF: &0


MQ3!:I893EB@3IFG
* .42J8H6TC9LJI8F165@QS%R6QXJL2P:RV[)UE,%M
M(6:=0-8)8&T8ZT2.8RGDI $J2HBA
H!24311Z!123@'EB%%.Q3 47[[/@;)$

MD+B&KP%

6D[(1
M*^P12@.-3R=28)=01DZ=N

M2J(1B
105J4))RY1=WX-B9\'@!D5J:FUABU*28]*N=RME#06%0I?6 /8G8T-


V&!&IN/
M!CL)T2YIL)-(-&^7$


BYX




)ERSD:'3[T?B/[$_@:KWI1ZT[3O%/)


M965T.3

 2T!E


YY=QYL.7+S(&D!YKRWK9(9JI?H]QK*HH:7R@??0Z2\5

MZ)9X:LZU


#@USL
M/5/)B?
7$WPK
^0;0\@4$:!ZN4*!V#,&D;?R9--!]IB





&PO=V]R


M]=DA3D!G
$

&27MX\\@

M3





 T!A5(9!J*7*[P I89(M_%[
MYO0725.XWM_8/UOOVLN92'CA]%=7J3;W][Y704TN5+WR\0O
?F+?F\U_@RM0


VY MU
E9.JK=I
M=?4!  !9!@  &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970Y-BYX;6R5E=N.FS 0
MAE\%^0'6G (D(DC-5E4KM5*T5;?7#ID$M 93VPG;MZ]M*+-1*(W\8&9[Y_?



MNW#](OK/

U)
*0U['\:Z=6
_\F]I

]



;%EIT8R.GT[])\0=0
M2P


 &%!W6?583)3%J6YFM


MMC=7W4N_6F[:+]O9[F6];K;_?6I7W=OUG.:G-[XN'Y_Z\8W%S=5S\]C^U?9_

OWKOLQ



M&^AH@\5A*OO:?&[ZYN9JV[W-MH?/][D9#R/ZJ(?JWXUO[HN]_]]0GMWP[NM-
M
/)J\3H.=-1\.FCD.TVDN$T5*DPEGU.)5F?)8O!X-BJA4;G?7KW;WCN!!U!P


N52Z5Q96;^''0CP-^3.3'I7ZT#E9'?H L*$
.V_'0C@=V
MF/D$.$ H_X!(8(I%P4=T%$V+KT6








5[#G



M!$YL&4.800\8]%R1


D$5\G51%4V;R!@+Q
MPS2W))C$@:@@B 23%A E#)U415-F,@4(.2Y](I@4@6B)M3#I7K*8CTHL:.=
M3=
)4!@$FV)ATSV(MWB-.:D*;%ASA9#)R$ZN7@-EQFB&CJYG \,^J2?V^73
M7UX3F6$()D0PF^=B*8:@KF\#PS\I&7)$7PJ2SGE7'*( .6!'82AG&HH9_(^
M! 




VB@ %KK=G
D!4$P(B)@5$13$@ B$?/;EU?2H-T#E-[
P8
MLE$D*%WX5$HM-@5T.5


DC4C6$,PDA0A&A]#/3!81G-9$9AG-


M/J@J(TI(&E6BJ
57J

MNSB8\SK
P^ @C^)2FF=U^RK[@E@8]-5_EU=96KC+Q&KL5:G]-=A?M%%5SV)3










M.;8RJYIO:WNNE



M]+8]UXLXQT0Q)(H148P]









M :'W]*'M^$' GQ)P3\ 3 NI*L;TY$$6R5/#6$=W7K8FY1/X&Z^[G)FB;
M;=_I]D@=O66^%T0INAFE'K3K0
$8-0EA]R!$LY=L&
'CPFV


M])ZTRT+/R.% X:+

3 Q+GAM;(U6VXZ;
M


2O4MRZR3BPJ3Q*

@CI[^C:+!0\
]

M!-QSFB[X6AX#,6;^17?H[))P'D1H24JL.[O,8&H9N+2H_+I72^B@J+7WX+:
M8%@,,(5HY^6SFC3/$H71 /#JH$AV6^; RH*961IVCAEF%8-CH&[-S2^:;

\Y5L0$VIA1EV0(5K\8$ACF:QF
HG[N(&JI$&$5
MPI 

;_H8=32)L/J@B%Y8;-C[U'I9)
\^0=02P,$
M%     @ )WI63@I%SZ4N @  [@8  !H   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T
M
3 R+GAM;(U5[8Z;

T:C\-QY3\MEMM





BR\-V#HDCMXG(F6AD^-'41/Q!%K%3(#8\4VEDLJU!R4

NP$I99A
M)RBS#
]!:?1!@3.GW\RURZ/EUPFRSX
E9.M*/MS:<#


#

V&(5O
M!7$!X _ 


M61Y
I::.&2%9W)15&^XVINRUVVW4=:BK5KYV07]MFK+[[T76ZK8-:?A1\+4Z

GC-GRF3R\\'RL8Q;=*WOK9
M?3!VY4VI[^/#[X=M2

M.J\[\U;V\HNJ_ZD.PWD;YF%PD


M!=V4_$LYCC%]8CHW^['0I

.G7+DE#M.4.3I




6SHVDCNY
YE/?!



ZF+?1
3WUR&[_P%02P
$%     @ )WI63B]1[E;D




MO0[/NK//J[/_1H
)B2













M$/2$X)



:7JI#K




G!!20@*-JI59
M5[5]-F @.B=.;4.N_[ZV8W(A+?Z@C\R



!-'#F2XI8T9)

MW^B9
@TW3G2





ANN]-%M#]@]YXIJF^&3[M^COM6[!:-[9:8C/1?M
MU=8N%*_=M1UT_QUF_P!02P,$%     @ )WI63HU!^Z'I!   6!<  !H   !X
M;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T
E.%8M8%K98C%,*,
M5L5B/3P_[=INJ_/3\JE9+M;AMAK43ZM54?UW&9;ER]D0AJ\-/Q:/\Z9M&)V?
M;HK'\&=H_MK<5O%MM,LR6ZSNEZ4ZT$5'LZ&%W RE:(-Z!!_+\)+O?<\:(=R
&@'_TT/(=EA+=,8A_WY;+N
M_@[NG^JF7/59(I55\6O[NUAWOR]]_M<P/@#[ -P%Q+[?Y!]@'P+4.\&J#Y
M'1N@^P!];(#I \RQ ;8/L





N0S[C


1H 9*T3@

'R'U(ZZ(D@Q;.6

F#%I)\(
M[2Z829(Q0M0?*6/&CY#QH[C1IF6D[O$)C$
CTSHR0*G1$SE2'!B)
E?'C!LA

#(6S0+A3G


M[)TS-V:
%ZGQ1N;I!QI2JU3*T9I3F 2RZC(*=XVC)CNI*:KB4W.SW('+BD







 W0O@A(1P)H4'PAE)T-B42J
@9[1TV?-X.J7\16(4R_8-:
%QG:%T*H0:@5XK_!.$)%5(;)X +X1]@*-:C5H\@3H,8
M&IE9<# *,B/:<@D#,0Q@:O<=6WW'MNQNT)B54@^D5UJ54B7'OPL-K(;0-$\
MDRQ-T](S@8#?FHE198&H'([CJSNLX6KN
DL0L WWY _4]$!]XYY
 6WN*4


4+:M
OOVVQ9D$

Z:\

MH%4YI#DK9



X5Z\#%H&$H%[-
M0Q@*0=)9]YKXLR:#+(F)'(+1$Z!Z GC8J=_(!Q-89T'0D)PF'/N$
Q !&


=!4PS!L .*+A[!I+ )_QS[WI 7K$/S389@0#G/3]&\)P

P6L;_X=



RPUB/17U:UA/%R^9+

M:&5E='



_(VK)%+3KFN33*HZ;?M-

MO'R]5TF8?]$'E9I_MCI+PL(TLYV7'S(5;BI2$GO8][F7A%'JSB95WV
VF^AC

Q
RVM5-E&B


@PFX

!'_='



MY [^9Q+J\H7(_66(_56$$X(3 -X*C@\%1R:@Y+%A?*(2 U@B^+ 2%\$@

4Z2@Z%
404HL

MT+\H[V35*?1-OK[0?0^S793FSK


2YX;6R55NURHC 4?16&!RB$0 *.


M/])@0F (04N0N;\B8$/ 'X3P2T)H.&EA,@0HDL)Q!#(I01J/120FP(\:6$

8!=;X'P$]0H(DL6T
MX.1C(=3R[?041VF?&+U\0S@(A2%@=7'#


MM'U6;-H6*HFN)


WF!WCO?I/55^/KT7=



M('8!\CD;8Y8VALLQ9&5#Z(#P:I8#58:H/C/;G#)JT( @@^L*@O@8] )!8@Q:
M0Y#$47$X ;SUP



ZP8[;%8$ QIL;!DL&0& CS:\7LS81O!?\
M4&857X6
^6+A84AXQ(0&



M4
CIZN585SC2%1&8I#I4


M-LP;KN06_P-02P
$%     @ )WI63H

MZ9/)TD(]EEYURO.D_+=4F3[/??#?)GZD^X.I)X+%[)CLU4]E?AT?2SL*^BS;
4HJM=+9GW1K#G,_\KVMVB6GS/S0
MYR^J$R1\KU/_3;VHS,)K)G:-C<ZJYK^W.55&YUT62R5/7MMK6C37<Y?_+0P/
MH%T [0,@_# =0'L/8!_&
[ .X$!*V4IC;KQ2+6:G/7MD^WF-2[R*XY[;Z
MFWJR*7;SFRU/96=?%@ \G@4O=:8.M&Q!= CJ$8%-WZ]!L366=!1.+Q=8C1'

 
#IU(M1C28HA4BXIB Y-R1?#5R
M?0WR@KY Z8LQ?1#$X2]&:WVRVX%P$E/I$A




_9A-%0!W1! WO!
 MR0(KW@K

3
U38&$G=O

0[&IQ;
M101('-[!H$'


MQ7]02P
S#:$$G*Q]?;EG'

M5I-*O3DP7F*IKOP(1

M[YI0UBQ=Z%X

@(P3L!W26@CH!&

MD#\$]0B@Y'L?OLW'VI_0_6L'FRDBF%]#ME
(NQ!!-9$ \,/KA.-[ K(JH


M

M_P%02P



MGN5

\\1A
 W_ V[ M-QTHADE9]+^!N55

:F6VJ=X+]T&Z0/%ANFO0?.$5
M_P!02P





MQB/3&=Z.W[U_]L';8%ZX%AM9_Z[VYK2
BSC:BP
_U^997K^((: TCH;HOXF+

-R&! 1H
^.;


S / 9JJ@Y;UD.Y4PF^@H%2;T]O
M-Y'..&@ ^8=L/M,T2!3O2CSHK8/I$!L)ELIR$DA#@LXO2B]X1&6 YS


,:CN*A[#:7#N-H



M970Q

9= (H*4I*I:J96BK=H^.V02T-J8VD[8




G,[W02E\Z$S,PI,W/(9!,,J9,A_<69DZ&[#U;FCU83=*I0N=.F;G+



TWU7/0MN%\HW@[7QKON.(?4$L#!!0    ( =Z5D[B

M_[LHE]7;V5B.WR_\6#P]M]V%R?ET4SR5?Y;M7YN[VGZ;[+P\+%;ENEE4ZU%=

?F7%$[HB)


[$G$'MJ3$XOY%*A2\IL$K


MT^QQ*#SQ@XIKDLZT(2J@#BHZ!-=I K4:07[,:HPCO+T,9()J].(,T+3TT&.
M.*WV.3_X0)U6LFC(N
HO_^+XI@%S[DX-8K=?8Y%J4H^J@Q4?!OHS63$=Y

S'J
YK
MH-] ;S#&]&80\R



8JPYVT0(W7CIK'UG40:\XNB
M=0







M



MLR(]OVH'*I4-I:^J\V4W#V/EB-1D*Y0$EH\S69&Z5DK2QV\C&HYSJL#K]D7]

\+
)@1_;X5(L7VG\F)B$8!B;[K^1
:HDK)W*.+:VY

J\BQ



1_E%



M\'3Q[OLM
=%R\3[T-(E61Q&?B?A2L=8**2\E=UIBY2191)

M[D%@#S+V8][D36H\B/HOTQ5@FF\$G 0

M@=-YGT3N@AN6*74$9$1L
X8P8G1&EHLPZ^

MZ/!#A$RZ&)$N[@[)) S?4+UB/G^L!0)$1%3B%-FG=DV(1TUT-=(2:3-@B#




BDMY1QA-@I@HUZ0H#@MK$MS[1KKV&30*!B-@HK8

M


#&?FYS$%H.CO
LM)#&9





#8C(XC

MC*6)/^.8-
42&E;E#(* @)MD8#N@.:(DG0*@5=N9(S%LT 1<8
M\C36PQ[:YLL9=%2
L8HQ4C'&+AQVX88D0@/%G:F+P)U,N.8$T$8A1\_YG



 VHJ


M

0Q;#L-6&!-L

M?@0)2_
84UYB
MVBXDF


C
N

Y%ATL*S.3T[6LN
MDQ/L12;]




&

MJ=L!Q8KV_H0%C)[:4 XR1Y
B




YL)VS^'^X






M%?U9RKZJ6FU4AE_




SN\FI;IO#F.EUE]:=^.?]\

'7!





%L%D__C] 8O\'S;$+/X5LR]ESQ4HPN P-6-R#Q%NX'W%QAC_.G 6U:LG2
M7;KX;5=M<5U5!<W.X$1@G2%LNRWCX-C].3N'L




)G$X

K@O\US



MXB7J)'.@V'!@?]L!';I](@])6F[7R._R3;?'Q475 ]9%CY?-=9ECWE5L0LC-




R%A*J!YA =[Z+]



/UQ<?WP6?8.JSB_.K
M#O6CJ)8YG

IGI-@V
MT\ZVN

MH
WP$P8]&#T0=YA
&HI/3#^6-=4_?LST@Z+4SW:5\:?E..?=LK@A=\*:?&L%





M@[-4E2B*^\%KAMUM\

M(Q/$

./R5!A-64

M]H-?
_[IRIV&]:P?!L\ H^'BYZ:Q9'N9MP0W$?KJ_GMD=UP$S\CO$%X0E
M!0MT'&YY;@K&(4=]RDPTWF^8;-
F=_=(\EXE
56#D6791OTH[\I1F:)4$.;





#'T#!9UPD/A4T@
MTJ\*GA6=.G2:)3&'D52;7O?)# L^8)X]B356D/-@UDX;?=@@2 ?O#!GGW&

MRV*X1+9^R

')6F*T'J+@@D.

M8!)X3LO


L*[



_#V#U&:.V2HTJP)8L+
EXO8JT7@*G6)L%!?3
0P=(3QN\

MO6@C0%XP9P42S^@N+9DD**)XL'04(:2:#DOAZT]QY')TVQ*MP+QI$N$LTV'J


M$50D5'E9:
T;XE(9D:^;;/M(.K4!B*I)+
\1DY-I/#;#\#%A[FS8

M1)HQ7%
+%Z;'ZPA9*A1AHX$

OW^0V:&(4*&OD;TX1A87#SX [


/A8O)V3).O%
MS:@1!$@1V^()0*X]G@1*R5L6X53
V7@C#H4$KE5N@ -NC[?C[K]MP]9X%!
9

L
Y4]%A2=ON6'$T995



0I*I:*IJ6W4F;UQ:F/;7='GR

X$7@D!J\A50MO8
KM\JK-S..0=*MOJ5S K$?;N+J4?


MU699/&69&H30@K

M=_7A?Z:KS9].'=M=#1

EP
D9P
A.Q*4AK 
&G\&*

M



M*)BB ._M%1D%


6P^
M%;JVIQ1C:_&5(HWQ_?_BC&)[


T R/MVF?D'T(!_TQ0FRCL&_:B@JDM%
MU')0W2[BA

MJBZ9
658(IK+L$]\-'GEV%C@?M^0^DO7O[@!F&5H.A4;\B
ZJZT=?!^N^H@X

M)%4$^SOY'H2XXZZ

M1


[9VLN[')W2_^ZQ21$4E5]2I(
M<#/1B@SX^@JG=_G:W7FF?7]2:P ^/QPX#Q_L\N7RJ%Y&IN . 2ED5R-SX

S;$]:
H&H2Q
M




[?[P8U526Q ')91W$AN

6]_)CT:UJ]F-R
7]L8
+L*#\V.$XG@DUY+-4




KM#=JR6LP@%@NR=M*'
=#?-_6C4



9;4

%B74=J#?

Q-IC*.F\:+D3=D8-YEQL=\6DC/'Z*@Y


8%KT7^TZ V

]

83$I 9&'(V3R)& J35O.GO;0.[N^Q@KK
M264]$(4U(+#!.C*;D




M
.)






_T=GK-?=(
:!%($=$#Q V#A!IT 79I609$!KR0[&;AO)61SLND_9C5

MUBZF'(&-2$Z+E-J*N(T'$2X64D)V
0EGI*]_(B4KVYB:TBWY^:$A'%M-XY'0
M6@_@SX&9)3FK'V*$+N

RB/NV;+ ]9//@Q&YEID(-I3C:4KEWF;I

M@D@LHO-GU39.%P55.^E^%)#G;793[M! Q(F@N
.WAJT[;UYA_2;0/*O@=8%Y



A;I'N#A$_2**X ?A$::HR9$LGC(P?K

M%' @O23D\$D),33.JF \9BX[5D4BF63Z+1L8N0IO80%^I#IW_)2Z(@&Q+2

NG@ =Q&;'2-$^0: ]7\S(A#IA]3S%'-T^J\+]

PI#-
%&\Y5








MUU/P%@8[VM.J&I:63

AM(8'IAZN


9J&I&T4H=F9J(A'&GYEDH=[IU5G M'H\&!^'
MIBX#.15 R
::(X#22K]
#2WBGUA7SO4W:R!#1YP7PO5]805NRNG-$'=FF-


M981II&@DG2\
R6*M]]$?%)]9+IVT=UFLI1XH6Q/^^?1($TB^;(B+41B89O+F

UX4&EFH6$?:+K
M@1+JF
ISW8#K&AEU+9&:(H%*1JJQC:J :=BRJ85@

 VA

UU.;

O^
MIC8+: ]':'



MJ%-

M_LW
PMDH^8Z;X?&^:3/&5G71L+53%4?@1K\%895HU;-=/7LW8[#X#TNS[#

^\&HBY5_Y]A+DG
:

MJ3$G^;6




+X9D



$#WZCY

]==VGXWIPV'#QM/HS\%^S7*L'%%/P)_/TRI
M=.39W

J%S5-VHA76;M7?,9
MK$68_9?#6DJF6U-4%&;6%E2B4FUI


M=6(

M8PD^Z[CU0R




;J?Q@&J-%
M'XT77/SEG K7[36G[UVB

M30S/JA [4';2A[19Z )DSQ(CX)RDXVTVOU_G?Y-0#AO3WU5TS2S-





:O=+J&(S+2+?\N6TG@SB!86(-!R/+W(+-?;9I7U&6%.&JY2D @S!I
M#_[HNSSAI%ESSIZNSNPB!T5PYNU]&B*IWT 4XJ(W#=82VKWVN0MWHP_=;9

[--7-+#+L5

M
#4M6*JHAR3DPZWQWTXD?G+Z)W5AE&4@ICJ&4YO]*)[$QK-M9O0\?N[3P
P2
.:%)&N='- HI=%
SD#[?@$*Z?.(#
M

-@^OL]U14W.)QC:TU'L@^MBDVV'%3'+

9LWO_F
D!*YC[G
&.=H-IZ&DVED695IL'N+
M%47[@+P;;'5]3W$LL#^[8?=X*;ETC:W7 (0]8J6!26,B6(23L;CX-CO6&=G

OB(M-&HDSRC
3+

 SZL/J]C%DI/IN8H@%U_^)
M$DBH35.X/9
I1F0*\X^2

M3[LT-)B%H_$(OCZ3X:@U5V^
25L)W
[:/KV7XW61A*.:LQ 5DVIA\?G27A

D_5)1#+Q^093ZL9(
MM]R

&'M73.BOOF!Z;*Z:U+JK@EZRL[C-/R.=N\]BV


.@+BE


CY7]6C$

MM7^

MA(1=_'4

M9L%L



9$7 ^4!P@(=,[UAX_E<5=F:[\Z+@%V]Y1?.(,
MWB+ :.65]IY= ;G#QG%\KQW/(NJTDO&,8CF+XBJ 2\.LCSU]YI_C9Y@D!CO
M

M(42N3S%X/-




S@
M1  S

4Q'FA7:!T2=\)E 1J#

^Y;YEE $L



MKH6Z;+^2P9)*FJ




S]%T%G G0!*

N 18UWJ&F
M*55.V
IAU&&)U_XHBA+0YF9[MHPJVG@Z[-KR&9%!:9J225UG!]DZ#UJ\MOZ:

M#CT]H*\







M$?4$QB\\@?&WG0Z=K2M('_^+\@_&TO!
P'R6L!*F/O'L;V.HSZPR:
88.M





(
\[PD]D@88^./WH$PNAT-
60$F!I8PRP
MG(%V99[33K;3$ \-F6XXF;(/


M=O[YXB^GUQ=_.0\N/EY=?_[RX?QC


MD(N6+IK\+0[0TMQ;2ZV;K=@V07:D_1N7H=W=XI&R\TFB'*402-O@%D)R(.SA



8G
M?@\I[%F_E8S?JK58\L]H 'Y:PD6E&WA;%A68]=)?W=MH4MX97]#C379)I2
M3FB/$4_Y'-3XDG*#CE@,+.Q,8LJI;]B7-'%X^997Y^:.V-[@/T+:X.LG

ME
&ROE8))EP;!64;3Y7-\2N3!^-]0:3BC /Z:E9(IMB3AZB24VZ21)T.1J


8QHPBCH6B:DFK[0]0+
MN09%^_FXK:@T$
6VQ@)JA'Y+
J9)-W0TF[H/-R;RV\C*]OR%2@AC+0-=/:94

OU[CMX:KQ

M1=L#&@: )\NU%1TZ
M0@E 6N*-)B0O*CZ
N*K/:8'RK:6*5@O6;;7LHE$_H3$96Z!GX7#4ZD!1?T


TB;
MBN-FZ1B9VQ.Y


6YWWB.Y
!?NR;9IL8JA

8!3


;:NX@9R^N?(6.F#Y25(









MU18I%SW?6%'K*

MK

M)P







MM*V?:OVA?8=H9FLYQ?V;](XLTS+0;69
8]\BMR^&I


&/?YC[9/_NT]RVYGCC=%Q2T:=INJ
M1GRH7P61KG29=1S+)'0K4?B%XUHJ?3K=QR9P\69T;4@@8A]CO2*AD[-5= 





*)
FXAH)1\:CJ


V3#@H#C+ K

N]VJR;QUCP1Q







KE+8_;O:Z*

M\


 B



[E764NR:QWU:2&
M6
$X--U]VT0HZ^YRVB'6E#&_AYP]@!^[+-Y+LCS309VOK-$[-^CN_FFOUL


M6];*VRFG0AKPU2*8'






MO%D83]UXJ

*DQ'I% 1*6'



M)W@Q6Y#/C?LM10/9MAJ/*'?9E$X 70ALH98'@^3()F$XWB*UW@A$?A V+F

*%):= E5Z- J29!2.@-X
HTDX2FR6M%T%/#!(1DANL+M\
M;T(S'

%HR*T)


2AFY+#N@[VPN&YK$G:;B98IH^8
M.TQ% M$

./!M&*0%PKL

EZW[M&1K]X-1D



M4TA L@+X@' &4'A7XCMMASX$VCN)8Y 3T3L44:ZZA.3CL9
JTT
)BT7H7@*;

/4^A$[A@_=#)B$IE4S'181R.$^Y\:I)WN 2NTM 6Z I4

7#J$5&)2O

MSKNP S@DGV$$S\&/(0SX8W!J$#'WO
LWH)6RVYC8H[0?
55S=VLW

L]O[PZ
M1'Y[;0V6=B88EVROV%$C'%#[&1,G1]4-QA&N:S08CLR1'=A5OR
OH#NYH

)-JM (%Q1&R2_
M.CE




[0EBJJ]D*FE$-B0#L8R*K^QI+;N:@PE

K6Y\2\HAS2J








A%$4L2PYP7102-@E JK
M95Q;30!QWX)W5%
-*$T2SWBX\3B

MGWP^O[[@OAC!Z_./YV\OKH-/[T\_MI3*



PXL9SH[%L'H.XQ@G;Q*;A+$&[

- 66$N-$@QB=

PCBA4+C1( D$7 *K[WZ2
M WIO%
:C9@O;SO,O6!V3W(V3L+I.'( 75_ 6X_X-*R2O?$D3(8C=NVARSR9
M\N^*#_R'(,6Q%Z_BAU;MD0M?^;4-CX(DB3G6=3:=MC:F/&VI3PB7))[160&E
MH+O:BV;A:$1 1_O+-;PW/8.O?#BF!IDHKEVAE&?/
V!L2I8QA@*NM 3_-X/-)U1

\X?R4P#KPPL6B@5N3Z7R_TF!BU9Q@&



X65811.X2579IG!78S0;\3GV\'01M-PS/<+6W=/B 3!9U,B.UW!^P9



27NU9L
60*AB1B S_?'[K$-EY=O=TA FT4);01$FD@V



I6YRDF



M:J:R;!
?*CTQ
7@$WYG_Q]_/J5_WP'_SJ

M;N=:(WJ)_Q\3W!5B^$\A[D'9@)\G=/]WWVWS^2V\C5CPHZW$].FA6/$%'F6Q
MX:26IQP+#L]WY8
3G7\/A\FIAY2GKAD)-P5F_9+()VV]4#^ 7^?WIHX(WDNU

ME=B].O0










M[KF8.9MCRA\F2[C4W=/]YY1&M=G!ON;B1P^#V]RF
H9F%(R4%T.(;8(@I2[L


MX\A-Y#HQIHTE-6!SL*
]GT43K[#.RQ.O
G0CW=J:?+9VP!D?A^T7@?8/@QS2





[V[[@%'

MD73(A8?;^W\0$8DF:-D'K2&BD3V@;LCAJ$@\G@CQ(1S/Z-1^;G=R


BM_-A/2AA39Y'D

9ZV
M5P]:1/A+N^+$
.&/_

MLI_!T3^WLR.F7#^QFV&]TN_P

M^PI]7E_H%-ZJC
M:MT4.5@Z41.GQ=DDXI[PU]')2G0/_RGVX+4U63ACA2\?KMK7T1S%HAB1N)4;
ML
D%


U^@W*]J_2
AK3.I@P

MNXEZ#B0?J5

M!J!S!TLEKSXC$W87'FX\VO
K(T


C

M^V!2$_3Z$LPN6WQ




_LOP/&(HZ6&.9@E3XU:P
-

MQ=/)Z$AYAXLSL(
3IB2C78'6

R
M/(BRD]@M@F
P3 FYO+$#(:H^

M7ML)H[3:BI0Y5?YQ^F5FK2N[^21QJPH
0]SZ01(=[

T^*D

F#M3Z&N+P
<:N\5DNN @?I9.3]<UN23K8$W
'S.T$KK4DH0


6I'CEE=W(7AB\@5I#O5N#
M6 S







MP/B4OT[E64[FLVTR]:*%EN&B5;2%?W-3][0S0E6($(:Q6*MBR 30B3G3]GH^

MX&6QA?&T?0YB2&



-6+5&+8*
7=
#$Q
M LI@P8S;VH+KC2VH\B@KE5-MSCY0[
Z+5E-3[K




<TS(#;M16T9AE[0+$#Q7
M!TLC DVHL$&JXI$YV]'&+B35CU




:^G=-='#-I





%\+L19W/DY:A&M%!6CTA%ZILX2C9'






M#=0WI46F+CK^E)G




:8L8A.T;$
MA- @N8F6[(8










DP(*@OW8UL%FUGD!_Y(O)V5M?ABSZ/









!/Q[H
M.A[003EX6C[J2R.WW_X1'QIMD-
_X.:

M(?73A1R/Q_CGY_JZ.$5C?A$']&8/\MF-. 79\QR3]C*V[?JYYN*4G2C4O^^@




M.ER8;P!2B?O+8L=
!!'C./A'O;='IH#

C:+:5<U2)O]1HY V5\-VS<




M?H9ZAY
(68;^FS/OS0]+(A20)1:W=Y


M23_&#4




M?+-!H18FVG^IBTNEJ2.27V'.HD&'V*$/0S!FJ^D!SO832B#^:7(ZI^UDWJ[L
M0%R[C
)L


MO3JQ7F\#OO:!WF=KZI9V1Q%\PEX-HA62;
QR2T:/H)Q33PQ]Q+(6M^+7$%RW
M&CZ@M*C]BXL?ZGQ%_@C8H#]\Z6[MC=1*.H

K6YY_94

KYC
D8R2C_5%

;*6I*
2J.Y*!XT[[ =&1NL\2


N
S5BNIU&7S%2&[F^+^




MOLY6RX46X+@.Q-$_6E
MV^'.N :%]^(-R(=T=EB9F(40%?75R2G+R4M2L5(
MKXRQ7W?3;23BB^V+7G$G-2D*VH]4J%%]UM3K]F!UO-HJ)I]/2PIX L,V3?@
MUK.U4:W\$2OB!B=(+F [F]W ('/GKP#OTNU2RU;3*)9?=7:0#-G#^&4IJIU?
M!(@7U3


9B



$N+.F!5%



M$7TZ/H\N?CL\/^X]8?)//M'VL7]O6\A

CVE@2**K




O$Z&%L.70=B_NX.:,/)
MM&$Y]3B,TN$D#/MGEN8V$[!S, WMDK+F55P _IV&6\9E@8VKZI3AAV3]LI0_
M0XHB[RZ&C2C\'0[G:9?6;=[)%YW.'CZ8L\OSW <N4JH'+C[@LWK!]#HH
S:

M8$XPH:VJY^FF1QE:=F9FE2

EI4*39A]N%BTU'?-$TS&/33K?:=L+P]XZRBU9


'_5J0
M6J*':&])LDA6QU59HU!01GKBA3.P4



1V=N\4

P@Q^HB^SZE&PRO4X*P
M:A


/&8X@%#1:AO@UMV]:AQL LHY?RN*A1


3!ZYF&3_20OGZSBSQUEWBUISC;R=/$RV=K=Q8-&%J
.


M7%QG/
;Z($P9/Y(Q.O] ][PI\77=H')/0T/*(R#;$^$VQ[3:^9@2TV+R) GL
MQ

M!8F.*E%QDL.JC



MC




MZVSY0D4&&)*TCM18!7OGEFBO2@C$IO6C5(OY5)$DX] U!)D\O4:RDJM\/F


+NW


MJ;W





O



@G^P$

M=+:R8]+\C2O_3;G%[+1;
[U!BB9G0XEM_)HS'J8S:B(XZQ[$D[_3/;GI7$I;



MJX

ZWIH2KR
;R-Q9!

M 139$D=6O5&!P^@OW2@BKJ/A54NE$_2XP

RH%[L3L


M6C\Y\

?J4V



ELTF:1!J:Z51[&FBCMJE\8F9$I:*G8=$VUQ )8NJLC1,V!]G*I6.T


)#SC9+@HIRU0]$J6CG]7VN
J
MM_B9_D-H5X:!S=:=
R(H%0Z 1II$J#A3@^4UR9NCZ.)N=F_+1G+:L2L70S-Y

#VC*P_Q/2B%0%WA1VPJ:T^GL2?!B)WV&T2/N::;+XP\K'=:

%L=].)V[_N9E=0TY4*6I$=18%@

MFQ\IHONB]0#=1;P= '6WZ#1_W8L]BQ?(MVEU*WTZDQ!NQ*XKX8*X!PM3FME_


#L]T(O.!2.M\1/#0#PYBH)+&L+*@ -?_SFYU:I&# @ZGUPM

.R

UI-


'?U2XW.9^
? ='(8EM]4U_D/
MO1S9IT



BRE+=#5W$W=GZ!B\#


V*]=5(45--WRQY*#B RJ

MVN^_R)





MP\%L@9JJ*_H-M80L(/7)NS
K/OJ8

) MDOI
MKGC7C\X!!^I ]W.*

MTL--Q+%_XF*KS6Y8)E

O





M@;)N)F !QEWG

ZN!=92&4!'_;'(@]K7EXEX4J[$[@W
M$R-(F2JG(@?I=Q8NW$2_+EWYH



6V#.S_8Y


#DT

M[IM 3'P+]#M[

SBM+F4R?;/ SLQN.?I;*+R+=/2X
@9]Z

M#I6+-F4AJQ(1811D]^]D]Q7\;A)-*J-SI@T@ S:)[5MFW:NYW?6^!N 2SRO5

QQXN%_UC8C6G7=8_


6
0U.5


)ERNPO!EX

M&Z5:.V=



M*Q._UWJF@MR[O@=NZ)76 ZN3WEXJ80ZA294AA8-663(58N]#/$S7BK7:D;

'.@P#8T

MD^DA/V:\S8N [?AFL+#4H.4]ROJ=J9C^6?D/_X(X\R%=LHDR9ML


R:
*(OM 9
MJ?







OJC@/GH@_N7RWM2



A75UL)HL
P7 .4O1ZF(!


MXAV^[

MXL!+Q2



MML59!NX1;[5\7-
8%\
&A:XN+RF\5:*U/P

M.\F5*! 1UP60'9



BI)5FBFGX+
M&\4S\[D';Z#==0#]CD^?R$]


^I@&*O3FH%YS

MF(^B9_L^#V


2R-BSY^MNH+H9*WY
[Y#5@2K8-56' ZPO.&H:V
5




MD$I9RT-H(!&=;PP2!^^ 0\J3TQ%N2



B:L38Q/ZG\D<W.]!ZP:86/3:(PX-
M%A@)O3)50E4P$.!1ME1(7)@F[ZPZ!@ T:D=M/(*]TVT+




=:E
MD4QNL%!6CDP*+SF(@YEF7^Q;5IU?
B_R6U3*TC+0J;T@EKWR+?)B@_# =VH^






M\D%C[T!

41E]Y 9T9[-E*Y3O3& /%



)-@-3?UE56'1VP?/-'VX9H2E;C]J-)3VKX/V$74PD3YD=8WIV^\B2'24
M+@(,@-G*LW4'1

M*S#=U];^8# .BRS.TAS2Y?]WNS$ U2L5TI


ZX^/[SAXR8NRH*^

6-%



2

M5D:0


MR0?0/TN'/I8&#OXQPF


7/O#M *T8RX+L?T2$:/@)$S
MNZE3^H1H!Q^R3PJ[DI0D$99\(*LJQ:.X @U_T##=$+*4Q!F)84V&1P$Y78.Z


2[E/


-

ME$B




M1T7WENA6F4;(M


8U%







W1]PZ@AYULDF0'




R2(88Y48M;X/(
MH&6U5S:'@?OP)(=G-3P326V*KXOLM(/69W0X;Z*O-+DBT9^I3;80
MAK[_4&


M.WE[%5'D0O_VF4-H#AV5P?]02I[]J=O
A[?[]L7J%J*G_M
B\HP]UYX;/O

MVLXYVW,;$/-*[\@E*FY9;-#S9Q\\ZVK6S%YZ.YJ]Z%MF[BMPM?V209;9@/]
MABP$5N=C\%JOV)/WF%9A[AX^DO^O%PY\RJ+Z3#40B';.[@XC(YTM5I.[)@1

)[STEQN\M*$$S6%L_SP.VXD]+/Z.)1^@+X%

M^(J3A/YJ2L_=ZYR]1@.C[S+ZCD6$-

0BPY3N/D
M\




S&-/V^Z^C)SV6O52@)
[8B8/0



MSXQ5 CWHRF9T.?

MDR5(EI-KZVPLXZ)



F^+5MCAY3M5K



SW@=8OK?BW)HDK.G#

F7O$7W.B
.@ ^? W)3BIO IL&+C53C/5J!IK#(+0.<-(GDW26K#N7C;
M;^IU]&E#%0T_CH\8$'&YI!#ATD.)@MR0%#74*9U5!?LN2
QBF2H1F#1AN#(


MM




M#__'B4%-)W&-97?$3KA*SX)5(;S*9R0V?-MTZW5F






3T!\LO#P[P3Y$.=Y-P;R=TS!_$MEUVM
MX+



PBR4?@'?+

CF]/ X89Q4KDW^2F$&I*
QS2?
RP0ON #LGQ 8FN8W:L/$QF

M;KG=:S;:D_!)&A13[*+4R4-9+#



2L-Q\3S


08_8C)$G]5



MBP3BZ%B9$QQ/
8PM27G
M%*-1B=?]QL#DC/,=Q&JFV'-I7T5EF2G!L.9=O\T*[(0E!9+4P6NQ7-/%&5
MF#F,5?MU:@W<'.7ND?)NO88!61R^Q(SA#Y_S\W@8S]N5D[-'V&Q14TZ!UCP$
M2*YM\KA2F,IB=_H%)S8D%743<P5Y[F (4H1._W(&RI'XB1T)23<VF'\1 #L

+-:+XH.PU !*E)DR[H&AX42*IL1Z3KZ6V/F;U02^YVLD
M:7@F%/0W%([T]R&G*-[I$H]AR9**

MFGKUBMVI!ISS

OI$04D
M\EA49
%D=T:04FRM #].^MOS.GH_7UYAQO/YP?7DGI-;-XG&*4.^C^W/#=OZ
M6AQ-MQ!7V/7UOR:W;//:V[\GZ#%^O-HN4+@!5'%JR7J'2)#=-.[L#C]6I^

?C:ORC




3W9X
:U29Z#RUE7RT'P(XGQ3^[_









N!
MGK*5W=&_ *KT[J=V


4=7MXNM<





M%H(Q;3!B%8 8%7]YDX^0*3



M8/'Z$[C34'*2%+PU'NJ3'9 

M24)?!;J&@VO$\J[P)W2\O?.

]N++:F3V]_E42MWGIA7OUA

M3

MP_)6



D#;+K@4[BO=:
[&P-]_=-F
M7'5F9!ZWXX)8HGU-)'MO_YZMIX@/V:[2,!KFG%(^U:-B(%P(@J.2*I$$O3


X53(:PM/)&#=4:U)_
@1O$J:F4EL;@0#6


















-./
G5T.[@RM#KM@/:W0Z8JUT2Z(WJW%(
MI-OTNW6/Z%@'+9K['
V'E-)4CPC3AA *6-!ZP$0@H[=
Z(?ICCJK4E:UZ;


M1[]3

<!9D27;


VS?^BG]JG1# S8%/$@EFVN-/*BK:T
M6*(UL;D
V<F1E
M&.0]XC3@-GZ-&-



M23A=[/1E9


MZ.F


C*XO)E8H'[&1BI:H7&


M_9T(526^B^

M4'N *.*FZ1GQG1C+*LM2C+X'%Y@AG&$B5]3Z3O9BOQ!V9$_$NR0473T:A/
MN
4(^-T+$W(THN A$T6)W6J,^G:S7L^9'#=KDMZJ%<)T1/<#Q)6^1B,U3-Q[
MHH)-3*O0;L%/K'Z1R$B .9Q[UT,#D#!JEW'RQY!MJ4F!
FMCT7.


/%OFR!K(3#KZ&DZS7LQ-#





7%YGNIQMJE4)U?O!DTB]HW2(JUY!H/T*J%]A X5[@BA6PUZ(_4=
MLX,&PRL*NUMIM.@];5%V))UT;4)J/B-4V(?U/M^\
[:F


MA_P?



-*'AMAM0&0K!;438^P7)

MU_WUD4FF59;\?]JKT\@TPK2&O2*AZN&DVCE)E-;U2PR;=;B_Q7)YB332KN,
M8&75BW*[2?1Y4:&_@(E',J78IPNB7R (8)8J&OEUB4.U92E[N[\\(LWO/;&



 /\_Z*&-

M(!'A%E9BF98T0K!HTBT


M&P%(6=:&I+*+VE%_]+Z2?R

MYU8ZIS:K:RPN=AH]70A7\]I


MIY/



(2-



DLK-I/=O*%'M$




M7*#?$U
RY69@SW^:3LZ7H6 K1RVL_6$HTFT\:^




A]W/O7Z?3G1O

1L-P0HIMB:A5? O1-O)]L5QFBB6R

@28U1H1H=Q'/4]NT&:G?.VR9R8&B2F[FAJ






MJ5WIS%[@6U/)K%&/A%*XGZW^YI1&WHS0N1B_%0%X.& BSUA0
7WL%F6=+NWX



MW+EFX36NI=?8D*RI3+&QUM.--KVSNH70ZL4:OBS7;!MGV$LOBX[8LG$-0_W




R

M$=GV2

S*6A6]?0


]?
MI=%?L_.'!_4.^W[

8) 8C5 _O
M^-&7([K4(]07 KSIANIG;&_#?I=\N@;^WVG^BE9Z
CP#&':
T+._K5?NN/1

MJWA-1O*(7'LZ^0&WUG(ILN+9HR[.QC=W%M]0F4G8=PH+22\NF8/XH
MO]LP.


7B/K:('A%&FTV'#YJA%Y[83[8H&!V:N_

M(

8QSR4^RG#'[TER SZH:_%7
M/]0(6LPHQT.

MLCH^6/


M5DB77*

$C[


M66@54O5L=-LUL2[B9@TQ460VR=MK:HT3?Y[B#RH0XP@?CP3N)XK'/@%+[T&A



MV_W]=C%?S#96;T29JRN1BTM_
O'SA%0KQYANZ]1D8
\+S/\*[(0V$KLTFHFW


E^W$-


&KA



M(0W^F7TE)&&L%D8@3:

7
P
MJ5[


=*CO2Z
M(M

M+*\#!\NL;@B#AEF5ODFT;&



[SJ]VZ(

:*N? VUAY-32


W@]
QMSY_
M_L-N/\.$U]X91H9_M.)2=O;(?2RMZ=34RVK7QZ;SO4HE@O&BRA.!Z:Z*KE[&




'

MAM\$WB0


39-$KX)BF3J/1G(3G=ZL*3



_=R*_0D@/XEVP#PYW^B:[MD05Y49@W&8X_YW:WJ_:
MRXSQO,NV%NK_K?*5+2
=CT\O



M)]I%I
E1%?*_

M$-S7Q7))PA4Z#Z/HM;$8JF6D$
P-PQW(XVE+^;'W3+LJE@AM;' A[LC-2BM

M2KD/






M\YCU!O!@WW'AJR_PN@=AIP?/^RCL=0(O)!]
]][ID:+QRV=G]C[4$3P QO*A

MYS'T
5+X/3N?OKQD=R[:LTWMEK[K5[]37L6@:&U;ZE\QL[5.Q:J6[CW8+]


MHP+5:OG2R-


M[2%HV/%L8,/HV_1@U -^LUJK4LZ0U;5J_ZH8($&T=/
L]4P21 Z.E-D/P8



=*U



M*MS6=\
N

EJ)G<NB06'_
M(:C@C3(EY_94&&T2YN=2@:I)RQ


MA/+
WS%@(:E_@3MWO!SYD%)+AU.

4N):6%A8U&#0
1.\C*8AG!R0!'1PE\[P4X!8]




MRO 6

P+C4)(7N=2;
M&I5$.WMKQA^#9R4X*OGM?_Y'JU:M_1_T.S4RBG%)PZN+%T:OZ+9+R=DHT2-9
M+=M*U5TLDVN2=T%WB2EZ^RWK9KE39-GV.RN*9QC-LMJ9P3\TV^V7.X9:T^5$


6B;%R7Z

1VFN*9&Y
_E8I4J2%50O?80 '73@(7V.YGOT=JW6







=NL:6H@SA;()O3**-9G)3/P3[-Q%@STMWQ

/&7UC8CQA#
J%
RF





<F.8LUFQ%5*9\
M(#(*BQOQ@4#0+8Q'G/L

Z&TIV'T$T(J,)H
M-O9&BBMVWA253C\Q)J96O(DWO!^NX:6'S#OH1Q^7/JW[7;W?_\_4$L#!!0



R.&P1K1 %XC
M2E:2F*P$




KM-(?








B?RB



9!B=6#$_FW/

M8R+'Z

=L$25I/^:IW]R3
B:2



B%R
MB4'LDF0\XY.E&!7Z/NNW(XE#K]@T'4$O8R*]&


^PRH%$QD82&9PQHCMZ12#W#+B


RSQSI'*QQ)Q^PRZ%$K




Y6GHR:-W
M!UG((;80*

M[L#3.\06PIA*]XXLY!!;&/*W;N++.026PACRJML+K*02VPACFOLKG(0BZQ
MA3FO,KF(@NYQ!;F/(JFXLLY!);&&JJVPNLI!+;&
<]H$Y\@$$5

MK'DX?)9I-;?\_=-F

$%     @ )WI63L'Q


QDIEG8:Z0









HV'$&Q8ZC9

M*-QQ!N6.HW3'&;0[CN(=9U#O.

M9I@6'2:&F!8E)J:8%BTFQI@6-2;FF!8])@:9%D4F)ID&3::G*-






M*Y?L[


MBJP91=:
(FM&D36CR)I19
THLF8463.*K!E%UIPB:TZ1-:?(FE-DS2FRYA19

M@B)K09&UH
A:4&0M*+(6%%D+BJP%1=:2(FM)D;6DR%I29TILI8464N*K5%
MUI(B:TF1M:+(6E%DK2BR5A19*XJL%476BB)K19&UHLA:4615DD*KDA1;E:3@


69
MRN*
96'FLA1F
$MA)K
49C1+77
VZW2





7V @  1PP




  !X

&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#
N




&UL4$L! A0#%     @
M)WI63D-6B4:!@  RQ\  !@              ( !*8  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E
M=',O<VAE970W+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( =Z5DZE@X0CQ0(  $8+   8

4



P

&PO=V]R:W-H965T
M<R]S:&5E=#$T+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( =Z5DZ88Z1.LP$  -(#   9





M0UVV 0  T@





M% 


C0N

  !D              ( !









E9.H8



&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E
M=#,X+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( =Z5DY%/3Z^]0$  
L%   9



M='

YX;6Q02P$% 


MT@
  !D              ( !:'


RYX


4





O













M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( =Z5D[/]0)9)P(  !0&   9                9BF


M970V-YX;6Q02P$% 









YX;6Q02P$% 
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S
M:&5E=#<Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( =Z5D[_6[KZCP
  'T1   9


&UL4$L! A0#%     @ )WI63K)H[4^



^TGGH  !=   &0


  *T






&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E
M=#@S+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( =Z5DY#(T;UR@(  /
)   9


M='






M     ( !)0





M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( =Z5DZJMVEU]0$  %D&   9              


O

  %0.   9                9P= 0!X;]W;W)K




M4$L! A0#%     @ )WI63N0P=+S^ @  20L  !H              ( !8B
!







M4$L! A0#%     @ )WI63H8MIL9O @  1P@  !H              ( !QS(!





M970Q





M:&5E='





M4$L! A0#%     @ )WI63@$X^/3I @  [ H  !H              ( !KT
!



M2NO_ P  GA


M970Q

].$]& P  &@T  !H


3


M:&5E='





M4$L! A0#%     @ )WI63M*MLC+! @  UPD  !H              ( !1%
!





M970Q

  !H




M:&5E='



M A0#%     @ )WI63L'Q5!9Y P  N4@  !H              ( !I9

M @  L44  !

end








// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105.
var Show={};Show.LastAR=null
Show.showAR=function(a
r
w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0);
e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}}
if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d
p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'}
e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 NET OTHER (INCOME) EXPENSE

      
      

 NET OTHER (INCOME) EXPENSE

      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 NET OTHER (INCOME) EXPENSE

      
      

 NET OTHER (INCOME) EXPENSE

      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 NET - SCHEDULE OF OTHER (INCOME) AND EXPENSE

      
      

 NET - SCHEDULE OF OTHER (INCOME) AND EXPENSE

      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    

  
  










{
 instance: {
  a2018form10-kq4.htm: {
   axisCustom: 0
   axisStandard: 40
   contextCount: 557
   dts: {
    calculationLink: {
     local: [
      hsy-20181231_cal.xml
     ]
    }
    definitionLink: {
     local: [
      hsy-20181231_def.xml
     ]
     remote: [
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2018/elts/srt-eedm1-def-2018-01-31.xml
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2018/elts/us-gaap-eedm-def-2018-01-31.xml
     ]
    }
    inline: {
     local: [
      a2018form10-kq4.htm
     ]
    }
    labelLink: {
     local: [
      hsy-20181231_lab.xml
     ]
     remote: [
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2018/elts/srt-doc-2018-01-31.xml
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2018/elts/us-gaap-doc-2018-01-31.xml
      http://xbrl.sec.gov/invest/2013/invest-doc-2013-01-31.xml
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2018/dei-doc-2018-01-31.xml
     ]
    }
    presentationLink: {
     local: [
      hsy-20181231_pre.xml
     ]
    }
    referenceLink: {
     remote: [
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2018/elts/srt-ref-2018-01-31.xml
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2018/elts/us-gaap-ref-2018-01-31.xml
      http://xbrl.sec.gov/invest/2013/invest-ref-2013-01-31.xml
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2018/dei-ref-2018-01-31.xml
     ]
    }
    schema: {
     local: [
      hsy-20181231.xsd
     ]
     remote: [
      http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-instance-2003-12-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xl-2003-12-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xlink-2003-12-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt-2005.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2006/ref-2006-02-27.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/nonNumeric-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/numeric-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/arcrole/factExplanatory-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/deprecated-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/negated-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/net-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/reference-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2018/elts/srt-2018-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2018/elts/srt-roles-2018-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2018/elts/srt-types-2018-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2018/elts/us-gaap-2018-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2018/elts/us-parts-codification-2018-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2018/elts/us-roles-2018-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2018/elts/us-types-2018-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2017/country-2017-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.sec.gov/currency/2017/currency-2017-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.sec.gov/invest/2013/invest-2013-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.sec.gov/naics/2017/naics-2017-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.sec.gov/sic/2011/sic-2011-01-31.xsd
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2018/dei-2018-01-31.xsd
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/exch/2018/exch-2018-01-31.xsd
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2018/stpr-2018-01-31.xsd
     ]
    }
   }
   elementCount: 949
   entityCount: 1
   hidden: {
    http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31: 41
    http://www.hersheys.com/20181231: 3
    http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2018-01-31: 14
    http://xbrl.sec.gov/invest/2013-01-31: 1
    total: 59
   }
   keyCustom: 59
   keyStandard: 531
   memberCustom: 44
   memberStandard: 80
   nsprefix: hsy
   nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
   report: {
    R1: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: dei:DocumentType
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: document
     isDefault: true
     longName: 0001000 - Document - DOCUMENT AND ENTITY INFORMATION
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation
     shortName: DOCUMENT AND ENTITY INFORMATION
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: dei:DocumentType
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R10: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:MergersAcquisitionsAndDispositionsDisclosuresTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2103100 - Disclosure - BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitions
     shortName: BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:MergersAcquisitionsAndDispositionsDisclosuresTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R100: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2423403 - Disclosure - STOCK COMPENSATION PLANS - SCHEDULE OF COMPENSATION EXPENSE AND INCOME TAX BENEFITS FOR STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION PROGRAMS (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfCompensationExpenseAndIncomeTaxBenefitsForStockBasedCompensationProgramsDetails
     shortName: STOCK COMPENSATION PLANS - SCHEDULE OF COMPENSATION EXPENSE AND INCOME TAX BENEFITS FOR STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION PROGRAMS (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R101: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2017Q4
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2423404 - Disclosure - STOCK COMPENSATION PLANS - SCHEDULE OF STOCK OPTION ACTIVITY (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
     shortName: STOCK COMPENSATION PLANS - SCHEDULE OF STOCK OPTION ACTIVITY (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: 0
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R102: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: 3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2423405 - Disclosure - STOCK COMPENSATION PLANS - SCHEDULE OF FAIR VALUE WEIGHTED-AVERAGE ASSUMPTIONS (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfFairValueWeightedAverageAssumptionsDetails
     shortName: STOCK COMPENSATION PLANS - SCHEDULE OF FAIR VALUE WEIGHTED-AVERAGE ASSUMPTIONS (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: 3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageVolatilityRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R103: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeAxis_hsy_ExercisePriceRangeOneMember
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2423406 - Disclosure - STOCK COMPENSATION PLANS - SCHEDULE OF STOCK OPTION INFORMATION BY EXERCISE PRICE RANGE (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfStockOptionInformationByExercisePriceRangeDetails
     shortName: STOCK COMPENSATION PLANS - SCHEDULE OF STOCK OPTION INFORMATION BY EXERCISE PRICE RANGE (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeAxis_hsy_ExercisePriceRangeOneMember
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R104: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2017Q4_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis_hsy_PerformanceSharesAndRestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2423407 - Disclosure - STOCK COMPENSATION PLANS - SCHEDULE OF PSUs AND RSUs ACTIVITY (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfPsusAndRsusActivityDetails
     shortName: STOCK COMPENSATION PLANS - SCHEDULE OF PSUs AND RSUs ACTIVITY (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis_hsy_PerformanceSharesAndRestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember
      decimals: INF
      lang: null
      name: hsy:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsPerformanceAssumptionChange
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R105: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: 3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2423408 - Disclosure - STOCK COMPENSATION PLANS - SCHEDULE OF PSUs AND RSUS FAIR VALUE WEIGHTED-AVERAGE ASSUMPTIONS (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfPsusAndRsusFairValueWeightedAverageAssumptionsDetails
     shortName: STOCK COMPENSATION PLANS - SCHEDULE OF PSUs AND RSUS FAIR VALUE WEIGHTED-AVERAGE ASSUMPTIONS (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis_hsy_PerformanceSharesAndRestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember
      decimals: 2
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:SharePrice
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usdPerShare
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R106: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNetMember_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis_us-gaap_GeographicConcentrationRiskMember_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis_hsy_NorthAmericaSegmentMember
      decimals: 2
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ConcentrationRiskPercentage1
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2424402 - Disclosure - - SEGMENT INFORMATION NARRATIVE (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationNarrativeDetails
     shortName: - SEGMENT INFORMATION NARRATIVE (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNetMember_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis_us-gaap_GeographicConcentrationRiskMember_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis_hsy_NorthAmericaSegmentMember
      decimals: 2
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ConcentrationRiskPercentage1
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R107: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4QTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:Revenues
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2424403 - Disclosure - - SCHEDULE OF NET SALES AND EARNINGS BY SEGMENT (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfNetSalesAndEarningsBySegmentDetails
     shortName: - SCHEDULE OF NET SALES AND EARNINGS BY SEGMENT (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis_us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:OperatingIncomeLoss
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R108: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis_us-gaap_CommodityContractMember_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis_us-gaap_MaterialReconcilingItemsMember
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: hsy:NetMarktoMarketValuationofCertainDerivativePositionsRecognizedinUnallocatedDerivativeGainsLosses
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2424404 - Disclosure - SEGMENT INFORMATION - SCHEDULE OF UNALLOCATED MARK-TO-MARKET (GAINS) LOSSES ON COMMODITY DERIVATIVES (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationScheduleOfUnallocatedMarkToMarketGainsLossesOnCommodityDerivativesDetails
     shortName: SEGMENT INFORMATION - SCHEDULE OF UNALLOCATED MARK-TO-MARKET (GAINS) LOSSES ON COMMODITY DERIVATIVES (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis_us-gaap_CommodityContractMember_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis_us-gaap_MaterialReconcilingItemsMember
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: hsy:NetMarktoMarketValuationofCertainDerivativePositionsRecognizedinUnallocatedDerivativeGainsLosses
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R109: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2424405 - Disclosure - - SCHEDULE OF DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION EXPENSE INCLUDED WITHIN SEGMENT INCOME (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfDepreciationAndAmortizationExpenseIncludedWithinSegmentIncomeDetails
     shortName: - SCHEDULE OF DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION EXPENSE INCLUDED WITHIN SEGMENT INCOME (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD_srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis_us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis_hsy_NorthAmericaSegmentMember
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R11: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2104100 - Disclosure - GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssets
     shortName: GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R110: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4QTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:Revenues
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2424406 - Disclosure - - SCHEDULE OF SEGMENT INFORMATION BY GEOGRAPHY (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSegmentInformationByGeographyDetails
     shortName: - SCHEDULE OF SEGMENT INFORMATION BY GEOGRAPHY (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis_country_US
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:Revenues
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R111: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4QTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:Revenues
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2424407 - Disclosure - SEGMENT INFORMATION - SCHEDULE OF ADDITIONAL PRODUCT LINE SALES (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationScheduleOfAdditionalProductLineSalesDetails
     shortName: SEGMENT INFORMATION - SCHEDULE OF ADDITIONAL PRODUCT LINE SALES (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis_hsy_ConfectioneryandConfectionerybasedPortfolioMember
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:Revenues
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R112: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: hsy:CommonandPreferredStockSharesAuthorized
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2425402 - Disclosure - EQUITY AND NONCONTROLLING INTEREST - EQUITY AND NONCONTROLLING INTEREST NARRATIVE (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestEquityAndNoncontrollingInterestNarrativeDetails
     shortName: EQUITY AND NONCONTROLLING INTEREST - EQUITY AND NONCONTROLLING INTEREST NARRATIVE (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis_hsy_HersheyCommonStockMember
      decimals: INF
      lang: null
      name: hsy:CommonStockNumberofVotes
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: vote
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R113: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CommonStockSharesIssued
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2425403 - Disclosure - EQUITY AND NONCONTROLLING INTEREST - SCHEDULE OF THE CHANGES IN THE OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMMON STOCK (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestScheduleOfChangesInOutstandingSharesOfCommmonStockDetails
     shortName: EQUITY AND NONCONTROLLING INTEREST - SCHEDULE OF THE CHANGES IN THE OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMMON STOCK (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2016Q4
      decimals: INF
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CommonStockSharesIssued
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R114: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2017Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:MinorityInterest
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2425404 - Disclosure - EQUITY AND NONCONTROLLING INTEREST - SCHEDULE OF ACTIVITY RELATING TO THE NONCONTROLLING INTEREST (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestScheduleOfActivityRelatingToNoncontrollingInterestDetails
     shortName: EQUITY AND NONCONTROLLING INTEREST - SCHEDULE OF ACTIVITY RELATING TO THE NONCONTROLLING INTEREST (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaap_NoncontrollingInterestMember
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R115: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationByCategoryOfItemPurchasedAxis_us-gaap_InventoriesMember
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFirstAnniversary
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2426402 - Disclosure - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES - SCHEDULE OF PURCHASE OBLIGATIONS COVERED BY PUTCHASE AGREEMENTS WITH VARIOUS SUPPLIERS FUTURE MATURTY SCHEDULE (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfPurchaseObligationsCoveredByPutchaseAgreementsWithVariousSuppliersFutureMaturtyScheduleDetails
     shortName: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES - SCHEDULE OF PURCHASE OBLIGATIONS COVERED BY PUTCHASE AGREEMENTS WITH VARIOUS SUPPLIERS FUTURE MATURTY SCHEDULE (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationByCategoryOfItemPurchasedAxis_us-gaap_InventoriesMember
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFirstAnniversary
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R116: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2426403 - Disclosure - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES - SCHEDULE  OF OPERATING AND CAPITAL LEASE OBLIGATIONS (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfOperatingAndCapitalLeaseObligationsDetails
     shortName: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES - SCHEDULE  OF OPERATING AND CAPITAL LEASE OBLIGATIONS (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R117: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: dei:EntityNumberOfEmployees
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: employee
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2426404 - Disclosure - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES NARRATIVE (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesCommitmentsAndContingenciesNarrativeDetails
     shortName: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES NARRATIVE (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: dei:EntityNumberOfEmployees
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: employee
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R118: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis_hsy_HersheyCommonStockMember
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:Dividends
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2427402 - Disclosure - - SCHEDULE OF BASIC AND DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
     shortName: - SCHEDULE OF BASIC AND DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis_hsy_HersheyCommonStockMember
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:Dividends
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R119: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis_us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2427403 - Disclosure - EARNINGS PER SHARE - EARNINGS PER SHARE NARRATIVE (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/EarningsPerShareEarningsPerShareNarrativeDetails
     shortName: EARNINGS PER SHARE - EARNINGS PER SHARE NARRATIVE (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis_us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R12: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DebtDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2105100 - Disclosure - SHORT AND LONG-TERM DEBT
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebt
     shortName: SHORT AND LONG-TERM DEBT
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DebtDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R120: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:EquityMethodInvestmentOtherThanTemporaryImpairment
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2428402 - Disclosure - OTHER (INCOME) EXPENSE, NET - SCHEDULE OF OTHER (INCOME) AND EXPENSE, NET (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/OtherIncomeExpenseNetScheduleOfOtherIncomeAndExpenseNetDetails
     shortName: OTHER (INCOME) EXPENSE, NET - SCHEDULE OF OTHER (INCOME) AND EXPENSE, NET (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: hsy:DefinedBenefitPlanNonServiceCost
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R121: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:InventoryRawMaterialsNetOfReserves
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2429402 - Disclosure - - SCHEDULE OF SUPPLEMENTAL BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     shortName: - SCHEDULE OF SUPPLEMENTAL BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:InventoryRawMaterialsNetOfReserves
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R122: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4QTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:Revenues
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2430402 - Disclosure - - SCHEDULE OF QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationDetails
     shortName: - SCHEDULE OF QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q3_srt_RangeAxis_srt_MaximumMember
      decimals: INF
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:SharePrice
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usdPerShare
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R123: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2017Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2431401 - Disclosure - SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetails
     shortName: SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2015Q4
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R13: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DerivativesAndFairValueTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2106100 - Disclosure - DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstruments
     shortName: DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DerivativesAndFairValueTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R14: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementInputsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2107100 - Disclosure - FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsFairValueMeasurements
     shortName: FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementInputsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R15: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2112100 - Disclosure - ASSETS AND LIABILITIES HELD FOR SALE ASSETS AND LIABILITIES HELD FOR SALE (Notes)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleNotes
     shortName: ASSETS AND LIABILITIES HELD FOR SALE ASSETS AND LIABILITIES HELD FOR SALE (Notes)
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R16: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:RestructuringImpairmentAndOtherActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2116100 - Disclosure - BUSINESS REALIGNMENT ACTIVITIES
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivities
     shortName: BUSINESS REALIGNMENT ACTIVITIES
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:RestructuringImpairmentAndOtherActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R17: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2117100 - Disclosure - INCOME TAXES
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxes
     shortName: INCOME TAXES
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R18: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2118100 - Disclosure - PENSION AND OTHER POST-RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlans
     shortName: PENSION AND OTHER POST-RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R19: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2123100 - Disclosure - STOCK COMPENSATION PLANS
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlans
     shortName: STOCK COMPENSATION PLANS
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R2: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4QTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:Revenues
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1001000 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: null
    }
    R20: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2124100 - Disclosure - SEGMENT INFORMATION
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformation
     shortName: SEGMENT INFORMATION
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R21: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2125100 - Disclosure - EQUITY AND NONCONTROLLING INTEREST
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterest
     shortName: EQUITY AND NONCONTROLLING INTEREST
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R22: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2126100 - Disclosure - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingencies
     shortName: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R23: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2127100 - Disclosure - EARNINGS PER SHARE
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/EarningsPerShare
     shortName: EARNINGS PER SHARE
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R24: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfOtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2128100 - Disclosure - OTHER (INCOME) EXPENSE, NET OTHER (INCOME) EXPENSE, NET
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/OtherIncomeExpenseNetOtherIncomeExpenseNet
     shortName: OTHER (INCOME) EXPENSE, NET OTHER (INCOME) EXPENSE, NET
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfOtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R25: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:SupplementalBalanceSheetDisclosuresTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2129100 - Disclosure - SUPPLEMENTAL BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/SupplementalBalanceSheetInformation
     shortName: SUPPLEMENTAL BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:SupplementalBalanceSheetDisclosuresTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R26: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2130100 - Disclosure - QUARTERLY DATA (Unaudited)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/QuarterlyDataUnaudited
     shortName: QUARTERLY DATA (Unaudited)
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R27: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: srt:ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2131100 - Disclosure - SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccounts
     shortName: SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: srt:ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R28: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:BusinessDescriptionAndBasisOfPresentationTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2201201 - Disclosure - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Policies)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     shortName: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Policies)
     subGroupType: policies
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:BusinessDescriptionAndBasisOfPresentationTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R29: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfNewAccountingPronouncementsAndChangesInAccountingPrinciplesTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2301302 - Disclosure - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Tables)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesTables
     shortName: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfNewAccountingPronouncementsAndChangesInAccountingPrinciplesTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R3: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ProfitLoss
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1002000 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentBeforeTax
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R30: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis_hsy_PirateBrandsMember
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2303301 - Disclosure - BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS (Tables)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsTables
     shortName: BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis_hsy_PirateBrandsMember
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R31: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2304301 - Disclosure - GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Tables)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsTables
     shortName: GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R32: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2305301 - Disclosure - SHORT AND LONG-TERM DEBT (Tables)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtTables
     shortName: SHORT AND LONG-TERM DEBT (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R33: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsInStatementOfFinancialPositionFairValueTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2306301 - Disclosure - DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS (Tables)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsTables
     shortName: DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsInStatementOfFinancialPositionFairValueTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R34: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnNonrecurringBasisTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2307301 - Disclosure - FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Tables)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsFairValueMeasurementsTables
     shortName: FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnNonrecurringBasisTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R35: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsIncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2312301 - Disclosure - ASSETS AND LIABILITIES HELD FOR SALE ASSETS AND LIABILITIES HELD FOR SALE (Tables)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleTables
     shortName: ASSETS AND LIABILITIES HELD FOR SALE ASSETS AND LIABILITIES HELD FOR SALE (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsIncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R36: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2316301 - Disclosure - BUSINESS REALIGNMENT ACTIVITIES (Tables)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesTables
     shortName: BUSINESS REALIGNMENT ACTIVITIES (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R37: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2317301 - Disclosure - INCOME TAXES (Tables)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     shortName: INCOME TAXES (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R38: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2318301 - Disclosure - PENSION AND OTHER POST-RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS (Tables)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansTables
     shortName: PENSION AND OTHER POST-RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R39: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfCompensationCostForShareBasedPaymentArrangementsAllocationOfShareBasedCompensationCostsByPlanTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2323301 - Disclosure - STOCK COMPENSATION PLANS (Tables)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansTables
     shortName: STOCK COMPENSATION PLANS (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfCompensationCostForShareBasedPaymentArrangementsAllocationOfShareBasedCompensationCostsByPlanTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R4: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1003000 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:AccountsReceivableNetCurrent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R40: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2324301 - Disclosure - SEGMENT INFORMATION (Tables)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationTables
     shortName: SEGMENT INFORMATION (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R41: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfCommonStockOutstandingRollForwardTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2325301 - Disclosure - EQUITY AND NONCONTROLLING INTEREST (Tables)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestTables
     shortName: EQUITY AND NONCONTROLLING INTEREST (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfCommonStockOutstandingRollForwardTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R42: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2326301 - Disclosure - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Tables)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesTables
     shortName: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R43: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2327301 - Disclosure - EARNINGS PER SHARE (Tables)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/EarningsPerShareTables
     shortName: EARNINGS PER SHARE (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R44: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:OtherIncomeAndOtherExpenseDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2328301 - Disclosure - OTHER (INCOME) EXPENSE, NET OTHER (INCOME) EXPENSE, NET (Tables)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/OtherIncomeExpenseNetOtherIncomeExpenseNetTables
     shortName: OTHER (INCOME) EXPENSE, NET OTHER (INCOME) EXPENSE, NET (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:OtherIncomeAndOtherExpenseDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R45: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: hsy:ScheduleofSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2329301 - Disclosure - SUPPLEMENTAL BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION (Tables)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/SupplementalBalanceSheetInformationTables
     shortName: SUPPLEMENTAL BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: hsy:ScheduleofSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R46: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2330301 - Disclosure - QUARTERLY DATA (Tables)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/QuarterlyDataTables
     shortName: QUARTERLY DATA (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R47: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: hsy:NumberOfBrandNames
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: brand_name
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2401403 - Disclosure - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesDescriptionOfBusinessAndBasisOfPresentationDetails
     shortName: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: hsy:NumberOfBrandNames
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: brand_name
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R48: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: hsy:PromotionalCostsEstimateDeviationPercentage
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2401404 - Disclosure - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - REVENUE RECOGNITION (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesRevenueRecognitionDetails
     shortName: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - REVENUE RECOGNITION (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: hsy:PromotionalCostsEstimateDeviationPercentage
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R49: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2401405 - Disclosure - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - SELLING, MARKETING AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSE (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesSellingMarketingAndAdministrativeExpenseDetails
     shortName: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - SELLING, MARKETING AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSE (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R5: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CommonStockSharesIssued
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1003501 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Parenthetical)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Parenthetical)
     subGroupType: parenthetical
     uniqueAnchor: null
    }
    R50: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2401406 - Disclosure - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE - TRADE (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAccountsReceivableTradeDetails
     shortName: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE - TRADE (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R51: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: 2
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:PercentageOfLIFOInventory
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2401407 - Disclosure - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - INVENTORIES (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesInventoriesDetails
     shortName: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - INVENTORIES (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: 2
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:PercentageOfLIFOInventory
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R52: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: hsy:CapitalLeasedAssetsNet
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2401408 - Disclosure - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     shortName: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: hsy:CapitalLeasedAssetsNet
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R53: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CapitalizedComputerSoftwareNet
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2401409 - Disclosure - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - COMPUTER SOFTWARE (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesComputerSoftwareDetails
     shortName: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - COMPUTER SOFTWARE (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis_us-gaap_SoftwareAndSoftwareDevelopmentCostsMember
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CapitalizedComputerSoftwareNet
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R54: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2401410 - Disclosure - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesRecentAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     shortName: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: hsy:TaxCutsandJobsActof2017ReclassificationfromAOCItoRetainedEarnings
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R55: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4QTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:Revenues
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2403402 - Disclosure - BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS - PIRATE BRANDS NARRATIVE (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsNarrativeDetails
     shortName: BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS - PIRATE BRANDS NARRATIVE (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: D2018Q3Oct17_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis_hsy_PirateBrandsMember
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R56: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:Goodwill
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2403403 - Disclosure - BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS - PIRATE BRANDS ASSETS ACQUIRED AND LIABILITIES ASSUMED ALLOCATION (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
     shortName: BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS - PIRATE BRANDS ASSETS ACQUIRED AND LIABILITIES ASSUMED ALLOCATION (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: I2018Q4_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis_hsy_PirateBrandsMember
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedInventory
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R57: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: I2018Q1
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: hsy:BusinessAcquisitionEquityInterestsReceivedCommonStockValue
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2403404 - Disclosure - BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS - AMPLIFY SNACK BRANDS, INC NARRATIVE (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncNarrativeDetails
     shortName: BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS - AMPLIFY SNACK BRANDS, INC NARRATIVE (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: I2018Q1
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: hsy:BusinessAcquisitionEquityInterestsReceivedCommonStockValue
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R58: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:Goodwill
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2403405 - Disclosure - BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS - AMPLIFY SNACK BRANDS, INC ASSETS ACQUIRED AND LIABILITIES ASSUMED ALLOCATION (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
     shortName: BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS - AMPLIFY SNACK BRANDS, INC ASSETS ACQUIRED AND LIABILITIES ASSUMED ALLOCATION (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: I2018Q1_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis_hsy_AmplifySnackBrandsInc.Member
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCashAndEquivalents
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R59: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:Goodwill
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2403406 - Disclosure - BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS - RIPPLE BRAND COLLECTIVE, LLC ASSETS ACQUIRED AND LIABILITIES ASSUMED ALLOCATION (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsRippleBrandCollectiveLlcAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
     shortName: BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS - RIPPLE BRAND COLLECTIVE, LLC ASSETS ACQUIRED AND LIABILITIES ASSUMED ALLOCATION (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: I2016Q2SD_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis_hsy_RippleBrandCollectiveLLCMember
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:Goodwill
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R6: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:InterestPaid
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1004000 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:InterestPaid
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R60: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: D2016Q2SD_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis_hsy_RippleBrandCollectiveLLCMember_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis_us-gaap_TrademarksMember
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2403407 - Disclosure - BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS - RIPPLE BRAND COLLECTIVE, LLC NARRATIVE (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsRippleBrandCollectiveLlcNarrativeDetails
     shortName: BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS - RIPPLE BRAND COLLECTIVE, LLC NARRATIVE (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: D2016Q2SD_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis_hsy_RippleBrandCollectiveLLCMember_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis_us-gaap_TrademarksMember
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R61: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2403408 - Disclosure - BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS - SHANGHAI GOLDEN MONKEY NARRATIVE (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsShanghaiGoldenMonkeyNarrativeDetails
     shortName: BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS - SHANGHAI GOLDEN MONKEY NARRATIVE (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: I2016Q1Feb03_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis_hsy_ShanghaiGoldenMonkeyFoodJointStockCo.Ltd.Member
      decimals: 2
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:BusinessAcquisitionPercentageOfVotingInterestsAcquired
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R62: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2016Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:GoodwillGross
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2404402 - Disclosure - GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS - SCHEDULE OF CHANGES IN CARRYING VALUE OF GOODWILL BY REPORTABLE SEGMENT (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfChangesInCarryingValueOfGoodwillByReportableSegmentDetails
     shortName: GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS - SCHEDULE OF CHANGES IN CARRYING VALUE OF GOODWILL BY REPORTABLE SEGMENT (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2016Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:GoodwillGross
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R63: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:GoodwillImpairmentLoss
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2404403 - Disclosure - GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS - GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS NARRATIVE (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsNarrativeDetails
     shortName: GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS - GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS NARRATIVE (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:GoodwillImpairmentLoss
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R64: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2404404 - Disclosure - GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS - SCHEDULE OF GROSS CARRYING AMOUNT AND ACCUMULATED AMORTIZATION FOR EACH MAJOR CLASS OF INTANGIBLE ASSET (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfGrossCarryingAmountAndAccumulatedAmortizationForEachMajorClassOfIntangibleAssetDetails
     shortName: GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS - SCHEDULE OF GROSS CARRYING AMOUNT AND ACCUMULATED AMORTIZATION FOR EACH MAJOR CLASS OF INTANGIBLE ASSET (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R65: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2404405 - Disclosure - GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS - SCHEDULE OF AMORTIZATION EXPENSE, FOR THE NEXT FIVE YEARS (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfAmortizationExpenseForNextFiveYearsDetails
     shortName: GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS - SCHEDULE OF AMORTIZATION EXPENSE, FOR THE NEXT FIVE YEARS (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R66: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShortTermBorrowings
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2405402 - Disclosure - SHORT AND LONG-TERM DEBT - SHORT-TERM DEBT NARRATIVE (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtShortTermDebtNarrativeDetails
     shortName: SHORT AND LONG-TERM DEBT - SHORT-TERM DEBT NARRATIVE (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: 3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShortTermDebtWeightedAverageInterestRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R67: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:LongTermDebt
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2405403 - Disclosure - SHORT AND LONG-TERM DEBT - SCHEDULE OF LONG-TERM DEBT INSTRUMENTS (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfLongTermDebtInstrumentsDetails
     shortName: SHORT AND LONG-TERM DEBT - SCHEDULE OF LONG-TERM DEBT INSTRUMENTS (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: hsy:DebtInstrumentImpactofDerivativesUnamortizedDiscountPremiumandDebtIssuanceCostsNet
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R68: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis_hsy_Notes2.90Due2020Domain_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis_us-gaap_DomesticCorporateDebtSecuritiesMember
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2405404 - Disclosure - SHORT AND LONG-TERM DEBT - LONG TERM DEBT INTEREST RATES (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtLongTermDebtInterestRatesDetails
     shortName: SHORT AND LONG-TERM DEBT - LONG TERM DEBT INTEREST RATES (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: null
    }
    R69: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:LongTermDebt
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2405405 - Disclosure - SHORT AND LONG-TERM DEBT - LONG TERM DEBT NARRATIVE (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtLongTermDebtNarrativeDetails
     shortName: SHORT AND LONG-TERM DEBT - LONG TERM DEBT NARRATIVE (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: D2016Q3SD_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis_hsy_Notes5.45Due2016Member_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis_us-gaap_DomesticCorporateDebtSecuritiesMember
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:RepaymentsOfDebt
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R7: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2015Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1005000 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2015Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R70: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2405406 - Disclosure - SHORT AND LONG-TERM DEBT - SCHEDULE OF MATURITIES OF LONG-TERM DEBT (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtDetails
     shortName: SHORT AND LONG-TERM DEBT - SCHEDULE OF MATURITIES OF LONG-TERM DEBT (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R71: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:InterestExpenseDebt
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2405407 - Disclosure - SHORT AND LONG-TERM DEBT - SCHEDULE OF NET INTEREST EXPENSE (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfNetInterestExpenseDetails
     shortName: SHORT AND LONG-TERM DEBT - SCHEDULE OF NET INTEREST EXPENSE (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:InterestExpenseDebt
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R72: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CashFlowHedgeGainLossToBeReclassifiedWithinTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2406402 - Disclosure - DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS - DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS NARRATIVE (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsDerivativeInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
     shortName: DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS - DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS NARRATIVE (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CashFlowHedgeGainLossToBeReclassifiedWithinTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R73: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DerivativeAssets
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2406403 - Disclosure - DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS - SCHEDULE OF THE CLASSIFICATION OF DERIVATIVE ASSETS AND LIABILITIES WITHIN THE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsScheduleOfClassificationOfDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesWithinConsolidatedBalanceSheetsDetails
     shortName: DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS - SCHEDULE OF THE CLASSIFICATION OF DERIVATIVE ASSETS AND LIABILITIES WITHIN THE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis_us-gaap_ForeignExchangeContractMember_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis_us-gaap_CashFlowHedgingMember_us-gaap_HedgingDesignationAxis_us-gaap_DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DerivativeAssets
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R74: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsGainLossNet
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2406404 - Disclosure - DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS - SCHEDULE OF THE EFFECT OF DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS ON THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsScheduleOfEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsOnConsolidatedStatementsOfIncomeDetails
     shortName: DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS - SCHEDULE OF THE EFFECT OF DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS ON THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsGainLossNet
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R75: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DerivativeAssets
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2407402 - Disclosure - FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS - SCHEDULE OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsScheduleOfAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredAtFairValueDetails
     shortName: FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS - SCHEDULE OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis_us-gaap_ForeignExchangeContractMember_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DerivativeAssets
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R76: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:LongTermDebtCurrent
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2407403 - Disclosure - FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS - SCHEDULE OF FAIR VALUES AND CARRYING VALUES OF LONG-TERM DEBT (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsScheduleOfFairValuesAndCarryingValuesOfLongTermDebtDetails
     shortName: FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS - SCHEDULE OF FAIR VALUES AND CARRYING VALUES OF LONG-TERM DEBT (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis_us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: hsy:LongtermDebtCurrentMaturitiesFairValue
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R77: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2407404 - Disclosure - FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS - FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS NARRATIVE (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsFairValueMeasurementsNarrativeDetails
     shortName: FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS - FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS NARRATIVE (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R78: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationPropertyPlantAndEquipment
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2412402 - Disclosure - ASSETS AND LIABILITIES HELD FOR SALE ASSETS AND LIABILITIES HELD FOR SALE (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails
     shortName: ASSETS AND LIABILITIES HELD FOR SALE ASSETS AND LIABILITIES HELD FOR SALE (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationPropertyPlantAndEquipment
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R79: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:RestructuringCharges
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2416402 - Disclosure - BUSINESS REALIGNMENT ACTIVITIES - SCHEDULE OF BUSINESS REALIGNMENT ACTIVITY (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesScheduleOfBusinessRealignmentActivityDetails
     shortName: BUSINESS REALIGNMENT ACTIVITIES - SCHEDULE OF BUSINESS REALIGNMENT ACTIVITY (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis_hsy_AcceleratedDepreciationandAmortizationMember_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis_hsy_MarginforGrowthProgramMember
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:RestructuringCharges
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R8: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4QTD_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis_hsy_HersheyCommonStockMember
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usdPerShare
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1005501 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (Parenthetical)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquityParenthetical
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (Parenthetical)
     subGroupType: parenthetical
     uniqueAnchor: null
    }
    R80: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:AssetImpairmentCharges
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2416403 - Disclosure - BUSINESS REALIGNMENT ACTIVITIES - BUSINESS REALIGNMENT ACTIVITIES NARRATIVE (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesBusinessRealignmentActivitiesNarrativeDetails
     shortName: BUSINESS REALIGNMENT ACTIVITIES - BUSINESS REALIGNMENT ACTIVITIES NARRATIVE (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis_hsy_MarginforGrowthProgramMember
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:RestructuringAndRelatedCostCostIncurredToDate1
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R81: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2017Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:RestructuringReserve
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2416404 - Disclosure - BUSINESS REALIGNMENT ACTIVITIES - SCHEDULE OF LIABILITY ACTIVITY FOR COSTS QUALIFYING AS EXIT AND DISPOSAL COSTS (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesScheduleOfLiabilityActivityForCostsQualifyingAsExitAndDisposalCostsDetails
     shortName: BUSINESS REALIGNMENT ACTIVITIES - SCHEDULE OF LIABILITY ACTIVITY FOR COSTS QUALIFYING AS EXIT AND DISPOSAL COSTS (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2017Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:RestructuringReserve
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R82: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesDomestic
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2417402 - Disclosure - INCOME TAXES - SCHEDULE OF INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE TAXES (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfIncomeLossBeforeTaxesDetails
     shortName: INCOME TAXES - SCHEDULE OF INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE TAXES (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesDomestic
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R83: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2417403 - Disclosure - INCOME TAXES - SCHEDULE OF COMPONENTS OF INCOME TAX EXPENSE (BENEFIT) (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitDetails
     shortName: INCOME TAXES - SCHEDULE OF COMPONENTS OF INCOME TAX EXPENSE (BENEFIT) (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R84: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2017Q4YTD
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: hsy:TaxCutsandJobsActof2017NetImpactChangeinTaxRateandMandatoryTaxonUnremittedForeignEarningsIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2417404 - Disclosure - INCOME TAXES - INCOME TAXES NARRATIVE (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     shortName: INCOME TAXES - INCOME TAXES NARRATIVE (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2017Q4YTD
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: hsy:TaxCutsandJobsActof2017NetImpactChangeinTaxRateandMandatoryTaxonUnremittedForeignEarningsIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R85: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsPostretirementBenefits
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2417405 - Disclosure - INCOME TAXES - SCHEDULE OF DEFERRED TAX ASSET AND LIABILITIES (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails
     shortName: INCOME TAXES - SCHEDULE OF DEFERRED TAX ASSET AND LIABILITIES (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsPostretirementBenefits
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R86: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2417406 - Disclosure - INCOME TAXES - SCHEDULE OF EFFECTIVE INCOME TAX RATE RECONCILIATION (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     shortName: INCOME TAXES - SCHEDULE OF EFFECTIVE INCOME TAX RATE RECONCILIATION (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R87: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2017Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:UnrecognizedTaxBenefits
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2417407 - Disclosure - INCOME TAXES - SCHEDULE OF UNRECOGNIZED TAX BENEFITS ROLL FORWARD (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardDetails
     shortName: INCOME TAXES - SCHEDULE OF UNRECOGNIZED TAX BENEFITS ROLL FORWARD (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2016Q4
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:UnrecognizedTaxBenefits
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R88: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: hsy:NumberofDefinedBenefitOtherPostretirementPlansandDefinedContributionOtherPostretirementPlans
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: postretirement_plan
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2418402 - Disclosure - PENSION AND OTHER POST-RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS - PENSION AND OTHER POST-RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS NARRATIVE (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansPensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansNarrativeDetails
     shortName: PENSION AND OTHER POST-RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS - PENSION AND OTHER POST-RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS NARRATIVE (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: hsy:NumberofDefinedBenefitOtherPostretirementPlansandDefinedContributionOtherPostretirementPlans
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: postretirement_plan
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R89: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansNetOfTax
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2418403 - Disclosure - PENSION AND OTHER POST-RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS - SCHEDULE OF DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS, PLAN ASSETS AND FUNDED STATUS (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     shortName: PENSION AND OTHER POST-RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS - SCHEDULE OF DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS, PLAN ASSETS AND FUNDED STATUS (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis_us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAmendments
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R9: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2101100 - Disclosure - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPolicies
     shortName: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R90: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateProjectedBenefitObligation
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2418404 - Disclosure - PENSION AND OTHER POST-RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS - SCHEDULE OF ACCUMULATED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS IN EXCESS OF PLAN ASSETS (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsDetails
     shortName: PENSION AND OTHER POST-RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS - SCHEDULE OF ACCUMULATED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS IN EXCESS OF PLAN ASSETS (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateProjectedBenefitObligation
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R91: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis_us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2418405 - Disclosure - PENSION AND OTHER POST-RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS - SCHEDULE OF COMPONENTS OF NET PERIODIC BENEFIT COST (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfComponentsOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails
     shortName: PENSION AND OTHER POST-RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS - SCHEDULE OF COMPONENTS OF NET PERIODIC BENEFIT COST (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis_us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R92: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis_us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedAmortizationOfGainLossNextFiscalYear
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2418406 - Disclosure - PENSION AND OTHER POST-RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS - SCHEDULE OF AMOUNTS EXPECTED TO BE AMORTIZED FROM AOCI INTO NET PERIODIC BENEFIT (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfAmountsExpectedToBeAmortizedFromAociIntoNetPeriodicBenefitDetails
     shortName: PENSION AND OTHER POST-RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS - SCHEDULE OF AMOUNTS EXPECTED TO BE AMORTIZED FROM AOCI INTO NET PERIODIC BENEFIT (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis_us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedAmortizationOfGainLossNextFiscalYear
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R93: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis_us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember
      decimals: 3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2418407 - Disclosure - PENSION AND OTHER POST-RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS - SCHEDULE OF WEIGHTED AVERAGE ASSUMPTIONS USED IN COMPUTING BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInComputingBenefitObligationsDetails
     shortName: PENSION AND OTHER POST-RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS - SCHEDULE OF WEIGHTED AVERAGE ASSUMPTIONS USED IN COMPUTING BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis_us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember
      decimals: 3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R94: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis_us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember
      decimals: 3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2418408 - Disclosure - PENSION AND OTHER POST-RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS - SCHEDULE OF WEIGHTED AVERAGE ASSUMPTIONS USED IN COMPUTING NET PERIODIC BENEFIT COST (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInComputingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails
     shortName: PENSION AND OTHER POST-RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS - SCHEDULE OF WEIGHTED AVERAGE ASSUMPTIONS USED IN COMPUTING NET PERIODIC BENEFIT COST (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis_us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember
      decimals: 3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R95: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2418409 - Disclosure - PENSION AND OTHER POST-RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS - SCHEDULE OF EFFECT OF ONE PERCENT CHANGE IN ASSUMED HEALTH CARE TREND RATES (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfEffectOfOnePercentChangeInAssumedHealthCareTrendRatesDetails
     shortName: PENSION AND OTHER POST-RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS - SCHEDULE OF EFFECT OF ONE PERCENT CHANGE IN ASSUMED HEALTH CARE TREND RATES (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FD2018Q4YTD
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R96: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsMember_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis_us-gaap_DomesticPlanMember
      decimals: 2
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2418410 - Disclosure - PENSION AND OTHER POST-RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS - SCHEDULE OF PLAN ASSETS ACROSS ASSET CLASSES (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPlanAssetsAcrossAssetClassesDetails
     shortName: PENSION AND OTHER POST-RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS - SCHEDULE OF PLAN ASSETS ACROSS ASSET CLASSES (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsMember_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis_us-gaap_DomesticPlanMember
      decimals: 2
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R97: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis_us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2418411 - Disclosure - PENSION AND OTHER POST-RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS - SCHEDULE OF PENSION PLAN ASSETS WITHIN THE FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsWithinFairValueHierarchyDetails
     shortName: PENSION AND OTHER POST-RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS - SCHEDULE OF PENSION PLAN ASSETS WITHIN THE FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis_us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R98: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis_us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2418412 - Disclosure - PENSION AND OTHER POST-RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS - SCHEDULE OF EXPECTED BENEFIT PAYMENTS TO BE PAID (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsToBePaidDetails
     shortName: PENSION AND OTHER POST-RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS - SCHEDULE OF EXPECTED BENEFIT PAYMENTS TO BE PAID (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis_us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R99: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2423402 - Disclosure - STOCK COMPENSATION PLANS - STOCK COMPENSATION PLANS NARRATIVE (Details)
     role: http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansStockCompensationPlansNarrativeDetails
     shortName: STOCK COMPENSATION PLANS - STOCK COMPENSATION PLANS NARRATIVE (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      contextRef: FI2018Q4
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
   }
   segmentCount: 131
   tag: {
    country_US: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: UNITED STATES
        terseLabel: United States
       }
      }
     }
     localname: US
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2017-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSegmentInformationByGeographyDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    dei_AmendmentFlag: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: If the value is true, then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
        label: Amendment Flag
        terseLabel: Amendment flag
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AmendmentFlag
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.
        label: Current Fiscal Year End Date
        terseLabel: Current fiscal year end date
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentFiscalYearEndDate
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: gMonthDayItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report, which may also provide financial information from prior periods, the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY, Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4, H1, H2, M9, T1, T2, T3, M8, CY.
        label: Document Fiscal Period Focus
        terseLabel: Document fiscal period focus
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: fiscalPeriodItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report, which may also provide financial information from prior periods, fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
        label: Document Fiscal Year Focus
        terseLabel: Document fiscal year focus
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentFiscalYearFocus
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: gYearItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentInformationLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Document Information [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Document Information [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentInformationLineItems
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentInformationTable: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Container to support the formal attachment of each official or unofficial, public or private document as part of a submission package.
        label: Document Information [Table]
        terseLabel: Document Information [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentInformationTable
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data, it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report, use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
        label: Document Period End Date
        terseLabel: Document period end date
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentPeriodEndDate
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: dateItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentType: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.
        label: Document Type
        terseLabel: Document type
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentType
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: submissionTypeItemType
    }
    dei_EntityCentralIndexKey: {
     auth_ref: [
      r645
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.
        label: Entity Central Index Key
        terseLabel: Entity central index key
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityCentralIndexKey
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: centralIndexKeyItemType
    }
    dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests, if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member], Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings, Instrument.
        label: Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding
        terseLabel: Entity common stock, shares outstanding (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports), and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
        label: Entity Current Reporting Status
        terseLabel: Entity current reporting status
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityCurrentReportingStatus
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    }
    dei_EntityDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: All the names of the entities being reported upon in a document. Any legal structure used to conduct activities or to hold assets. Some examples of such structures are corporations, partnerships, limited liability companies, grantor trusts, and other trusts. This item does not include business and geographical segments which are included in the geographical or business segments domains.
        label: Entity [Domain]
        terseLabel: Entity [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityDomain
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestEquityAndNoncontrollingInterestNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany: {
     auth_ref: [
      r645
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.
        label: Entity Emerging Growth Company
        terseLabel: Entity Emerging Growth Company
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityEmergingGrowthCompany
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_EntityFilerCategory: {
     auth_ref: [
      r645
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer, (2) Accelerated Filer, (3) Non-accelerated Filer, (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated), (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer or (6) Smaller Reporting Company and Large Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
        label: Entity Filer Category
        terseLabel: Entity filer category
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityFilerCategory
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: filerCategoryItemType
    }
    dei_EntityNumberOfEmployees: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of persons employed by the Entity
        label: Entity Number of Employees
        terseLabel: Entity number of employees
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityNumberOfEmployees
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesCommitmentsAndContingenciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: decimalItemType
    }
    dei_EntityPublicFloat: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold, or average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
        label: Entity Public Float
        terseLabel: Entity public float
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityPublicFloat
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    dei_EntityRegistrantName: {
     auth_ref: [
      r645
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
        label: Entity Registrant Name
        terseLabel: Entity registrant name
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityRegistrantName
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_EntityShellCompany: {
     auth_ref: [
      r645
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate if company meets the shell company criteria: a company with no or nominal operations, and with no or nominal assets or assets consisting solely of cash and cash equivalents.
        label: Entity Shell Company
        terseLabel: Entity Shell Company
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityShellCompany
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_EntitySmallBusiness: {
     auth_ref: [
      r645
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicates that the company is a smaller reporting company with both a public float and revenues of less than $75 million.
        label: Entity Small Business
        terseLabel: Entity Small Business
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntitySmallBusiness
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.
        label: Entity Voluntary Filers
        terseLabel: Entity voluntary filers
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityVoluntaryFilers
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    }
    dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K, 20-F, 6-K, 10-K/A, 10-Q/A, 20-F/A, 6-K/A, N-CSR, N-Q, N-1A.
        label: Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer
        terseLabel: Entity well-known seasoned issuer
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    }
    dei_LegalEntityAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The set of legal entities associated with a report.
        label: Legal Entity [Axis]
        terseLabel: Legal Entity [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LegalEntityAxis
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestEquityAndNoncontrollingInterestNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    hsy_AcceleratedDepreciationandAmortizationMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accelerated Depreciation and Amortization [Member]
        label: Accelerated Depreciation and Amortization [Member]
        terseLabel: Accelerated depreciation and amortization
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AcceleratedDepreciationandAmortizationMember
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesScheduleOfBusinessRealignmentActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_AccountingStandardsUpdate201609ExcessTaxBenefitComponentMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accounting Standards Update 2016-09, Excess Tax Benefit Component [Member]
        label: Accounting Standards Update 2016-09, Excess Tax Benefit Component [Member]
        terseLabel: Accounting Standards Update 2016-09, Excess Tax Benefit Component [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountingStandardsUpdate201609ExcessTaxBenefitComponentMember
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesRecentAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_AllocationOfNetDerivativeGainsLossesFromEconomicHedgesToOperatingResultsOfReportingSegmentsTableTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Allocation Of Net Derivative Gains Losses From Economic Hedges To Operating Results Of Reporting Segments Table [Table Text Block]
        label: Allocation Of Net Derivative Gains Losses From Economic Hedges To Operating Results Of Reporting Segments Table [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Unallocated Mark-to-Market (Gains) Losses on Commodity Derivatives
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AllocationOfNetDerivativeGainsLossesFromEconomicHedgesToOperatingResultsOfReportingSegmentsTableTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    hsy_AmplifySnackBrandsInc.Member: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amplify Snack Brands, Inc. [Member]
        label: Amplify Snack Brands, Inc. [Member]
        terseLabel: Amplify Snack Brands, Inc.
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AmplifySnackBrandsInc.Member
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsTables
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_AmplifySnackBrandsIncAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amplify Snack Brands, Inc [Abstract]
        label: Amplify Snack Brands, Inc [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AmplifySnackBrandsIncAbstract
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    hsy_BusinessAcquisitionEquityInterestsReceivedCommonStockValue: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Business Acquisition, Equity Interests Received, Common Stock, Value
        label: Business Acquisition, Equity Interests Received, Common Stock, Value
        terseLabel: Business Acquisition, Equity Interests Received, Common Stock, Value
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessAcquisitionEquityInterestsReceivedCommonStockValue
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hsy_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredandLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesAccruedLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Current Liabilities, Accrued Liabilities
        label: Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Current Liabilities, Accrued Liabilities
        negatedTerseLabel: Accrued liabilities
        terseLabel: Accrued liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredandLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesAccruedLiabilities
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hsy_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredandLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesDebt: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Current Liabilities, Debt
        label: Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Current Liabilities, Debt
        negatedTerseLabel: Current debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredandLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesDebt
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hsy_CapitalLeasedAssetsNet: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Capital Leased Assets, Net
        label: Capital Leased Assets, Net
        terseLabel: Assets under capital lease arrangements, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalLeasedAssetsNet
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hsy_CommonStockNumberofVotes: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Common Stock, Number of Votes
        label: Common Stock, Number of Votes
        terseLabel: Common stock, voting rights (vote)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockNumberofVotes
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestEquityAndNoncontrollingInterestNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    hsy_CommonStockVotingPercentage: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Common Stock, Voting Percentage
        label: Common Stock, Voting Percentage
        terseLabel: Common stock, voting percentage
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockVotingPercentage
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestEquityAndNoncontrollingInterestNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    hsy_CommonStockVotingRightsBoardElectionPercentage: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Common Stock Voting Rights, Board Election Percentage
        label: Common Stock Voting Rights, Board Election Percentage
        terseLabel: Common Stock Voting Rights, Board Election Percentage
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockVotingRightsBoardElectionPercentage
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestEquityAndNoncontrollingInterestNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    hsy_CommonandPreferredStockSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Common and Preferred Stock, Shares Authorized
        label: Common and Preferred Stock, Shares Authorized
        terseLabel: Common and preferred shares authorized (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonandPreferredStockSharesAuthorized
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestEquityAndNoncontrollingInterestNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    hsy_ConfectioneryandConfectionerybasedPortfolioMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Confectionery and Confectionery-based Portfolio [Member]
        label: Confectionery and Confectionery-based Portfolio [Member]
        terseLabel: Confectionery and confectionery-based portfolio
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConfectioneryandConfectionerybasedPortfolioMember
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationScheduleOfAdditionalProductLineSalesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_CumulativeAmountofMarktoMarketLossesonCommodityDerivatives: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Cumulative Amount of Mark-to-Market Losses on Commodity Derivatives
        label: Cumulative Amount of Mark-to-Market Losses on Commodity Derivatives
        terseLabel: Derivative, Gain (Loss) on Derivative, Net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CumulativeAmountofMarktoMarketLossesonCommodityDerivatives
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hsy_Debentures7.2Due2027Member: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Debentures 7.2% Due 2027 [Member]
        label: Debentures 7.2% Due 2027 [Member]
        terseLabel: 7.2% Debentures due 2027
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Debentures7.2Due2027Member
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtLongTermDebtInterestRatesDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfLongTermDebtInstrumentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_Debentures8.8Due2021Member: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Debentures 8.8% Due 2021 [Member]
        label: Debentures 8.8% Due 2021 [Member]
        terseLabel: 8.8% Debentures due 2021
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Debentures8.8Due2021Member
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtLongTermDebtInterestRatesDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfLongTermDebtInstrumentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_DebtInstrumentCovenantPretaxIncomeFromOperationsToConsolidatedInterestExpenseMinimum: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Debt Instrument, Covenant, Pre-tax Income From Operations To Consolidated Interest Expense, Minimum
        label: Debt Instrument, Covenant, Pre-tax Income From Operations To Consolidated Interest Expense, Minimum
        terseLabel: Debt instrument, covenant, pre-tax income from operations to consolidated interest expense, minimum
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentCovenantPretaxIncomeFromOperationsToConsolidatedInterestExpenseMinimum
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtShortTermDebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    hsy_DebtInstrumentImpactofDerivativesUnamortizedDiscountPremiumandDebtIssuanceCostsNet: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Debt Instrument, Impact of Derivatives, Unamortized Discount (Premium), and Debt Issuance Costs, Net
        label: Debt Instrument, Impact of Derivatives, Unamortized Discount (Premium), and Debt Issuance Costs, Net
        negatedTerseLabel: Net impact of interest rate swaps, debt issuance costs and unamortized debt discounts
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentImpactofDerivativesUnamortizedDiscountPremiumandDebtIssuanceCostsNet
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfLongTermDebtInstrumentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hsy_DeferredCompensationArrangementwithIndividualConversionBasis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Deferred Compensation Arrangement with Individual, Conversion Basis
        label: Deferred Compensation Arrangement with Individual, Conversion Basis
        terseLabel: Common stock, conversion basis (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredCompensationArrangementwithIndividualConversionBasis
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansStockCompensationPlansNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    hsy_DeferredTaxAssetLeasingArrangements: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax asset attributable to taxable temporary differences from leasing arrangements.
        label: Deferred Tax Asset, Leasing Arrangements
        terseLabel: Lease financing obligation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetLeasingArrangements
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hsy_DeferredTaxAssetTaxDeferredExpenseAccruedTradePromotionReserves: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element reflects the tax effect as of the balance sheet date of the amount of the estimated future tax effects arising from all other reserves, which can only be deducted for tax purposes when losses pertaining to such reserves are actually incurred.
        label: Deferred Tax Asset Tax Deferred Expense Accrued Trade Promotion Reserves
        terseLabel: Accrued trade promotion reserves
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetTaxDeferredExpenseAccruedTradePromotionReserves
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hsy_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsPensions: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Deferred Expense, Compensation And Benefits, Pensions
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Deferred Expense, Compensation And Benefits, Pensions
        terseLabel: Pension
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsPensions
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hsy_DefinedBenefitPlanNonServiceCost: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Defined Benefit Plan, Non-Service Cost
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Non-Service Cost
        terseLabel: Defined Benefit Plan, Non-Service Cost
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanNonServiceCost
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/OtherIncomeExpenseNetScheduleOfOtherIncomeAndExpenseNetDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hsy_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsMeasuredatNetAssetValue: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Defined Benefit Plan, Plan Assets Measured at Net Asset Value
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Plan Assets Measured at Net Asset Value
        terseLabel: Defined Benefit Plan, Plan Assets Measured at Net Asset Value
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsMeasuredatNetAssetValue
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsWithinFairValueHierarchyDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hsy_DefinedBenefitPlansMinimumFutureEmployerContributionsinNextFiscalYear: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Defined Benefit Plans, Minimum Future Employer Contributions in Next Fiscal Year
        label: Defined Benefit Plans, Minimum Future Employer Contributions in Next Fiscal Year
        terseLabel: Defined benefit plans, minimum future employer contributions in next fiscal year
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlansMinimumFutureEmployerContributionsinNextFiscalYear
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansPensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hsy_DerivativeAssetCashTransfersReceivablePayableChangeInQuotedMarketPricesOnTheLastDayOfTrading: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Derivative Asset, Cash Transfers Receivable (Payable), Change In Quoted Market Prices On The Last Day Of Trading
        label: Derivative Asset, Cash Transfers Receivable (Payable), Change In Quoted Market Prices On The Last Day Of Trading
        terseLabel: Gross derivative assets, included within derivative liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeAssetCashTransfersReceivablePayableChangeInQuotedMarketPricesOnTheLastDayOfTrading
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsScheduleOfClassificationOfDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesWithinConsolidatedBalanceSheetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hsy_DerivativeLiabilityCashTransfersReceivablePayableChangeInQuotedMarketPricesOnTheLastDayOfTrading: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Derivative Liability, Cash Transfers Receivable (Payable), Change In Quoted Market Prices On The Last Day Of Trading
        label: Derivative Liability, Cash Transfers Receivable (Payable), Change In Quoted Market Prices On The Last Day Of Trading
        terseLabel: Derivative liability, gross liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeLiabilityCashTransfersReceivablePayableChangeInQuotedMarketPricesOnTheLastDayOfTrading
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsScheduleOfClassificationOfDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesWithinConsolidatedBalanceSheetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hsy_DiversifiedcreditMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Diversified credit [Member]
        label: Diversified credit [Member]
        terseLabel: Diversified credit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DiversifiedcreditMember
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsWithinFairValueHierarchyDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_DividendsCommonStockCashAdditionalPercentageOverClassBCommonStockDividends: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Dividends, Common Stock, Cash, Additional Percentage Over Class B Common Stock Dividends
        label: Dividends, Common Stock, Cash, Additional Percentage Over Class B Common Stock Dividends
        terseLabel: Dividends, common sock, cash, additional percentage over Class B common stock dividends
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DividendsCommonStockCashAdditionalPercentageOverClassBCommonStockDividends
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestEquityAndNoncontrollingInterestNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    hsy_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: 
        label: Document And Entity Information [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    hsy_EntityNumberofPartTimeEmployees: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Entity Number of Part-Time Employees
        label: Entity Number of Part-Time Employees
        terseLabel: Entity number of part-time employees
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityNumberofPartTimeEmployees
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesCommitmentsAndContingenciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: decimalItemType
    }
    hsy_ExercisePriceRangeFourMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Exercise Price Range Four [Member]
        label: Exercise Price Range Four [Member]
        terseLabel: $33.40 - $111.76
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ExercisePriceRangeFourMember
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfStockOptionInformationByExercisePriceRangeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_ExercisePriceRangeOneMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Exercise Price Range One [Member]
        label: Exercise Price Range One [Member]
        terseLabel: $33.40 - $90.39
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ExercisePriceRangeOneMember
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfStockOptionInformationByExercisePriceRangeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_ExercisePriceRangeThreeMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Exercise Price Range Three [Member]
        label: Exercise Price Range Three [Member]
        terseLabel: $105.92 - $111.76
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ExercisePriceRangeThreeMember
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfStockOptionInformationByExercisePriceRangeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_ExercisePriceRangeTwoMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Exercise Price Range Two [Member]
        label: Exercise Price Range Two [Member]
        terseLabel: $90.40 - $105.91
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ExercisePriceRangeTwoMember
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfStockOptionInformationByExercisePriceRangeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_FAIRVALUEMEASUREMENTSAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS [Abstract]
        label: FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FAIRVALUEMEASUREMENTSAbstract
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    hsy_GlobalAllCapMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Equity Security which comprises equity funds that the MSCI World index.
        label: Global all-cap [Member]
        terseLabel: Global all-cap
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GlobalAllCapMember
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsWithinFairValueHierarchyDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_GlobaldiversifiedassetsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Global diversified assets [Member]
        label: Global diversified assets [Member]
        terseLabel: Global diversified assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GlobaldiversifiedassetsMember
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsWithinFairValueHierarchyDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_GlobalinfrastructureMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Global infrastructure [Member]
        label: Global infrastructure [Member]
        terseLabel: Global infrastructure
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GlobalinfrastructureMember
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsWithinFairValueHierarchyDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_GlobalrealestateinvestmenttrustsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Global real estate investment trusts [Member]
        label: Global real estate investment trusts [Member]
        terseLabel: Global real estate investment trusts
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GlobalrealestateinvestmenttrustsMember
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsWithinFairValueHierarchyDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_HersheyCommonStockMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Hershey Common Stock [Member]
        label: Hershey Common Stock [Member]
        terseLabel: Common stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: HersheyCommonStockMember
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquityParenthetical
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestEquityAndNoncontrollingInterestNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestScheduleOfChangesInOutstandingSharesOfCommmonStockDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_HersheyCompanyPuertoRicoHourlyPensionPlanMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Hershey Company Puerto Rico Hourly Pension Plan [Member]
        label: Hershey Company Puerto Rico Hourly Pension Plan [Member]
        terseLabel: Hershey Company Puerto Rico Hourly Pension Plan
       }
      }
     }
     localname: HersheyCompanyPuertoRicoHourlyPensionPlanMember
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansPensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_HersheyTrustCompanyMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Hershey Trust Company [Member]
        label: Hershey Trust Company [Member]
        terseLabel: Hershey Trust Company
       }
      }
     }
     localname: HersheyTrustCompanyMember
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestEquityAndNoncontrollingInterestNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestScheduleOfChangesInOutstandingSharesOfCommmonStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributabletoDilutiveEffectofConversionofCommonStock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Incremental Common Shares Attributable to Dilutive Effect of Conversion of Common Stock
        label: Incremental Common Shares Attributable to Dilutive Effect of Conversion of Common Stock
        terseLabel: Conversion of Class B common stock to Common shares outstanding
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncrementalCommonSharesAttributabletoDilutiveEffectofConversionofCommonStock
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    hsy_InternationalandOtherSegmentMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: International and Other Segment [Member]
        label: International and Other Segment [Member]
        terseLabel: International and Other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InternationalandOtherSegmentMember
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesBusinessRealignmentActivitiesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfChangesInCarryingValueOfGoodwillByReportableSegmentDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfDepreciationAndAmortizationExpenseIncludedWithinSegmentIncomeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfNetSalesAndEarningsBySegmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_LongtermDebtCurrentMaturitiesFairValue: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Long-term Debt, Current Maturities, Fair Value
        label: Long-term Debt, Current Maturities, Fair Value
        terseLabel: Long-term Debt, Current Maturities, Fair Value
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongtermDebtCurrentMaturitiesFairValue
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsScheduleOfFairValuesAndCarryingValuesOfLongTermDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hsy_LongtermDebtExcludingCurrentMaturitiesFairValue: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Long-term Debt, Excluding Current Maturities, Fair Value
        label: Long-term Debt, Excluding Current Maturities, Fair Value
        terseLabel: Long-term Debt, Excluding Current Maturities, Fair Value
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongtermDebtExcludingCurrentMaturitiesFairValue
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsScheduleOfFairValuesAndCarryingValuesOfLongTermDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hsy_LotteShanghaiFoodCompanyMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Lotte Shanghai Food Company [Member]
        label: Lotte Shanghai Food Company [Member]
        terseLabel: Lotte Shanghai Food Company
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LotteShanghaiFoodCompanyMember
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestEquityAndNoncontrollingInterestNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_MarginforGrowthProgramMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Margin for Growth Program [Member]
        label: Margin for Growth Program [Member]
        terseLabel: Margin for Growth Program
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MarginforGrowthProgramMember
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesBusinessRealignmentActivitiesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesScheduleOfBusinessRealignmentActivityDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsFairValueMeasurementsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_McLaneCompanyInc.Member: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: McLane Company, Inc. [Member]
        label: McLane Company, Inc. [Member]
        terseLabel: McLane Company, Inc.
       }
      }
     }
     localname: McLaneCompanyInc.Member
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAccountsReceivableTradeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesRevenueRecognitionDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_MinimumLengthofTimeHedgedinCashFlowHedge: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Minimum length of time over which the entity is hedging its exposure to the variability in future cash flows for forecasted transactions, excluding those forecasted transactions related to the payment of variable interest on existing financial instruments, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Minimum Length of Time Hedged in Cash Flow Hedge
        terseLabel: Minimum length of time, hedged in cash flow hedge
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MinimumLengthofTimeHedgedinCashFlowHedge
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsDerivativeInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    hsy_NetGainLossOnCommodityDerivativePositionsReclassifiedFromUnallocatedDerivativeGainsLossesToSegmentIncome: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of gain (loss) from commodity derivative positions reclassified from unallocated derivative (gains) losses to segment income.
        label: Net Gain Loss On Commodity Derivative Positions Reclassified From Unallocated Derivative Gains Losses To Segment Income
        terseLabel: Net Gain Loss On Commodity Derivative Positions Reclassified From Unallocated Derivative Gains Losses To Segment Income
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetGainLossOnCommodityDerivativePositionsReclassifiedFromUnallocatedDerivativeGainsLossesToSegmentIncome
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationScheduleOfUnallocatedMarkToMarketGainsLossesOnCommodityDerivativesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hsy_NetMarktoMarketValuationofCertainDerivativePositionsRecognizedinUnallocatedDerivativeGainsLosses: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Changes in the values of derivative positions that is recorded in unallocated derivative (gains)/losses
        label: Net Mark to Market Valuation of Certain Derivative Positions Recognized in Unallocated Derivative (Gains) Losses
        negatedTerseLabel: Net Mark to Market Valuation of Certain Derivative Positions Recognized in Unallocated Derivative Gains Losses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetMarktoMarketValuationofCertainDerivativePositionsRecognizedinUnallocatedDerivativeGainsLosses
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationScheduleOfUnallocatedMarkToMarketGainsLossesOnCommodityDerivativesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hsy_NorthAmericaSegmentMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: North America Segment [Member]
        label: North America Segment [Member]
        terseLabel: North America
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NorthAmericaSegmentMember
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfChangesInCarryingValueOfGoodwillByReportableSegmentDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfDepreciationAndAmortizationExpenseIncludedWithinSegmentIncomeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfNetSalesAndEarningsBySegmentDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_Notes1.50Due2016Member: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Notes 1.50% Due 2016 [Member]
        label: Notes 1.50% Due 2016 [Member]
        terseLabel: 1.50% Notes due 2016
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Notes1.50Due2016Member
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtLongTermDebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_Notes1.60Due2018Member: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Notes 1.60% Due 2018 [Member]
        label: Notes 1.60% Due 2018 [Member]
        terseLabel: 1.60% Notes due 2018 (1)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Notes1.60Due2018Member
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtLongTermDebtInterestRatesDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfLongTermDebtInstrumentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_Notes2.30Due2026Member: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Notes 2.30% Due 2026 [Member]
        label: Notes 2.30% Due 2026 [Member]
        terseLabel: 2.30% Notes due 2026 (3)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Notes2.30Due2026Member
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtLongTermDebtInterestRatesDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfLongTermDebtInstrumentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_Notes2.625Due2023Member: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Notes 2.625% Due 2023 [Member]
        label: Notes 2.625% Due 2023 [Member]
        terseLabel: 2.625% Notes due 2023
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Notes2.625Due2023Member
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtLongTermDebtInterestRatesDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfLongTermDebtInstrumentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_Notes2.90Due2020Domain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Notes 2.90% Due 2020
        label: Notes 2.90% Due 2020 [Domain]
        terseLabel: 2.90% Notes due 2020 (2)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Notes2.90Due2020Domain
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtLongTermDebtInterestRatesDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfLongTermDebtInstrumentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_Notes3.10Due2021Domain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Notes 3.10% Due 2021
        label: Notes 3.10% Due 2021 [Domain]
        terseLabel: 3.10% Notes due 2021 (2)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Notes3.10Due2021Domain
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtLongTermDebtInterestRatesDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfLongTermDebtInstrumentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_Notes3.20Due2025Member: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Notes 3.20% Due 2025 [Member]
        label: Notes 3.20% Due 2025 [Member]
        terseLabel: 3.20% Notes due 2025
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Notes3.20Due2025Member
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtLongTermDebtInterestRatesDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfLongTermDebtInstrumentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_Notes3.375Due2023Domain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Notes 3.375% Due 2023
        label: Notes 3.375% Due 2023 [Domain]
        terseLabel: 3.375% Notes due 2023 (2)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Notes3.375Due2023Domain
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtLongTermDebtInterestRatesDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfLongTermDebtInstrumentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_Notes3.375Due2046Member: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Notes 3.375% Due 2046 [Member]
        label: Notes 3.375% Due 2046 [Member]
        terseLabel: 3.375% Notes due 2046
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Notes3.375Due2046Member
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtLongTermDebtInterestRatesDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfLongTermDebtInstrumentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_Notes4.125Due2020Member: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Notes 4.125% Due 2020 [Member]
        label: Notes 4.125% Due 2020 [Member]
        terseLabel: 4.125% Notes due 2020
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Notes4.125Due2020Member
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtLongTermDebtInterestRatesDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfLongTermDebtInstrumentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_Notes5.45Due2016Member: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Notes 5.45% Due 2016 [Member]
        label: Notes 5.45% Due 2016 [Member]
        terseLabel: 5.45% Notes due 2016
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Notes5.45Due2016Member
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtLongTermDebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_NumberOfBrandNames: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number Of Brand Names
        label: Number Of Brand Names
        terseLabel: Number of brand names
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NumberOfBrandNames
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesDescriptionOfBusinessAndBasisOfPresentationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    hsy_NumberOfCountriesWhereBrandsAreMartketedSoldAndDistributed: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number Of Countries Where Brands Are Marketed, Sold, And Distributed
        label: Number Of Countries Where Brands Are Martketed, Sold, And Distributed
        terseLabel: Number of countries in which products are marketed, sold and distributed (country)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NumberOfCountriesWhereBrandsAreMartketedSoldAndDistributed
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesDescriptionOfBusinessAndBasisOfPresentationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    hsy_NumberofDefinedBenefitOtherPostretirementPlansandDefinedContributionOtherPostretirementPlans: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of Defined Benefit Other Post-retirement Plans and Defined Contribution Other Post-retirement Plans
        label: Number of Defined Benefit Other Post-retirement Plans and Defined Contribution Other Post-retirement Plans
        terseLabel: Number of defined benefit, other post-retirement plans, and defined contribution other post-retirement plans (postretirement plan)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NumberofDefinedBenefitOtherPostretirementPlansandDefinedContributionOtherPostretirementPlans
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansPensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    hsy_OperationalOptimizationProgramMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Operational Optimization Program [Member]
        label: Operational Optimization Program [Member]
        terseLabel: Operation Optimization Program
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperationalOptimizationProgramMember
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesBusinessRealignmentActivitiesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesScheduleOfBusinessRealignmentActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_OtherMiscellaneousAssetsNonCurrent: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Other Miscellaneous Assets, Non-Current
        label: Other Miscellaneous Assets, Non-Current
        terseLabel: Other non-current assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherMiscellaneousAssetsNonCurrent
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hsy_OtherMiscellaneousLiabilitiesNonCurrent: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Other Miscellaneous Liabilities, Non-Current
        label: Other Miscellaneous Liabilities, Non-Current
        verboseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherMiscellaneousLiabilitiesNonCurrent
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hsy_OtherNonoperatingGainLoss: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/OtherIncomeExpenseNetScheduleOfOtherIncomeAndExpenseNetDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Other Nonoperating, Gain (Loss)
        label: Other Nonoperating, Gain (Loss)
        negatedTerseLabel: Other (income) expense, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherNonoperatingGainLoss
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/OtherIncomeExpenseNetScheduleOfOtherIncomeAndExpenseNetDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hsy_PartnershipsQualifyingForTaxCreditsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Partnerships Qualifying For Tax Credits [Member]
        label: Partnerships Qualifying For Tax Credits [Member]
        terseLabel: Partnerships Qualifying For Tax Credits
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PartnershipsQualifyingForTaxCreditsMember
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_PerformanceSharesAndRestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Performance Shares And Restricted Stock Units (RSU) [Member]
        label: Performance Shares And Restricted Stock Units (RSU) [Member]
        terseLabel: Performance and restricted stock units
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PerformanceSharesAndRestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfPsusAndRsusActivityDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfPsusAndRsusFairValueWeightedAverageAssumptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_PerformanceStockUnitsandRestrictedStockUnitsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Performance Stock Units and Restricted Stock Units [Member]
        label: Performance Stock Units and Restricted Stock Units [Member]
        terseLabel: Performance stock units and restricted stock units
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PerformanceStockUnitsandRestrictedStockUnitsMember
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansStockCompensationPlansNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_PirateBrandsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Pirate Brands [Abstract]
        label: Pirate Brands [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PirateBrandsAbstract
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    hsy_PirateBrandsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Pirate Brands [Member]
        label: Pirate Brands [Member]
        terseLabel: Pirate Brands
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PirateBrandsMember
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsTables
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_PrepaidExpensesandOther: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Prepaid Expenses and Other
        label: Prepaid Expenses and Other
        terseLabel: Prepaid Expenses and Other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PrepaidExpensesandOther
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hsy_ProductivityInitiative2015Member: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Productivity Initiative 2015 [Member]
        label: Productivity Initiative 2015 [Member]
        terseLabel: 2015 Productivity Initiative
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProductivityInitiative2015Member
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesBusinessRealignmentActivitiesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesScheduleOfBusinessRealignmentActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_PromotionalCostsEstimateDeviationPercentage: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Promotional Costs, Estimate Deviation, Percentage
        label: Promotional Costs, Estimate Deviation, Percentage
        terseLabel: Promotional Costs, Estimate Deviation, Percentage (Less Than)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PromotionalCostsEstimateDeviationPercentage
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesRevenueRecognitionDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    hsy_RIPPLEBRANDCOLLECTIVELLCAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: - RIPPLE BRAND COLLECTIVE, LLC [Abstract]
        label: - RIPPLE BRAND COLLECTIVE, LLC [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RIPPLEBRANDCOLLECTIVELLCAbstract
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    hsy_RepaymentofTaxReceivableObligation: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Repayment of Tax Receivable Obligation
        label: Repayment of Tax Receivable Obligation
        negatedTerseLabel: Repayment of tax receivable obligation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RepaymentofTaxReceivableObligation
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hsy_RestructuringChargesBusinessRealignment: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Restructuring Charges, Business Realignment
        label: Restructuring Charges, Business Realignment
        negatedTerseLabel: Restructuring Charges, Business Realignment
        terseLabel: Business realignment costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringChargesBusinessRealignment
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesRecentAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hsy_RestructuringChargesBusinessRealignmentReserve: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Restructuring Charges, Business Realignment Reserve
        label: Restructuring Charges, Business Realignment Reserve
        terseLabel: 2018 business realignment charges
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringChargesBusinessRealignmentReserve
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesScheduleOfLiabilityActivityForCostsQualifyingAsExitAndDisposalCostsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hsy_RestructuringandRelatedCostExpectedCostCashPortion: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Restructuring and Related Cost, Expected Cost, Cash Portion
        label: Restructuring and Related Cost, Expected Cost, Cash Portion
        terseLabel: Restructuring and Related Cost, Expected Cost, Cash Portion
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringandRelatedCostExpectedCostCashPortion
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesBusinessRealignmentActivitiesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hsy_RestructuringandRelatedCostExpectedNumberofPositionsEliminatedPercent: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Restructuring and Related Cost, Expected Number of Positions Eliminated, Percent
        label: Restructuring and Related Cost, Expected Number of Positions Eliminated, Percent
        terseLabel: Restructuring and Related Cost, Expected Number of Positions Eliminated, Percent
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringandRelatedCostExpectedNumberofPositionsEliminatedPercent
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesBusinessRealignmentActivitiesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    hsy_RippleBrandCollectiveLLCAssetsAcquiredandLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Ripple Brand Collective, LLC Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed Allocation [Abstract]
        label: Ripple Brand Collective, LLC Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed Allocation [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RippleBrandCollectiveLLCAssetsAcquiredandLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationAbstract
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    hsy_RippleBrandCollectiveLLCMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Ripple Brand Collective, LLC [Member]
        label: Ripple Brand Collective, LLC [Member]
        terseLabel: Ripple Brand Collective, LLC
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RippleBrandCollectiveLLCMember
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsRippleBrandCollectiveLlcAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsRippleBrandCollectiveLlcNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsTables
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_ScheduleofSharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherthanOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Valuation Assumptions [Table Text Block]
        label: Schedule of Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Valuation Assumptions [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Information Pertaining to Fair Value of PSUs and RSUs Granted for Potential Future Distribution
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleofSharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherthanOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    hsy_ScheduleofSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of Supplemental Balance Sheet Information [Table Text Block]
        label: Schedule of Supplemental Balance Sheet Information [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Supplemental Balance Sheet Information
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleofSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SupplementalBalanceSheetInformationTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    hsy_ShanghaiGoldenMonkeyAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Shanghai Golden Monkey [Abstract]
        label: Shanghai Golden Monkey [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShanghaiGoldenMonkeyAbstract
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    hsy_ShanghaiGoldenMonkeyFoodJointStockCo.Ltd.Member: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Shanghai Golden Monkey Food Joint Stock Co., Ltd. [Member]
        label: Shanghai Golden Monkey Food Joint Stock Co., Ltd. [Member]
        terseLabel: Shanghai Golden Monkey Food Joint Stock Co., Ltd.
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShanghaiGoldenMonkeyFoodJointStockCo.Ltd.Member
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsShanghaiGoldenMonkeyNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/OtherIncomeExpenseNetScheduleOfOtherIncomeAndExpenseNetDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsPerformanceAssumptionChange: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The change in the number of shares under a share-based award plan other than a stock option plan due to a change in the performance assumptions.
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Equity Instruments Other Than Options Performance Assumption Change
        negatedTerseLabel: Performance assumption change (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsPerformanceAssumptionChange
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfPsusAndRsusActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    hsy_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsPerformanceAssumptionChangeWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted average fair value as of the grant date pertaining to a share-based award plan other than a stock option plan due to a change in the performance assumptions.
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Equity Instruments Other Than Options Performance Assumption Change Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        terseLabel: Performance assumption change
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsPerformanceAssumptionChangeWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfPsusAndRsusActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    hsy_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsPerformanceScorePercentage: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share Based Compensation Arrangement, By Share Based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other Than Options, Performance Score, Percentage
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement, By Share Based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other Than Options, Performance Score, Percentage
        terseLabel: Share based compensation arrangement, by share based payment award, equity instruments other than options, performance score, percentage
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsPerformanceScorePercentage
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansStockCompensationPlansNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    hsy_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardIntrinsicValueOfShareBasedLiabilitiesPaidCombinedWithFairValueOfSharesVested: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Intrinsic value of share-based liabilities paid, combined with the fair value of shares vested (in millions of dollars).
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Intrinsic Value Of Share Based Liabilities Paid Combined With Fair Value Of Shares Vested
        terseLabel: Intrinsic value of share-based liabilities paid, combined with the fair value of shares vested (in millions of dollars)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardIntrinsicValueOfShareBasedLiabilitiesPaidCombinedWithFairValueOfSharesVested
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansStockCompensationPlansNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hsy_ShareRepurchaseProgramAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share Repurchase Program [Abstract]
        label: Share Repurchase Program [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Stock repurchases:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareRepurchaseProgramAbstract
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestScheduleOfChangesInOutstandingSharesOfCommmonStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    hsy_SnacksPortfolioMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Snacks Portfolio [Member]
        label: Snacks Portfolio [Member]
        terseLabel: Snacks portfolio
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SnacksPortfolioMember
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationScheduleOfAdditionalProductLineSalesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_TaxCutsandJobsActReclassificationFromAOCIToRetainedEarningsAfterTaxCashFlowHedges: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Reclassification From AOCI To Retained Earnings, After Tax, Cash Flow Hedges
        label: Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Reclassification From AOCI To Retained Earnings, After Tax, Cash Flow Hedges
        totalLabel: Tax cuts and jobs act, reclassification from aoci to retained earnings, after tax, cash flow hedges
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TaxCutsandJobsActReclassificationFromAOCIToRetainedEarningsAfterTaxCashFlowHedges
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hsy_TaxCutsandJobsActReclassificationFromAOCIToRetainedEarningsAfterTaxPensionandPostretirementBenefitPlans: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 8.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Reclassification From AOCI To Retained Earnings, After Tax Pension and Post-retirement Benefit Plans
        label: Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Reclassification From AOCI To Retained Earnings, After Tax Pension and Post-retirement Benefit Plans
        totalLabel: Tax cuts and jobs act, reclassification from aoci to retained earnings, after tax pension and post-retirement benefit plans
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TaxCutsandJobsActReclassificationFromAOCIToRetainedEarningsAfterTaxPensionandPostretirementBenefitPlans
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hsy_TaxCutsandJobsActReclassificationFromAOCIToRetainedEarningsPreTaxEffectCashFlowHedges: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: hsy_TaxCutsandJobsActReclassificationFromAOCIToRetainedEarningsAfterTaxCashFlowHedges
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Reclassification From AOCI To Retained Earnings, Pre Tax Effect, Cash Flow Hedges
        label: Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Reclassification From AOCI To Retained Earnings, Pre Tax Effect, Cash Flow Hedges
        terseLabel: Tax cuts and jobs act, reclassification from aoci to retained earnings, pre tax effect, cash flow hedges
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TaxCutsandJobsActReclassificationFromAOCIToRetainedEarningsPreTaxEffectCashFlowHedges
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hsy_TaxCutsandJobsActReclassificationFromAOCIToRetainedEarningsPreTaxEffectPensionandPostretirementBenefitPlans: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: hsy_TaxCutsandJobsActReclassificationFromAOCIToRetainedEarningsAfterTaxPensionandPostretirementBenefitPlans
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Reclassification From AOCI To Retained Earnings, Pre Tax Effect, Pension and Post-retirement Benefit Plans
        label: Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Reclassification From AOCI To Retained Earnings, Pre Tax Effect, Pension and Post-retirement Benefit Plans
        terseLabel: Tax cuts and jobs act, reclassification from aoci to retained earnings, pre tax effect, pension and post-retirement benefit plans
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TaxCutsandJobsActReclassificationFromAOCIToRetainedEarningsPreTaxEffectPensionandPostretirementBenefitPlans
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hsy_TaxCutsandJobsActReclassificationFromAOCIToRetainedEarningsTaxEffect: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Reclassification From AOCI To Retained Earnings, Tax Effect
        label: Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Reclassification From AOCI To Retained Earnings, Tax Effect
        terseLabel: Tax cuts and jobs act, reclassification from aoci to retained earnings, tax effect
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TaxCutsandJobsActReclassificationFromAOCIToRetainedEarningsTaxEffect
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hsy_TaxCutsandJobsActReclassificationFromAOCIToRetainedEarningsTaxEffectCashFlowHedges: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Reclassification From AOCI To Retained Earnings, Tax Effect, Cash Flow Hedges
        label: Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Reclassification From AOCI To Retained Earnings, Tax Effect, Cash Flow Hedges
        terseLabel: Tax cuts and jobs act, reclassification from aoci to retained earnings, tax effect, cash flow hedges
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TaxCutsandJobsActReclassificationFromAOCIToRetainedEarningsTaxEffectCashFlowHedges
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hsy_TaxCutsandJobsActReclassificationFromAOCIToRetainedEarningsTaxEffectPensionandPostretirementBenefitPlans: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 8.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Reclassification From AOCI To Retained Earnings, Tax Effect, Pension and Post-retirement Benefit Plans
        label: Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Reclassification From AOCI To Retained Earnings, Tax Effect, Pension and Post-retirement Benefit Plans
        terseLabel: Tax cuts and jobs act, reclassification from aoci to retained earnings, tax effect, pension and post-retirement benefit plans
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TaxCutsandJobsActReclassificationFromAOCIToRetainedEarningsTaxEffectPensionandPostretirementBenefitPlans
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hsy_TaxCutsandJobsActof2017MeasurementPeriodAdjustmentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, Measurement Period Adjustment, Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        label: Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, Measurement Period Adjustment, Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, measurement period adjustment, income tax expense (benefit)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TaxCutsandJobsActof2017MeasurementPeriodAdjustmentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hsy_TaxCutsandJobsActof2017NetImpactChangeinTaxRateandMandatoryTaxonUnremittedForeignEarningsIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, Net Impact Change in Tax Rate and Mandatory Tax on Unremitted Foreign Earnings, Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        label: Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, Net Impact Change in Tax Rate and Mandatory Tax on Unremitted Foreign Earnings, Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, change in tax rate, income tax expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TaxCutsandJobsActof2017NetImpactChangeinTaxRateandMandatoryTaxonUnremittedForeignEarningsIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hsy_TaxCutsandJobsActof2017ReclassificationfromAOCItoRetainedEarnings: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, Reclassification from AOCI to Retained Earnings
        label: Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, Reclassification from AOCI to Retained Earnings
        terseLabel: Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, Reclassification from AOCI to Retained Earnings
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TaxCutsandJobsActof2017ReclassificationfromAOCItoRetainedEarnings
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesRecentAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hsy_TreasuryStockSharesRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Treasury Stock, Shares [Roll Forward]
        label: Treasury Stock, Shares [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Treasury Stock, Shares [Roll Forward]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TreasuryStockSharesRollForward
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestScheduleOfChangesInOutstandingSharesOfCommmonStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    hsy_TyrrellsandShanghaiGoldenMonkeySGMMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tyrrells and Shanghai Golden Monkey (SGM) [Member]
        label: Tyrrells and Shanghai Golden Monkey (SGM) [Member]
        terseLabel: Tyrrells and Shanghai Golden Monkey (SGM)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TyrrellsandShanghaiGoldenMonkeySGMMember
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hsy_UnsettledAccruedLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Unsettled Accrued Liabilities
        label: Unsettled Accrued Liabilities
        terseLabel: Unsettled Accrued Liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnsettledAccruedLiabilities
     nsuri: http://www.hersheys.com/20181231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesRevenueRecognitionDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r646
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate notional amount specified by the derivative(s). Expressed as an absolute value.
        label: Derivative, Notional Amount
        terseLabel: Derivative, notional amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeNotionalAmount
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/invest/2013-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsDerivativeInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r211
      r222
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by components, eliminations, non-segment corporate-level activity and reconciling items used in consolidating a parent entity and its subsidiaries or its operating segments.
        label: Consolidation Items [Axis]
        terseLabel: Consolidation Items [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConsolidationItemsAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfChangesInCarryingValueOfGoodwillByReportableSegmentDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfDepreciationAndAmortizationExpenseIncludedWithinSegmentIncomeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfNetSalesAndEarningsBySegmentDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationScheduleOfUnallocatedMarkToMarketGainsLossesOnCommodityDerivativesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_ConsolidationItemsDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Components, elimination, non-segment corporate-level activity and reconciling items used in consolidating a parent entity and its subsidiaries or its operating segments.
        label: Consolidation Items [Domain]
        terseLabel: Consolidation Items [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConsolidationItemsDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfChangesInCarryingValueOfGoodwillByReportableSegmentDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfDepreciationAndAmortizationExpenseIncludedWithinSegmentIncomeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfNetSalesAndEarningsBySegmentDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationScheduleOfUnallocatedMarkToMarketGainsLossesOnCommodityDerivativesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_CounterpartyNameAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r85
      r152
      r651
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by name of counterparty. A counterparty is the other party that participates in a financial transaction. Examples include, but not limited to, the name of the financial institution.
        label: Counterparty Name [Axis]
        terseLabel: Counterparty Name [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CounterpartyNameAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestEquityAndNoncontrollingInterestNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_EquityMethodInvesteeNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of investment, including named security. Excludes consolidated entity.
        label: Investment, Name [Domain]
        terseLabel: Investment, Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquityMethodInvesteeNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_MajorCustomersAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r227
      r334
      r338
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by name or description of a single external customer or a group of external customers.
        label: Customer [Axis]
        terseLabel: Customer [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MajorCustomersAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAccountsReceivableTradeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesRevenueRecognitionDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_MaximumMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Upper limit of the provided range.
        label: Maximum [Member]
        terseLabel: Maximum
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MaximumMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsRippleBrandCollectiveLlcNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesBusinessRealignmentActivitiesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsDerivativeInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansPensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansStockCompensationPlansNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesComputerSoftwareDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_MinimumMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Lower limit of the provided range.
        label: Minimum [Member]
        terseLabel: Minimum
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MinimumMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsRippleBrandCollectiveLlcNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesBusinessRealignmentActivitiesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsDerivativeInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansPensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansStockCompensationPlansNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesComputerSoftwareDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_NameOfMajorCustomerDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Single external customer or group of external customers.
        label: Customer [Domain]
        terseLabel: Customer [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NameOfMajorCustomerDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAccountsReceivableTradeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesRevenueRecognitionDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_NorthAmericaMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Continent of North America.
        label: North America [Member]
        terseLabel: North America
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NorthAmericaMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesBusinessRealignmentActivitiesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_OwnershipAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by name of entity in which ownership interest is disclosed. Excludes equity method investee and named security investment.
        label: Ownership [Axis]
        terseLabel: Ownership [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OwnershipAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsShanghaiGoldenMonkeyNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_OwnershipDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of entity in which ownership interest is disclosed. Excludes equity method investee and named security investment.
        label: Ownership [Domain]
        terseLabel: Ownership [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OwnershipDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsShanghaiGoldenMonkeyNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_ProductOrServiceAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r225
      r334
      r336
      r636
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by product and service, or group of similar products and similar services.
        label: Product and Service [Axis]
        terseLabel: Product and Service [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProductOrServiceAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationScheduleOfAdditionalProductLineSalesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_ProductsAndServicesDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Product or service, or a group of similar products or similar services.
        label: Product and Service [Domain]
        terseLabel: Product and Service [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProductsAndServicesDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationScheduleOfAdditionalProductLineSalesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_RangeAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by range, including, but not limited to, upper and lower bounds.
        label: Range [Axis]
        terseLabel: Range [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RangeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsRippleBrandCollectiveLlcAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsRippleBrandCollectiveLlcNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesBusinessRealignmentActivitiesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsDerivativeInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansPensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansStockCompensationPlansNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesComputerSoftwareDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_RangeMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Extent of variation, for example, but not limited to, upper and lower bounds.
        label: Range [Domain]
        terseLabel: Range [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RangeMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsRippleBrandCollectiveLlcAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsRippleBrandCollectiveLlcNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesBusinessRealignmentActivitiesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsDerivativeInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansPensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansStockCompensationPlansNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesComputerSoftwareDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_RepurchaseAgreementCounterpartyNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Named other party that participates in a financial transaction. Examples include, but not limited to, the name of the financial institution.
        label: Counterparty Name [Domain]
        terseLabel: Counterparty Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RepurchaseAgreementCounterpartyNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestEquityAndNoncontrollingInterestNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r240
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by name of investment, including named security. Excludes consolidated entity.
        label: Investment, Name [Axis]
        terseLabel: Investment, Name [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r163
      r649
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.
        label: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Schedule of Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccounts
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    srt_SegmentGeographicalDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Geographical area.
        label: Geographical [Domain]
        terseLabel: Geographical [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SegmentGeographicalDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSegmentInformationByGeographyDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_StatementGeographicalAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r226
      r334
      r337
      r640
      r642
      r647
      r648
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by geographical components.
        label: Geographical [Axis]
        terseLabel: Geographical [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementGeographicalAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSegmentInformationByGeographyDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_SummaryOfInvestmentsOtherThanInvestmentsInRelatedPartiesReportableDataLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: SEC Schedule, 12-15, Insurance Companies, Summary of Investments, Other than Investments in Related Parties [Line Items]
        terseLabel: SEC Schedule, 12-15, Insurance Companies, Summary of Investments, Other than Investments in Related Parties [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SummaryOfInvestmentsOtherThanInvestmentsInRelatedPartiesReportableDataLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/OtherIncomeExpenseNetScheduleOfOtherIncomeAndExpenseNetDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_SummaryOfInvestmentsOtherThanInvestmentsInRelatedPartiesTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r639
      r650
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about investment held by insurance company, excluding investment in related party.
        label: SEC Schedule, 12-15, Insurance Companies, Summary of Investments, Other than Investments in Related Parties [Table]
        terseLabel: SEC Schedule, 12-15, Insurance Companies, Summary of Investments, Other than Investments in Related Parties [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SummaryOfInvestmentsOtherThanInvestmentsInRelatedPartiesTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/OtherIncomeExpenseNetScheduleOfOtherIncomeAndExpenseNetDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Valuation and Qualifying Accounts [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2018-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure [Line Items]
        terseLabel: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccounts
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r163
      r649
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.
        label: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure [Table]
        terseLabel: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccounts
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Accounting Policies [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountingPoliciesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201602Member: {
     auth_ref: [
      r589
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accounting Standards Update 2016-02 Leases (Topic 842).
        label: Accounting Standards Update 2016-02 [Member]
        terseLabel: Accounting Standards Update 2016-02
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountingStandardsUpdate201602Member
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesRecentAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201707Member: {
     auth_ref: [
      r397
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accounting Standards Update 2017-07 Compensation-Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost.
        label: Accounting Standards Update 2017-07 [Member]
        terseLabel: Accounting Standards Update 2017-07
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountingStandardsUpdate201707Member
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesRecentAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r62
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: Accounts Payable, Current
        terseLabel: Accounts payable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountsPayableCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Due from customers or clients for goods or services that have been delivered or sold.
        label: Accounts Receivable [Member]
        terseLabel: Accounts Receivable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountsReceivableMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAccountsReceivableTradeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r45
      r335
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount due from customers or clients, within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle, whichever is longer), for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business, reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
        label: Accounts Receivable, Net, Current
        terseLabel: Accounts receivable\u2014trade, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountsReceivableNetCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccruedIncomeTaxesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r37
      r601
      r624
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of the unpaid sum of the known and estimated amounts payable to satisfy all currently due domestic and foreign income tax obligations.
        label: Accrued Income Taxes, Current
        terseLabel: Accrued income taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccruedIncomeTaxesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r68
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable, pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature, are incurred on contractual obligations, or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes, interest, rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: Accrued Liabilities, Current
        terseLabel: Accrued liabilities
        totalLabel: Total accrued liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Accrued Liabilities, Current [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccruedLiabilitiesCurrentAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccruedMarketingCostsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for the marketing, trade and selling of the entity's goods and services.   Marketing costs would include expenditures for planning and executing the conception, pricing, promotion, and distribution of ideas, goods, and services; costs of public relations and corporate promotions; and obligations incurred and payable for sales discounts, rebates, price protection programs, etc. offered to customers and under government programs. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: Accrued Marketing Costs, Current
        terseLabel: Advertising, promotion and product allowances
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccruedMarketingCostsCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r60
      r281
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
        label: Accumulated Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Property, Plant, and Equipment
        negatedTerseLabel: Accumulated depreciation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCumulativeChangesInNetGainLossFromCashFlowHedgesEffectNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r88
      r93
      r95
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated change, net of tax, in accumulated gains and losses from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges. Includes an entity's share of an equity investee's Increase or Decrease in deferred hedging gains or losses.
        label: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Cumulative Changes in Net Gain (Loss) from Cash Flow Hedges, Effect Net of Tax
        terseLabel: Cash flow hedges, net of tax
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCumulativeChangesInNetGainLossFromCashFlowHedgesEffectNetOfTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r90
      r96
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after tax, of accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss for defined benefit plan, that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit cost (credit).
        label: Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss, Defined Benefit Plan, after Tax
        negatedTerseLabel: Pension and post-retirement benefit plans, net of tax
        totalLabel: Net amounts recognized in AOCI
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansNetOfTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r87
      r93
      r95
      r96
      r575
      r580
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated adjustment, net of tax, that results from the process of translating subsidiary financial statements and foreign equity investments into the reporting currency from the functional currency of the reporting entity, net of reclassification of realized foreign currency translation gains or losses.
        label: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment, Net of Tax
        terseLabel: Foreign currency translation adjustments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r93
      r95
      r96
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources, net of tax effect, at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss), and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items, certain pension adjustments, unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities, other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis, as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
        label: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax
        totalLabel: Total accumulated other comprehensive loss
        verboseLabel: Accumulated other comprehensive loss
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r92
      r96
      r100
      r519
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources, attributable to the parent. Excludes net income (loss), and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
        label: AOCI Attributable to Parent [Member]
        terseLabel: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital: {
     auth_ref: [
      r46
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock, use the element additional paid in capital, common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock, use the element additional paid in capital, preferred stock.
        label: Additional Paid in Capital
        terseLabel: Additional paid-in capital
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdditionalPaidInCapital
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders.
        label: Additional Paid-in Capital [Member]
        terseLabel: Additional Paid-in Capital
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r165
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by new accounting pronouncement.
        label: Adjustments for New Accounting Pronouncements [Axis]
        terseLabel: Adjustments for New Accounting Pronouncements [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesRecentAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r401
      r403
      r440
      r441
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase to additional paid-in capital (APIC) from recognition of equity-based compensation.
        label: Adjustments to Additional Paid in Capital, Share-based Compensation, Requisite Service Period Recognition
        terseLabel: Stock-based compensation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income (Loss) to Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r444
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount charged to advertising expense for the period, which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand, product or product line.
        label: Advertising Expense
        terseLabel: Advertising expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdvertisingExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesSellingMarketingAndAdministrativeExpenseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r403
      r433
      r439
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the expense recognized during the period arising from equity-based compensation arrangements (for example, shares of stock, unit, stock options or other equity instruments) with employees, directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.
        label: Allocated Share-based Compensation Expense
        terseLabel: Pre-tax compensation expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfCompensationExpenseAndIncomeTaxBenefitsForStockBasedCompensationProgramsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AllowanceForCreditLossMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r162
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Allowance for credit loss from right to consideration in exchange for good or service transferred to customer when right is conditioned on something other than passage of time.
        label: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Allowance, Credit Loss [Member]
        terseLabel: Allowance for Trade Receivables
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AllowanceForCreditLossMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r77
      r232
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle, whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.
        label: Allowance for Doubtful Accounts Receivable, Current
        terseLabel: Allowance for doubtful accounts
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAccountsReceivableTradeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r140
      r261
      r269
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense, this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.
        label: Amortization of Intangible Assets
        terseLabel: Amortization of Intangible Assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AmountRecognizedInNetPeriodicBenefitCostAndOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r396
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfComponentsOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount recognized in net periodic benefit cost (credit) and other comprehensive (income) loss.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Amount Recognized in Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit) and Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss, before Tax
        totalLabel: Net amounts recognized in periodic benefit cost and AOCI
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AmountRecognizedInNetPeriodicBenefitCostAndOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfComponentsOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r183
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) or earnings per unit (EPU) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS or EPU because to do so would increase EPS or EPU amounts or decrease loss per share or unit amounts for the period presented.
        label: Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share, Amount
        terseLabel: Antidilutive securities excluded from computation of earnings per share (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EarningsPerShareEarningsPerShareNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r183
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of antidilutive security.
        label: Antidilutive Securities [Axis]
        terseLabel: Antidilutive Securities [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EarningsPerShareEarningsPerShareNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EarningsPerShareEarningsPerShareNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r183
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Incremental common shares attributable to securities that were not included in diluted earnings per share (EPS) because to do so would increase EPS amounts or decrease loss per share amounts for the period presented.
        label: Antidilutive Securities, Name [Domain]
        terseLabel: Antidilutive Securities, Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AntidilutiveSecuritiesNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EarningsPerShareEarningsPerShareNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges: {
     auth_ref: [
      r140
      r278
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of write-down of assets recognized in the income statement. Includes, but is not limited to, losses from tangible assets, intangible assets and goodwill.
        label: Asset Impairment Charges
        terseLabel: Long-lived asset impairment charges
        verboseLabel: Long-lived asset impairment charges
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetImpairmentCharges
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesBusinessRealignmentActivitiesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_Assets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r216
      r599
      r623
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are recognized. Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
        label: Assets
        totalLabel: Total assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Assets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Assets [Abstract]
        terseLabel: ASSETS
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r20
      r22
      r82
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash, sold, or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle, if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
        label: Assets, Current
        totalLabel: Total current assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Assets, Current [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Current assets:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsCurrentAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r0
      r1
      r9
      r11
      r285
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount classified as assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of.
        label: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Assets
        terseLabel: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Assets
        totalLabel: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r404
      r436
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by award type pertaining to equity-based compensation.
        label: Award Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Award Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AwardTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestEquityAndNoncontrollingInterestNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestScheduleOfChangesInOutstandingSharesOfCommmonStockDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfPsusAndRsusActivityDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfPsusAndRsusFairValueWeightedAverageAssumptionsDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansStockCompensationPlansNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Facility held for productive use including, but not limited to, office, production, storage and distribution facilities and any addition, improvement, or renovation to the structure, for example, but not limited to, interior masonry, interior flooring, electrical, and plumbing.
        label: Building and Building Improvements [Member]
        terseLabel: Building and Building Improvements
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BuildingsAndImprovementsGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r24
      r280
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accumulated depreciation of building structures held for productive use including addition, improvement, or renovation to the structure, including, but not limited to, interior masonry, interior flooring, electrical, and plumbing.
        label: Buildings and Improvements, Gross
        terseLabel: Buildings
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BuildingsAndImprovementsGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAcquireeDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Identification of the acquiree in a material business combination (or series of individually immaterial business combinations), which may include the name or other type of identification of the acquiree.
        label: Business Acquisition, Acquiree [Domain]
        terseLabel: Business Acquisition, Acquiree [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessAcquisitionAcquireeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsRippleBrandCollectiveLlcAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsRippleBrandCollectiveLlcNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsShanghaiGoldenMonkeyNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsTables
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/OtherIncomeExpenseNetScheduleOfOtherIncomeAndExpenseNetDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r489
      r490
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by business combination or series of individually immaterial business combinations.
        label: Business Acquisition [Axis]
        terseLabel: Business Acquisition [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessAcquisitionAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsRippleBrandCollectiveLlcAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsRippleBrandCollectiveLlcNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsShanghaiGoldenMonkeyNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsTables
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/OtherIncomeExpenseNetScheduleOfOtherIncomeAndExpenseNetDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Business Acquisition [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Business Acquisition [Line Items]
        verboseLabel: Business Acquisition and Divestitures [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessAcquisitionLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsRippleBrandCollectiveLlcAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsRippleBrandCollectiveLlcNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsShanghaiGoldenMonkeyNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsTables
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPercentageOfVotingInterestsAcquired: {
     auth_ref: [
      r488
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of voting equity interests acquired at the acquisition date in the business combination.
        label: Business Acquisition, Percentage of Voting Interests Acquired
        terseLabel: Business Acquisition, Percentage of Voting Interests Acquired
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessAcquisitionPercentageOfVotingInterestsAcquired
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsShanghaiGoldenMonkeyNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionSharePrice: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Price of a single share of a number of saleable stocks paid or offered to be paid in a business combination.
        label: Business Acquisition, Share Price
        terseLabel: Business Acquisition, Share Price
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessAcquisitionSharePrice
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r487
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents acquisition-related costs incurred to effect a business combination which costs have been expensed during the period. Such costs include finder's fees; advisory, legal, accounting, valuation, and other professional or consulting fees; general administrative costs, including the costs of maintaining an internal acquisitions department; and may include costs of registering and issuing debt and equity securities.
        label: Business Combination, Acquisition Related Costs
        terseLabel: Business Combination, Acquisition Related Costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationBargainPurchaseGainRecognizedAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r499
      r500
      r501
      r502
      r503
      r508
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: In a business combination in which the amount of net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the aggregate consideration transferred or to be transferred (as defined), this element represents the amount of gain recognized by the entity.
        label: Business Combination, Bargain Purchase, Gain Recognized, Amount
        negatedTerseLabel: Gain on settlement of SGM liability (see Note 2)
        terseLabel: Gain on settlement of SGM liability (see Note 2)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessCombinationBargainPurchaseGainRecognizedAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsShanghaiGoldenMonkeyNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/OtherIncomeExpenseNetScheduleOfOtherIncomeAndExpenseNetDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r504
      r505
      r506
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of consideration transferred, consisting of acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred by the acquirer, liabilities incurred by the acquirer, and equity interest issued by the acquirer.
        label: Business Combination, Consideration Transferred
        terseLabel: Business Combination, Consideration Transferred
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationIntegrationRelatedCosts: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Costs incurred to effect a business combination which have been expensed during the period. Such costs could include business integration costs, systems integration and conversion costs, and severance and other employee-related costs.
        label: Business Combination, Integration Related Costs
        terseLabel: Acquisition-related costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessCombinationIntegrationRelatedCosts
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfNetSalesAndEarningsBySegmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCashAndEquivalents: {
     auth_ref: [
      r492
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions, acquired at the acquisition date. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.
        label: Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Cash and Equivalents
        terseLabel: Cash acquired
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCashAndEquivalents
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsRippleBrandCollectiveLlcAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r492
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer, acquired at the acquisition date.
        label: Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Current Assets
        terseLabel: Accounts receivable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsOther: {
     auth_ref: [
      r492
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of other assets expected to be realized or consumed before one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer, acquired at the acquisition date.
        label: Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Current Assets, Other
        terseLabel: Other current assets
        verboseLabel: Other current assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsOther
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsRippleBrandCollectiveLlcAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r492
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liabilities due within one year or within the normal operating cycle, if longer, assumed at the acquisition date.
        label: Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Current Liabilities
        negatedTerseLabel: Current liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsRippleBrandCollectiveLlcAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesAccountsPayable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r492
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liabilities incurred for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business and related party payables, assumed at the acquisition date.
        label: Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Current Liabilities, Accounts Payable
        negatedTerseLabel: Accounts payable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesAccountsPayable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesOther: {
     auth_ref: [
      r492
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of other liabilities due within one year or within the normal operating cycle, if longer, assumed at the acquisition date.
        label: Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Current Liabilities, Other
        negatedTerseLabel: Other current liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesOther
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r492
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary difference assumed at the acquisition date that are classified as noncurrent.
        label: Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Deferred Tax Liabilities Noncurrent
        negatedTerseLabel: Non-current deferred income taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r492
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of tangible personal property used to produce goods and services, including, but is not limited to, tools, dies and molds, computer and office equipment, acquired at the acquisition date.
        label: Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Equipment
        terseLabel: Plant, property and equipment, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedEquipment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles: {
     auth_ref: [
      r491
      r492
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of identifiable intangible assets recognized as of the acquisition date.
        label: Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Finite-Lived Intangibles
        terseLabel: Other intangible assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsRippleBrandCollectiveLlcAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedInventory: {
     auth_ref: [
      r491
      r492
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of inventory recognized as of the acquisition date.
        label: Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Inventory
        terseLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedInventory
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r491
      r492
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount recognized as of the acquisition date for the identifiable assets acquired in excess of (less than) the aggregate liabilities assumed.
        label: Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Net
        terseLabel: Net assets acquired
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsRippleBrandCollectiveLlcAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNoncurrentAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r492
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of assets expected to be realized or consumed after one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer, acquired at the acquisition date.
        label: Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Noncurrent Assets
        terseLabel: Other non-current assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNoncurrentAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNoncurrentLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r492
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liabilities due after one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer, assumed at the acquisition date.
        label: Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Noncurrent Liabilities
        negatedTerseLabel: Non-current liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNoncurrentLiabilities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Business Combinations [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessCombinationsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessDescriptionAndBasisOfPresentationTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r16
      r164
      r207
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for the business description and basis of presentation concepts.  Business description describes the nature and type of organization including but not limited to organizational structure as may be applicable to holding companies, parent and subsidiary relationships, business divisions, business units, business segments, affiliates and information about significant ownership of the reporting entity.  Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example, US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting, IFRS).
        label: Business Description and Basis of Presentation [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Description of Business and Basis of Presentation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessDescriptionAndBasisOfPresentationTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r588
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A borrowing recorded for a lease meeting the criteria for capitalization. A lease is defined as an agreement conveying the right to use property, plant, or equipment (land or depreciable assets) usually for a stated period of time.
        label: Capital Lease Obligations [Member]
        terseLabel: Lease Obligations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalLeaseObligationsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfLongTermDebtInstrumentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r588
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Capital Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due, Next Twelve Months
        terseLabel: Capital Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due, Next Twelve Months
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfOperatingAndCapitalLeaseObligationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r588
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Capital Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due in Five Years
        terseLabel: Capital Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due in Five Years
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfOperatingAndCapitalLeaseObligationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r588
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Capital Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due in Four Years
        terseLabel: Capital Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due in Four Years
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfOperatingAndCapitalLeaseObligationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r588
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Capital Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due in Three Years
        terseLabel: Capital Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due in Three Years
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfOperatingAndCapitalLeaseObligationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r588
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Capital Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due in Two Years
        terseLabel: Capital Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due in Two Years
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfOperatingAndCapitalLeaseObligationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter: {
     auth_ref: [
      r588
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Capital Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due Thereafter
        terseLabel: Capital Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due Thereafter
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfOperatingAndCapitalLeaseObligationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareAccumulatedAmortization: {
     auth_ref: [
      r644
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: For each balance sheet presented, the amount of accumulated amortization for capitalized computer software costs.
        label: Capitalized Computer Software, Accumulated Amortization
        terseLabel: Capitalized computer software, accumulated amortization
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalizedComputerSoftwareAccumulatedAmortization
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesComputerSoftwareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r643
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The carrying amount of capitalized computer software costs net of accumulated amortization as of the balance sheet date.
        label: Capitalized Computer Software, Net
        verboseLabel: Capitalized software, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalizedComputerSoftwareNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesComputerSoftwareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r17
      r57
      r142
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
        label: Cash and Cash Equivalents, at Carrying Value
        periodEndLabel: Cash and cash equivalents, end of period
        periodStartLabel: Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period
        terseLabel: Cash and cash equivalents
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.
        label: Cash and Cash Equivalents [Member]
        terseLabel: Cash and cash equivalents
        verboseLabel: Cash
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsWithinFairValueHierarchyDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPlanAssetsAcrossAssetClassesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
        label: Cash and Cash Equivalents, Period Increase (Decrease)
        terseLabel: Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r29
      r143
      r149
      r229
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents, including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents, (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk, (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts), and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example, at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
        label: Cash and Cash Equivalents, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Cash Equivalents
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashFlowHedgeGainLossToBeReclassifiedWithinTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: [
      r554
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The estimated net amount of existing gains or losses on cash flow hedges at the reporting date expected to be reclassified to earnings within the next 12 months.
        label: Cash Flow Hedge Gain (Loss) to be Reclassified within Twelve Months
        terseLabel: Cash flow hedge gain (loss) to be reclassified within twelve months
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashFlowHedgeGainLossToBeReclassifiedWithinTwelveMonths
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsDerivativeInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashFlowHedgingMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r528
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Hedge of the exposure to variability in the cash flows of a recognized asset or liability, or of a forecasted transaction, that is attributable to a particular risk.
        label: Cash Flow Hedging [Member]
        terseLabel: Cash Flow Hedges
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashFlowHedgingMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsDerivativeInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsScheduleOfClassificationOfDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesWithinConsolidatedBalanceSheetsDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsScheduleOfEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsOnConsolidatedStatementsOfIncomeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ClassOfStockDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share of stock differentiated by the voting rights the holder receives. Examples include, but are not limited to, common stock, redeemable preferred stock, nonredeemable preferred stock, and convertible stock.
        label: Class of Stock [Domain]
        terseLabel: Class of Stock [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ClassOfStockDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsShanghaiGoldenMonkeyNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquityParenthetical
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestEquityAndNoncontrollingInterestNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestScheduleOfChangesInOutstandingSharesOfCommmonStockDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Class of Stock [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Class of Stock [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ClassOfStockLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestEquityAndNoncontrollingInterestNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestScheduleOfChangesInOutstandingSharesOfCommmonStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CollateralizedDebtObligationsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r236
      r361
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Securities collateralized by a pool of assets.
        label: Collateralized Debt Obligations [Member]
        terseLabel: Collateralized obligations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CollateralizedDebtObligationsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsWithinFairValueHierarchyDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommercialPaperMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r312
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Unsecured promissory note (generally negotiable) that provides institutions with short-term funds.
        label: Commercial Paper [Member]
        terseLabel: Commercial Paper
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommercialPaperMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtShortTermDebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r310
      r311
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for commitments and contingencies.
        label: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Commitments and Contingencies
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingencies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommodityContractMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r361
      r544
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Derivative instrument whose primary underlying risk is tied to commodity prices.
        label: Commodity Contract [Member]
        terseLabel: Commodities futures and options
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommodityContractMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsDerivativeInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsScheduleOfClassificationOfDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesWithinConsolidatedBalanceSheetsDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsScheduleOfEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsOnConsolidatedStatementsOfIncomeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsScheduleOfAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredAtFairValueDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationScheduleOfUnallocatedMarkToMarketGainsLossesOnCommodityDerivativesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonClassBMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Classification of common stock that has different rights than Common Class A, representing ownership interest in a corporation.
        label: Common Class B [Member]
        terseLabel: Class B common stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonClassBMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquityParenthetical
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestEquityAndNoncontrollingInterestNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid: {
     auth_ref: [
      r329
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate dividends paid during the period for each share of common stock outstanding.
        label: Common Stock, Dividends, Per Share, Cash Paid
        terseLabel: Dividends paid per share (USD per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquityParenthetical
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock that is subordinate to all other stock of the issuer.
        label: Common Stock [Member]
        terseLabel: Common Stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r44
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Face amount or stated value per share of common stock.
        label: Common Stock, Par or Stated Value Per Share
        terseLabel: Common stock, par (USD per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestEquityAndNoncontrollingInterestNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r44
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The maximum number of common shares permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws.
        label: Common Stock, Shares Authorized
        terseLabel: Common stock, shares authorized (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockSharesAuthorized
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestEquityAndNoncontrollingInterestNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r44
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued, repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners, and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
        label: Common Stock, Shares, Issued
        terseLabel: Common stock, shares issued (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockSharesIssued
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestScheduleOfChangesInOutstandingSharesOfCommmonStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r44
      r322
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares of common stock outstanding. Common stock represent the ownership interest in a corporation.
        label: Common Stock, Shares, Outstanding
        terseLabel: Common stock, shares, outstanding (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockSharesOutstanding
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestEquityAndNoncontrollingInterestNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestScheduleOfChangesInOutstandingSharesOfCommmonStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r44
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares, par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
        label: Common Stock, Value, Issued
        terseLabel: Common stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Retirement Benefits [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ComponentsOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Components of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Included in:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ComponentsOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r103
      r105
      r106
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income, attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
        label: Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax, Attributable to Parent
        totalLabel: Comprehensive income attributable to The Hershey Company
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest: {
     auth_ref: [
      r103
      r105
      r513
      r514
      r523
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income (loss) and other comprehensive income (loss), attributable to noncontrolling interests. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
        label: Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax, Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest
        terseLabel: Comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interest
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest: {
     auth_ref: [
      r103
      r105
      r512
      r523
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
        label: Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax, Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest
        totalLabel: Total comprehensive income including noncontrolling interest
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskBenchmarkDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r200
      r202
      r569
      r570
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The denominator in a calculation of a disclosed concentration risk percentage.
        label: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Domain]
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskBenchmarkDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesBusinessRealignmentActivitiesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesCommitmentsAndContingenciesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAccountsReceivableTradeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesRevenueRecognitionDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r200
      r202
      r569
      r570
      r638
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by benchmark of concentration risk.
        label: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Axis]
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesBusinessRealignmentActivitiesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesCommitmentsAndContingenciesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAccountsReceivableTradeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesRevenueRecognitionDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r200
      r202
      r569
      r570
      r638
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of concentration risk, for example, but not limited to, asset, liability, net assets, geographic, customer, employees, supplier, lender.
        label: Concentration Risk Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesBusinessRealignmentActivitiesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAccountsReceivableTradeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesRevenueRecognitionDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Concentration Risk [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesCommitmentsAndContingenciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r200
      r202
      r569
      r570
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount, which serves as the \benchmark\ (or denominator) in the equation, this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
        label: Concentration Risk, Percentage
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk, Percentage
        verboseLabel: Percentage of employees
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskPercentage1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesBusinessRealignmentActivitiesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesCommitmentsAndContingenciesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAccountsReceivableTradeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesRevenueRecognitionDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r197
      r200
      r202
      r203
      r569
      r571
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Describes the nature of a concentration, a benchmark to which it is compared, and the percentage that the risk is to the benchmark.
        label: Concentration Risk [Table]
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesCommitmentsAndContingenciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r200
      r202
      r569
      r570
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: For an entity that discloses a concentration risk as a percentage of some financial balance or benchmark, identifies the type (for example, asset, liability, net assets, geographic, customer, employees, supplier, lender) of the concentration.
        label: Concentration Risk Type [Domain]
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesBusinessRealignmentActivitiesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAccountsReceivableTradeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesRevenueRecognitionDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r280
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of structure or a modification to a structure under construction. Includes recently completed structures or modifications to structures that have not been placed into service.
        label: Construction in Progress, Gross
        terseLabel: Construction in progress
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConstructionInProgressGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConversionOfStockSharesConverted1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r145
      r146
      r147
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of shares converted in a noncash (or part noncash) transaction. Noncash is defined as transactions during a period that do not result in cash receipts or cash payments in the period. \Part noncash\ refers to that portion of the transaction not resulting in cash receipts or cash payments in the period.
        label: Conversion of Stock, Shares Converted
        terseLabel: Conversion of stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConversionOfStockSharesConverted1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestEquityAndNoncontrollingInterestNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CorporateBondSecuritiesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This category includes information about long-term debt securities that are issued by either a domestic or foreign corporate business entity with a date certain promise of repayment and a return to the holder for the time value of money (for example, variable or fixed interest, original issue discount).
        label: Corporate Bond Securities [Member]
        terseLabel: Corporate bonds
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CorporateBondSecuritiesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsWithinFairValueHierarchyDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CorporateMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r208
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Component of an entity that usually provides financial, operational and administrative support and is considered an operating segment. Excludes intersegment elimination and reconciling items.
        label: Corporate Segment [Member]
        terseLabel: Corporate (1)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CorporateMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfDepreciationAndAmortizationExpenseIncludedWithinSegmentIncomeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CorporateNonSegmentMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r224
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Corporate headquarters or functional department that may not earn revenues or may earn revenues that are only incidental to the activities of the entity and is not considered an operating segment.
        label: Corporate, Non-Segment [Member]
        terseLabel: Corporate, Non-Segment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CorporateNonSegmentMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfDepreciationAndAmortizationExpenseIncludedWithinSegmentIncomeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfNetSalesAndEarningsBySegmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold: {
     auth_ref: [
      r117
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate costs related to goods produced and sold and services rendered by an entity during the reporting period. This excludes costs incurred during the reporting period related to financial services rendered and other revenue generating activities.
        label: Cost of Goods and Services Sold
        terseLabel: Cost of sales
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesRecentAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CostOfSalesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing cost of sales.
        label: Cost of Sales [Member]
        terseLabel: Cost of Sales
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CostOfSalesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesScheduleOfBusinessRealignmentActivityDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CostOfSalesPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r118
      r149
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for recognition of costs in the period which correspond to the sales and revenue categories presented in the statement of operations. The accounting policy may include the amount and nature of costs incurred, provisions associated with inventories, purchase discounts, freight and other costs included in cost of sales incurred and recorded in the period. This disclosure also includes the nature of costs of sales incurred and recorded in the statement of operations for the period relating to transactions with related parties.
        label: Cost of Sales, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Cost of Sales
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CostOfSalesPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of credit facility. Credit facilities provide capital to borrowers without the need to structure a loan for each borrowing.
        label: Credit Facility [Axis]
        terseLabel: Credit Facility [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CreditFacilityAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtShortTermDebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CreditFacilityDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Type of credit facility. Credit facilities provide capital to borrowers without the need to structure a loan for each borrowing.
        label: Credit Facility [Domain]
        terseLabel: Credit Facility [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CreditFacilityDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtShortTermDebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CumulativeEffectOfNewAccountingPrincipleInPeriodOfAdoption: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of increase (decrease) to equity or (increase) decrease to net assets, resulting from the cumulative effect adjustment of a new accounting principle applied in the period of adoption.
        label: Cumulative Effect of New Accounting Principle in Period of Adoption
        terseLabel: Cumulative effect of new accounting principle in period of adoption
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CumulativeEffectOfNewAccountingPrincipleInPeriodOfAdoption
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesRecentAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r151
      r475
      r480
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current federal tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Current Federal Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: Federal
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r157
      r477
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current foreign income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Current Foreign Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: Foreign
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r151
      r475
      r480
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to taxable income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Current Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        totalLabel: Current provision for income taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Current Income Tax Expense (Benefit), Continuing Operations [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Current:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r151
      r475
      r480
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current state and local tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Current State and Local Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: State
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r198
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reflects the percentage that revenues in the period from one or more significant customers is to net revenues, as defined by the entity, such as total net revenues, product line revenues, segment revenues. The risk is the materially adverse effects of loss of a significant customer.
        label: Customer Concentration Risk [Member]
        terseLabel: Customer Concentration Risk
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CustomerConcentrationRiskMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAccountsReceivableTradeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesRevenueRecognitionDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CustomerRelatedIntangibleAssetsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r494
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Customer-related asset, including, but not limited to, customer lists, and noncontractual customer relationships.
        label: Customer-Related Intangible Assets [Member]
        terseLabel: Customer-related
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CustomerRelatedIntangibleAssetsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfGrossCarryingAmountAndAccumulatedAmortizationForEachMajorClassOfIntangibleAssetDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r496
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Customer relationship that exists between an entity and its customer, for example, but not limited to, tenant relationships.
        label: Customer Relationships [Member]
        terseLabel: Customer Relationships
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CustomerRelationshipsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Debt Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r318
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements, which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit, note payable, commercial paper issue, bonds indenture, debenture issue, own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds, and about the underlying arrangements, rationale for a classification as long-term, including repayment terms, interest rates, collateral provided, restrictions on use of assets and activities, whether or not in compliance with debt covenants, and other matters important to users of the financial statements, such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
        label: Debt Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Short and Long-Term Debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebt
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r35
      r37
      r38
      r600
      r603
      r620
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of debt instrument, including, but not limited to, draws against credit facilities.
        label: Debt Instrument [Axis]
        terseLabel: Debt Instrument [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtLongTermDebtInterestRatesDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtLongTermDebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfLongTermDebtInstrumentsDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtShortTermDebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage: {
     auth_ref: [
      r70
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed, under the debt agreement.
        label: Debt Instrument, Interest Rate, Stated Percentage
        terseLabel: Interest rate, stated percentage
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtLongTermDebtInterestRatesDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtLongTermDebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfLongTermDebtInstrumentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Debt Instrument [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Debt Instrument [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtLongTermDebtInterestRatesDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtLongTermDebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfLongTermDebtInstrumentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r71
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The name for the particular debt instrument or borrowing that distinguishes it from other debt instruments or borrowings, including draws against credit facilities.
        label: Debt Instrument, Name [Domain]
        terseLabel: Debt Instrument, Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtLongTermDebtInterestRatesDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtLongTermDebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfLongTermDebtInstrumentsDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtShortTermDebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r71
      r154
      r323
      r326
      r327
      r328
      r582
      r583
      r585
      r617
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A table or schedule providing information pertaining to long-term debt instruments or arrangements, including identification, terms, features, collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company, if longer.
        label: Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtLongTermDebtInterestRatesDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtLongTermDebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfLongTermDebtInstrumentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtSecuritiesMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r237
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Debt instrument issued by corporations, governments and governmental agencies, municipalities, and other institutions.
        label: Debt Securities [Member]
        terseLabel: Fixed income securities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtSecuritiesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPlanAssetsAcrossAssetClassesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualSharesIssued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r435
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares issued pursuant to the terms of a deferred compensation arrangement.
        label: Deferred Compensation Arrangement with Individual, Shares Issued
        terseLabel: Deferred performance stock units, deferred restricted stock units, and directors' fees and accumulated dividend amounts representing deferred stock units outstanding
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualSharesIssued
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansStockCompensationPlansNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r151
      r476
      r480
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred federal income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Deferred Federal Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: Federal
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredForeignIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r151
      r476
      r480
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred foreign income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Deferred Foreign Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: Foreign
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredForeignIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r140
      r151
      r476
      r480
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Deferred Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        totalLabel: Deferred income tax provision
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Deferred Income Tax Expense (Benefit), Continuing Operations [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Deferred:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r40
      r41
      r468
      r602
      r619
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences.
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Gross
        totalLabel: Total deferred tax liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxesAndTaxCredits: {
     auth_ref: [
      r141
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred income tax expense (benefit) and income tax credits.
        label: Deferred Income Taxes and Tax Credits
        terseLabel: Deferred income taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxesAndTaxCredits
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r151
      r476
      r480
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred state and local tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Deferred State and Local Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: State
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsCapitalLossCarryforwards: {
     auth_ref: [
      r449
      r473
      r474
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 9.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible capital loss carryforwards.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Capital Loss Carryforwards
        terseLabel: Capital loss carryforwards
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsCapitalLossCarryforwards
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsDerivativeInstruments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r449
      r473
      r474
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from derivative instruments.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Derivative Instruments
        terseLabel: Derivative instruments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsDerivativeInstruments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r469
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Gross
        totalLabel: Gross deferred tax assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r452
      r453
      r472
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetailsCalc2: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability, of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards, with jurisdictional netting and classified as noncurrent.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Net, Noncurrent
        terseLabel: Non-current deferred tax assets, net
        verboseLabel: Deferred income taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r470
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Net of Valuation Allowance
        totalLabel: Total deferred tax assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetOfValuationAllowanceAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Net of Valuation Allowance [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Deferred tax assets:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsNetOfValuationAllowanceAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards: {
     auth_ref: [
      r447
      r473
      r474
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 8.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible operating loss carryforwards.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Operating Loss Carryforwards
        terseLabel: Net operating loss carryforwards
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther: {
     auth_ref: [
      r449
      r473
      r474
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 10.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before allocation of valuation allowance, of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences, classified as other.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Other
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsOther
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsPensions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r473
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from pension benefits.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Tax Deferred Expense, Compensation and Benefits, Pensions
        terseLabel: Pension
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsPensions
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsPostretirementBenefits: {
     auth_ref: [
      r473
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from postretirement benefits.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Tax Deferred Expense, Compensation and Benefits, Postretirement Benefits
        terseLabel: Post-retirement benefit obligations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsPostretirementBenefits
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r447
      r473
      r474
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from share-based compensation.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Tax Deferred Expense, Compensation and Benefits, Share-based Compensation Cost
        terseLabel: Stock-based compensation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsOther: {
     auth_ref: [
      r447
      r473
      r474
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before allocation of valuation allowance, of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from reserves and accruals, classified as other.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Tax Deferred Expense, Reserves and Accruals, Other
        terseLabel: Accrued expenses and other reserves
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsOther
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance: {
     auth_ref: [
      r471
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax assets for which it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Valuation Allowance
        negatedTerseLabel: Valuation allowance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r453
      r472
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetailsCalc2: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after deferred tax asset, of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences without jurisdictional netting.
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Net
        negatedTotalLabel: Net deferred tax liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Gross [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Deferred tax liabilities:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDeferredExpenseCapitalizedInventoryCosts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r448
      r473
      r474
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax consequences attributable to taxable temporary differences derived from inventory.
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Inventory
        terseLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDeferredExpenseCapitalizedInventoryCosts
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r449
      r473
      r474
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from intangible assets other than goodwill.
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Intangible Assets
        terseLabel: Acquired intangibles
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r452
      r453
      r454
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Liabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetailsCalc2: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after deferred tax asset, of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences, with jurisdictional netting and classified as noncurrent.
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Net, Noncurrent
        negatedTerseLabel: Non-current deferred tax liabilities, net
        terseLabel: Deferred income taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesOther: {
     auth_ref: [
      r449
      r473
      r474
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences classified as other.
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Other
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesOther
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r449
      r473
      r474
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property, plant, and equipment.
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Property, Plant and Equipment
        terseLabel: Property, plant and equipment, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPensionPlanLiabilitiesNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r39
      r342
      r343
      r358
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liability, recognized in statement of financial position, for defined benefit pension plan, classified as noncurrent. Excludes other postretirement benefit plan.
        label: Liability, Defined Benefit Pension Plan, Noncurrent
        terseLabel: Pension benefits liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPensionPlanLiabilitiesNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r363
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of actuarial present value of benefits attributed to employee service rendered, excluding assumptions about future compensation level.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Accumulated Benefit Obligation
        terseLabel: Defined benefit plan, accumulated benefit obligation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansPensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAfterTaxAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss, Defined Benefit Plan, after Tax [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Amounts recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), net of tax:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAfterTaxAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesAfterTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r96
      r373
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansNetOfTax
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after tax, of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for gain (loss) of defined benefit plan, that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit.
        label: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Defined Benefit Plan, Gain (Loss), after Tax
        negatedTerseLabel: Actuarial net (loss) gain
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesAfterTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditAfterTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r96
      r373
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansNetOfTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after tax, of accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss for cost (credit) of benefit change attributable to participants' prior service from plan amendment or plan initiation of defined benefit plan, that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit cost (credit).
        label: Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss, Defined Benefit Plan, Prior Service Cost (Credit), after Tax
        terseLabel: Net prior service credit (cost)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditAfterTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r353
      r396
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in plan assets of defined benefit plan from actual return (loss) determined by change in fair value of plan assets adjusted for contributions, benefit payments, and other expenses.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Plan Assets, Increase (Decrease) for Actual Return (Loss)
        terseLabel: Actual return on plan assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r348
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) from change in actuarial assumptions which (increases) decreases benefit obligation of defined benefit plan. Assumptions include, but are not limited to, interest, mortality, employee turnover, salary, and temporary deviation from substantive plan.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Benefit Obligation, Actuarial Gain (Loss)
        negatedTerseLabel: Actuarial (gain) loss
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses: {
     auth_ref: [
      r369
      r392
      r396
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfComponentsOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit of defined benefit plan.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Amortization of Gain (Loss)
        negatedTerseLabel: Amortization of net loss (gain)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfComponentsOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r370
      r393
      r396
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfComponentsOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of prior service cost (credit) recognized in net periodic benefit cost (credit) of defined benefit plan.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Amortization of Prior Service Cost (Credit)
        terseLabel: Amortization of prior service (credit) cost
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfComponentsOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r342
      r358
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of asset (liability), recognized in statement of financial position, for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Amounts for Asset (Liability) Recognized in Statement of Financial Position
        totalLabel: Total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheetAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Amounts for Asset (Liability) Recognized in Statement of Financial Position [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheetAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetGainLossBeforeTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r89
      r93
      r372
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfComponentsOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeTax
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before tax, after reclassification adjustment, of increase (decrease) in accumulated other comprehensive income from gain (loss) of defined benefit plan.
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Defined Benefit Plan, Gain (Loss), after Reclassification Adjustment, before Tax
        negatedTerseLabel: Actuarial net (gain) loss
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetGainLossBeforeTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfComponentsOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r91
      r93
      r372
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfComponentsOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before tax, after reclassification adjustment, of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income from prior service cost (credit) of defined benefit plan.
        label: Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss, Defined Benefit Plan, Prior Service Cost (Credit), after Reclassification Adjustment, before Tax
        terseLabel: Prior service (credit) cost
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfComponentsOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssetsForPlanBenefitsNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r33
      r342
      r343
      r358
      r598
      r622
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of asset, recognized in statement of financial position, for overfunded defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans.
        label: Assets for Plan Benefits, Defined Benefit Plan
        terseLabel: Other assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAssetsForPlanBenefitsNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r375
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average rate for present value of future retirement benefits cash flows, used to determine benefit obligation of defined benefit plan.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation, Discount Rate
        terseLabel: Discount rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInComputingBenefitObligationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease: {
     auth_ref: [
      r376
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average rate increase of compensation, used to determine benefit obligation of defined benefit plan. Plan includes, but is not limited to, pay-related defined benefit plan.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation, Rate of Compensation Increase
        terseLabel: Rate of increase in compensation levels
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInComputingBenefitObligationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r375
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average rate for present value of future retirement benefits cash flows, used to determine net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost, Discount Rate
        terseLabel: Discount rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInComputingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r377
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average rate of return on plan assets, reflecting average rate of earnings expected on existing plan assets and expected contributions, used to determine net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost, Expected Long-term Rate of Return on Plan Assets
        terseLabel: Expected long-term return on plan assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInComputingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateOfCompensationIncrease: {
     auth_ref: [
      r376
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average rate of compensation increase used to determine net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan. Plan includes, but is not limited to, pay-related defined benefit plan.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost, Rate of Compensation Increase
        terseLabel: Rate of compensation increase
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateOfCompensationIncrease
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInComputingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r344
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of actuarial present value of benefits attributed to service rendered by employee for defined benefit plan.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Benefit Obligation
        periodEndLabel: Projected benefit obligation at end of year
        periodStartLabel: Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligationBenefitsPaid: {
     auth_ref: [
      r350
      r398
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of payment to participant of defined benefit plan which decreases benefit obligation. For pension plan, payment includes, but is not limited to, pension benefits and death benefits. For other postretirement plan, payment includes, but is not limited to, prescription drug benefits, health care benefits, life insurance benefits, and legal, educational and advisory services.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Benefit Obligation, Benefits Paid
        terseLabel: Benefits paid
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligationBenefitsPaid
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r361
      r362
      r380
      r396
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by defined benefit plan asset investment.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Plan Assets, Category [Axis]
        terseLabel: Defined Benefit Plan, Plan Assets, Category [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsWithinFairValueHierarchyDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPlanAssetsAcrossAssetClassesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Change in Benefit Obligation [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Change in benefit obligation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Change in Fair Value of Plan Assets [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Change in plan assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer: {
     auth_ref: [
      r355
      r361
      r362
      r395
      r396
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of contribution received by defined benefit plan from employer which increases plan assets.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Plan Assets, Contributions by Employer
        terseLabel: Employer contributions
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansPensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanCurtailments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r346
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of (increase) decrease in benefit obligation of defined benefit plan from event reducing expected years of future service of present employees or eliminating accrual of benefits for some or all future services of present employees.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Benefit Obligation, (Increase) Decrease for Curtailment
        terseLabel: Curtailment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanCurtailments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansPensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfAmountsExpectedToBeAmortizedFromAociIntoNetPeriodicBenefitDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfComponentsOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsToBePaidDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsWithinFairValueHierarchyDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPlanAssetsAcrossAssetClassesDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInComputingBenefitObligationsDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInComputingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointDecreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r379
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of decrease in accumulated postretirement benefit obligation from one-percentage-point decrease in assumed health care cost trend rate.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Effect of One Percentage Point Decrease on Accumulated Postretirement Benefit Obligation
        negatedTerseLabel: Effect on post-retirement benefit obligation, one percentage point decrease
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointDecreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfEffectOfOnePercentChangeInAssumedHealthCareTrendRatesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointDecreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r379
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of decrease in service and interest cost components of net periodic postretirement benefit cost from one-percentage-point decrease in assumed health care cost trend rate.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Effect of One Percentage Point Decrease on Service and Interest Cost Components
        negatedTerseLabel: Effect on total service and interest cost components, one percentage point decrease
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointDecreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfEffectOfOnePercentChangeInAssumedHealthCareTrendRatesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r379
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in accumulated postretirement benefit obligation from one-percentage-point increase in assumed health care cost trend rate.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Effect of One Percentage Point Increase on Accumulated Postretirement Benefit Obligation
        terseLabel: Effect on post-retirement benefit obligation, one percentage point increase
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfEffectOfOnePercentChangeInAssumedHealthCareTrendRatesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents: {
     auth_ref: [
      r379
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in service and interest cost components of net periodic postretirement benefit cost from one-percentage-point increase in assumed health care cost trend rate.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Effect of One Percentage Point Increase on Service and Interest Cost Components
        terseLabel: Effect on total service and interest cost components, one percentage point increase
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfEffectOfOnePercentChangeInAssumedHealthCareTrendRatesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedAmortizationOfGainLossNextFiscalYear: {
     auth_ref: [
      r381
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for gain (loss) of defined benefit plan expected to be recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit for fiscal year following most recent annual statement of financial position.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Expected Amortization of Gain (Loss), Next Fiscal Year
        negatedTerseLabel: Amortization of net actuarial loss
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedAmortizationOfGainLossNextFiscalYear
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfAmountsExpectedToBeAmortizedFromAociIntoNetPeriodicBenefitDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCreditNextFiscalYear: {
     auth_ref: [
      r381
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount included in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss for prior service cost (credit) expected to be recognized in net periodic benefit cost (credit) for fiscal year following most recent annual statement of financial position.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Expected Amortization of Prior Service Cost (Credit), Next Fiscal Year
        terseLabel: Amortization of prior service (credit) cost
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCreditNextFiscalYear
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfAmountsExpectedToBeAmortizedFromAociIntoNetPeriodicBenefitDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter: {
     auth_ref: [
      r364
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of benefits for defined benefit plan expected to be paid in five fiscal years after fifth fiscal year following latest fiscal year.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Expected Future Benefit Payment, Five Fiscal Years Thereafter
        terseLabel: 2024-2028
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsToBePaidDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: [
      r364
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of benefits for defined benefit plan expected to be paid in next fiscal year following latest fiscal year.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Expected Future Benefit Payment, Next Twelve Months
        terseLabel: 2019
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsToBePaidDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r364
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of benefits for defined benefit plan expected to be paid in fifth fiscal year following latest fiscal year.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Expected Future Benefit Payment, Year Five
        terseLabel: 2023
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsToBePaidDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour: {
     auth_ref: [
      r364
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of benefits for defined benefit plan expected to be paid in fourth fiscal year following latest fiscal year.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Expected Future Benefit Payment, Year Four
        terseLabel: 2022
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsToBePaidDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree: {
     auth_ref: [
      r364
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of benefits for defined benefit plan expected to be paid in third fiscal year following latest fiscal year.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Expected Future Benefit Payment, Year Three
        terseLabel: 2021
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsToBePaidDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo: {
     auth_ref: [
      r364
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of benefits for defined benefit plan expected to be paid in second fiscal year following latest fiscal year.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Expected Future Benefit Payment, Year Two
        terseLabel: 2020
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsToBePaidDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r368
      r391
      r396
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfComponentsOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expected return (loss) recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit, calculated based on expected long-term rate of return and market-related value of plan assets of defined benefit plan.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Expected Return (Loss) on Plan Assets
        negatedTerseLabel: Expected return on plan assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfComponentsOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r352
      r361
      r362
      r396
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of asset segregated and restricted to provide benefit under defined benefit plan. Asset includes, but is not limited to, stock, bond, other investment, earning from investment, and contribution by employer and employee.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Plan Assets, Amount
        periodEndLabel: Fair value of plan assets at end of year
        periodStartLabel: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year
        terseLabel: Defined Benefit Plan, Plan Assets, Amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsWithinFairValueHierarchyDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangesBenefitObligation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r349
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of foreign currency translation gain (loss) which (increases) decreases benefit obligation of defined benefit plan.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Benefit Obligation, Foreign Currency Translation Gain (Loss)
        terseLabel: Currency translation and other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangesBenefitObligation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan: {
     auth_ref: [
      r342
      r358
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of funded (unfunded) status of defined benefit plan, measured as difference between fair value of plan assets and benefit obligation. Includes, but is not limited to, overfunded (underfunded) status.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Funded (Unfunded) Status of Plan
        totalLabel: Funded status at end of year
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanHealthCareCostTrendRateAssumedNextFiscalYear: {
     auth_ref: [
      r378
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Assumed rate, for next fiscal year, based on annual change in cost of health care cost benefits used to measure expected cost of benefits covered by defined benefit postretirement plan. Factors include, but are not limited to, estimate of health care inflation, change in health care utilization or delivery pattern, technological advances, and change in health status of participant. Excludes factors for change in composition of plan population by age and dependency status.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Health Care Cost Trend Rate Assumed, Next Fiscal Year
        terseLabel: Defined Benefit Plan, Health Care Cost Trend Rate Assumed, Next Fiscal Year
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanHealthCareCostTrendRateAssumedNextFiscalYear
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansPensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r347
      r367
      r390
      r396
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfComponentsOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cost recognized for passage of time related to defined benefit plan.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Interest Cost
        terseLabel: Interest cost
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfComponentsOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r365
      r388
      r396
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfComponentsOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AmountRecognizedInNetPeriodicBenefitCostAndOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of net periodic benefit cost (credit) for defined benefit plan.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit)
        totalLabel: Total net periodic benefit cost
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfComponentsOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit) [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Amounts recognized in net periodic benefit cost
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfComponentsOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateAccumulatedBenefitObligation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r384
      r385
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of accumulated benefit obligation for defined benefit plan with accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Plan with Accumulated Benefit Obligation in Excess of Plan Assets, Accumulated Benefit Obligation
        terseLabel: Accumulated benefit obligation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateAccumulatedBenefitObligation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateFairValueOfPlanAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r384
      r385
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of plan asset for defined benefit plan with accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Plan with Accumulated Benefit Obligation in Excess of Plan Assets, Plan Assets
        terseLabel: Fair value of plan assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateFairValueOfPlanAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateProjectedBenefitObligation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r384
      r396
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of projected benefit obligation for defined benefit pension plan with accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Pension Plan with Accumulated Benefit Obligation in Excess of Plan Assets, Projected Benefit Obligation
        terseLabel: Projected benefit obligation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateProjectedBenefitObligation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAmendments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r351
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in benefit obligation of defined benefit plan from change in terms of existing plan or initiation of new plan.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Benefit Obligation, Increase (Decrease) for Plan Amendment
        terseLabel: Plan amendments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAmendments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsBenefitsPaid: {
     auth_ref: [
      r356
      r398
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of payment to participant under defined benefit plan which decreases plan assets. For pension plan, payment includes, but is not limited to, pension benefits and death benefits. For other postretirement plan, payment includes, but is not limited to, prescription drug benefits, health care benefits, life insurance benefits, and legal, educational and advisory services.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Plan Assets, Benefits Paid
        terseLabel: Benefits paid
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsBenefitsPaid
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r354
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of foreign currency translation gain (loss) which increases (decreases) plan assets of defined benefit plan.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Plan Assets, Foreign Currency Translation Gain (Loss)
        terseLabel: Currency translation and other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage: {
     auth_ref: [
      r360
      r396
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of target investment allocation to total plan assets. Includes, but is not limited to, percentage on weighted-average basis if more than one plan.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Plan Assets, Target Allocation, Percentage
        terseLabel: Defined Benefit Plan, Plan Assets, Target Allocation, Percentage
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPlanAssetsAcrossAssetClassesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToCurtailments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r371
      r394
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfComponentsOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit from event reducing expected years of future service of present employees or eliminating accrual of defined benefits for some or all future services of present employees.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit), Gain (Loss) Due to Curtailment
        negatedTerseLabel: Curtailment credit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToCurtailments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfComponentsOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToSettlements1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r371
      r394
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfComponentsOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit from irrevocable action relieving primary responsibility for benefit obligation and eliminating risk related to obligation and assets used to effect settlement.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit), Gain (Loss) Due to Settlement
        negatedTerseLabel: Settlement loss
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToSettlements1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfComponentsOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r345
      r366
      r389
      r396
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfComponentsOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cost for actuarial present value of benefits attributed to service rendered by employee for defined benefit plan.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Service Cost
        terseLabel: Service cost
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfComponentsOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsBenefitObligation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r346
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of (increase) decrease to benefit obligation of defined benefit plan from irrevocable action relieving primary responsibility for benefit obligation and eliminating risk for obligation and assets used to effect settlement. Includes, but is not limited to, lump-sum cash payment to participant in exchange for right to receive specified benefits, purchase of nonparticipating annuity contract and change from remeasurement.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Benefit Obligation, (Increase) Decrease for Settlement
        negatedLabel: Settlement
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsBenefitObligation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsPlanAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r357
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of payment, which decreases plan assets of defined benefit plan, for irrevocable action relieving primary responsibility for benefit obligation and eliminating risk for obligation and assets used to effect settlement. Transaction constituting settlement includes, but is not limited to, making lump-sum cash payment to participant in exchange for their rights to receive specified benefits and purchasing nonparticipating annuity contract.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Plan Assets, Payment for Settlement
        negatedTerseLabel: Settlement
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsPlanAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanUltimateHealthCareCostTrendRate1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r378
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Ultimate trend rate for health care cost for defined benefit postretirement plan.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Ultimate Health Care Cost Trend Rate
        terseLabel: Defined benefit plan, ultimate health care cost trend rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanUltimateHealthCareCostTrendRate1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansPensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r399
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cost for defined contribution plan.
        label: Defined Contribution Plan, Cost
        terseLabel: Defined contribution pan, cost recognized
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansPensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_Depreciation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r140
      r279
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of expense recognized in the current period that reflects the allocation of the cost of tangible assets over the assets' useful lives. Includes production and non-production related depreciation.
        label: Depreciation
        terseLabel: Depreciation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Depreciation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization: {
     auth_ref: [
      r140
      r214
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets, intangible assets, or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
        label: Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization
        terseLabel: Depreciation and amortization
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfDepreciationAndAmortizationExpenseIncludedWithinSegmentIncomeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativeAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r83
      r84
      r566
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair value, after the effects of master netting arrangements, of a financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings, notional amount or payment provision or both, and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.
        label: Derivative Asset
        terseLabel: Derivative asset
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsScheduleOfClassificationOfDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesWithinConsolidatedBalanceSheetsDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsScheduleOfAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredAtFairValueDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativeContractTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Financial instrument or contract with one or more underlyings, notional amount or payment provision or both, and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset.
        label: Derivative Contract [Domain]
        terseLabel: Derivative Contract [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeContractTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsDerivativeInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsScheduleOfClassificationOfDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesWithinConsolidatedBalanceSheetsDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsScheduleOfEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsOnConsolidatedStatementsOfIncomeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsScheduleOfAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredAtFairValueDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationScheduleOfUnallocatedMarkToMarketGainsLossesOnCommodityDerivativesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r534
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in the fair value of derivatives recognized in the income statement.
        label: Derivative, Gain (Loss) on Derivative, Net
        negatedTerseLabel: Derivative, Gain (Loss) on Derivative, Net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfNetSalesAndEarningsBySegmentDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationScheduleOfUnallocatedMarkToMarketGainsLossesOnCommodityDerivativesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r533
      r535
      r540
      r546
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of derivative contract.
        label: Derivative Instrument [Axis]
        terseLabel: Derivative Instrument [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsDerivativeInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsScheduleOfClassificationOfDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesWithinConsolidatedBalanceSheetsDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsScheduleOfEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsOnConsolidatedStatementsOfIncomeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsScheduleOfAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredAtFairValueDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationScheduleOfUnallocatedMarkToMarketGainsLossesOnCommodityDerivativesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r529
      r533
      r540
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of hedging relationship.
        label: Hedging Relationship [Axis]
        terseLabel: Hedging Relationship [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsDerivativeInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsScheduleOfClassificationOfDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesWithinConsolidatedBalanceSheetsDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsScheduleOfEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsOnConsolidatedStatementsOfIncomeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r538
      r545
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The effective portion of net gain (loss) reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income into income on derivative instruments designated and qualifying as hedging instruments.
        label: Derivative Instruments, Gain (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income, Effective Portion, Net
        terseLabel: Gains (losses) reclassified from accumulated OCI into income (effective portion)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsScheduleOfEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsOnConsolidatedStatementsOfIncomeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsGainLossNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r539
      r541
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of realized and unrealized gain (loss) of derivative instruments not designated or qualifying as hedging instruments.
        label: Derivative Instruments Not Designated as Hedging Instruments, Gain (Loss), Net
        terseLabel: Derivative Instruments Not Designated as Hedging Instruments, Gain (Loss), Net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsGainLossNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsScheduleOfEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsOnConsolidatedStatementsOfIncomeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r83
      r84
      r566
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair value, after the effects of master netting arrangements, of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings, notional amount or payment provision or both, and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.
        label: Derivative Liability
        terseLabel: Derivative liability
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeLiabilities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsScheduleOfClassificationOfDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesWithinConsolidatedBalanceSheetsDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsScheduleOfAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredAtFairValueDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Derivative [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Derivative [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsDerivativeInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsScheduleOfEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsOnConsolidatedStatementsOfIncomeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsFairValueMeasurementsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativeTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r158
      r524
      r525
      r526
      r529
      r531
      r536
      r540
      r548
      r550
      r552
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule that describes and identifies a derivative or group of derivatives on a disaggregated basis, such as for individual instruments, or small groups of similar instruments. May include a combination of the type of instrument, risks being hedged, notional amount, hedge designation, related hedged item, inception date, maturity date, or other relevant item.
        label: Derivative [Table]
        terseLabel: Derivative [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsDerivativeInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsScheduleOfEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsOnConsolidatedStatementsOfIncomeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsFairValueMeasurementsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativeTermOfContract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Period the derivative contract is outstanding, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Derivative, Term of Contract
        terseLabel: Derivative, term of contract
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeTermOfContract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsDerivativeInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativesAndFairValueTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r556
      r565
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for derivatives and fair value of assets and liabilities.
        label: Derivatives and Fair Value [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Derivative Instruments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativesAndFairValueTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstruments
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Derivatives, Fair Value [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Derivatives, Fair Value [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativesFairValueLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsScheduleOfClassificationOfDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesWithinConsolidatedBalanceSheetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativesPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r149
      r159
      r524
      r525
      r529
      r531
      r549
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for its derivative instruments and hedging activities.
        label: Derivatives, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Derivative Instruments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativesPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r529
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Derivative instrument designated as hedging instrument under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP).
        label: Designated as Hedging Instrument [Member]
        terseLabel: Designated as Hedging Instrument
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsDerivativeInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsScheduleOfClassificationOfDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesWithinConsolidatedBalanceSheetsDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsScheduleOfEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsOnConsolidatedStatementsOfIncomeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r332
      r442
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for compensation-related costs for equity-based compensation, which may include disclosure of policies, compensation plan details, allocation of equity compensation, incentive distributions, equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services, deferred compensation arrangements, employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.
        label: Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs, Share-based Payments [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Stock Compensation Plans
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlans
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs, Share-based Payments [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisclosureOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r404
      r436
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of components of a stock option or other award plan under which equity-based compensation is awarded to employees, typically comprised of the amount of unearned compensation (deferred compensation cost), compensation expense, and changes in the quantity and fair value of the shares (or other type of equity) granted, exercised, forfeited, and issued and outstanding pertaining to that plan.  Disclosure may also include nature and general terms of such arrangements that existed during the period and potential effects of those arrangements on shareholders, effect of compensation cost arising from equity-based payment arrangements on the income statement, method of estimating the fair value of the goods or services received, or the fair value of the equity instruments granted, during the period, cash flow effects resulting from equity-based payment arrangements and, for registrants that accelerate vesting of out of the money share options, reasons for the decision to accelerate.
        label: Disclosure of Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Activity Relating to Grants of PSUs and RSUs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisclosureOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationsAndDisposalGroupsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Discontinued Operations and Disposal Groups [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DiscontinuedOperationsAndDisposalGroupsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r11
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by disposal group classification.
        label: Disposal Group Classification [Axis]
        terseLabel: Disposal Group Classification [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupClassificationAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleTables
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsTables
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupClassificationDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Component or group of components disposed of, including but not limited to, disposal group held-for-sale or disposed of by sale, disposed of by means other than sale, and discontinued operations.
        label: Disposal Group Classification [Domain]
        terseLabel: Disposal Group Classification [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupClassificationDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleTables
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsTables
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r0
      r1
      r9
      r285
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount classified as accounts payable and accrued liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of.
        label: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities
        terseLabel: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOtherAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r0
      r1
      r9
      r285
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount classified as other assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of.
        label: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Other Assets
        terseLabel: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Other Assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOtherAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r0
      r1
      r9
      r285
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount classified as property, plant and equipment attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of.
        label: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Property, Plant and Equipment
        terseLabel: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Property, Plant and Equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationPropertyPlantAndEquipment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r15
      r289
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure related to a disposal group. Includes, but is not limited to, a discontinued operation, disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.
        label: Disposal Groups, Including Discontinued Operations, Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleNotes
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of disposal group.
        label: Disposal Group Name [Domain]
        terseLabel: Disposal Group Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleTables
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsTables
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesScheduleOfBusinessRealignmentActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DistributedEarnings: {
     auth_ref: [
      r174
      r175
      r179
      r180
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_ParticipatingSecuritiesDistributedAndUndistributedEarningsLossDiluted
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The total amount of dividends declared in the period for each class of stock and the contractual amount of dividends (or interest on participating income bonds) that must be paid for the period (for example, unpaid cumulative dividends). Dividends declared in the current period do not include dividends declared in respect of prior-period unpaid cumulative dividends. Preferred dividends that are cumulative only if earned are deducted only to the extent that they are earned.
        label: Distributed Earnings
        terseLabel: Reallocation of total earnings as a result of conversion of Class B common stock to Common stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DistributedEarnings
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_Dividends: {
     auth_ref: [
      r329
      r616
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_ParticipatingSecuritiesDistributedAndUndistributedEarningsLossBasic
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of paid and unpaid cash, stock, and paid-in-kind (PIK) dividends declared, for example, but not limited to, common and preferred stock.
        label: Dividends
        terseLabel: Allocation of distributed earnings (cash dividends paid)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Dividends
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Dividends, Common Stock [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Dividends paid per share:
        verboseLabel: Dividends (including dividend equivalents):
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DividendsCommonStockAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash: {
     auth_ref: [
      r329
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of paid and unpaid common stock dividends declared with the form of settlement in cash.
        label: Dividends, Common Stock, Cash
        negatedTerseLabel: Common Stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DividendsCommonStockCash
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DomesticCorporateDebtSecuritiesMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r236
      r361
      r396
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Debt security issued by corporation domiciled in United States of America (US).
        label: Debt Security, Corporate, US [Member]
        terseLabel: Corporate Debt Securities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DomesticCorporateDebtSecuritiesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtLongTermDebtInterestRatesDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtLongTermDebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfLongTermDebtInstrumentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DomesticPlanMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r383
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Location of employer sponsoring plan, designed to provide retirement benefits, determined as principal place of business. Includes, but is not limited to, defined benefit and defined contribution plans.
        label: Domestic Plan [Member]
        terseLabel: Domestic Plans
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DomesticPlanMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPlanAssetsAcrossAssetClassesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Earnings Per Share [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113
      r166
      r171
      r178
      r181
      r182
      r185
      r612
      r634
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of net income (loss) for the period per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period.
        label: Earnings Per Share, Basic
        terseLabel: Net income per share - basic (USD per share)
        verboseLabel: Earnings Per Share\u2014basic (USD per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareBasic
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Earnings Per Share, Basic [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Net income per share\u2014basic:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Earnings Per Share, Basic, by Common Class, Including Two Class Method [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Earnings Per Share, Basic, by Common Class, Including Two Class Method [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareBasicLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicTwoClassMethodAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Earnings Per Share, Basic, Two Class Method [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Basic earnings per share:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareBasicTwoClassMethodAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113
      r166
      r171
      r178
      r181
      r182
      r185
      r612
      r634
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of net income (loss) for the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period.
        label: Earnings Per Share, Diluted
        terseLabel: Net income per share - diluted (USD per share)
        verboseLabel: Earnings Per Share\u2014diluted (USD per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareDiluted
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Earnings Per Share, Diluted [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Net income per share\u2014diluted:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedTwoClassMethodAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Earnings Per Share, Diluted, Two Class Method [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Diluted earnings per share:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareDilutedTwoClassMethodAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r186
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for earnings per share.
        label: Earnings Per Share [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Earnings Per Share
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EarningsPerShare
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents: {
     auth_ref: [
      r574
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) from the effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalent balances held in foreign currencies.
        label: Effect of Exchange Rate on Cash and Cash Equivalents
        terseLabel: Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r156
      r455
      r456
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Percent
        totalLabel: Effective income tax rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r455
      r456
      r479
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of domestic federal statutory tax rate applicable to pretax income (loss).
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate, Percent
        terseLabel: Federal statutory income tax rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r455
      r456
      r479
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to deduction for qualified production activity.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Deduction, Qualified Production Activity, Percent
        negatedTerseLabel: Qualified production income deduction
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential: {
     auth_ref: [
      r455
      r456
      r479
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to statutory income tax expense (benefit) outside of the country of domicile.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Foreign Income Tax Rate Differential, Percent
        terseLabel: Foreign rate differences
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseRestructuringCharges: {
     auth_ref: [
      r455
      r456
      r479
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to restructuring charges.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Nondeductible Expense, Restructuring Charges, Percent
        terseLabel: Business realignment and impairment charges
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseRestructuringCharges
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherReconcilingItemsPercent: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 8.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference, between reported income tax expense (benefit) and the expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations, that is attributable to tax exempt income, equity in earnings (loss) of an unconsolidated subsidiary, minority interest income (expense), tax holiday, disposition of a business, disposition of an asset, repatriation of foreign earnings, repatriation of foreign earnings jobs creation act of 2004, change in enacted tax rate, prior year income taxes, change in deferred tax asset valuation allowance, and other adjustments.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation,Other Reconciling Items, Percent
        terseLabel: Other, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherReconcilingItemsPercent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes: {
     auth_ref: [
      r455
      r456
      r479
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit), net of federal tax expense (benefit).
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, State and Local Income Taxes, Percent
        terseLabel: State income taxes, net of Federal income tax benefits
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxContingencies: {
     auth_ref: [
      r455
      r456
      r479
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 9.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to income tax contingencies. Includes, but not limited to, domestic tax contingency, foreign tax contingency, state and local tax contingency, and other contingencies.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Tax Contingency, Percent
        terseLabel: Tax contingencies
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxContingencies
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCredits: {
     auth_ref: [
      r455
      r456
      r479
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to tax credits. Including, but not limited to, research credit, foreign tax credit, investment tax credit, and other tax credits.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Tax Credit, Percent
        negatedTerseLabel: Historic and solar tax credits
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCredits
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxSettlementsDomestic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r455
      r456
      r479
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to domestic income tax settlement.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Tax Settlement, Domestic, Percent
        terseLabel: U.S. tax reform
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxSettlementsDomestic
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r68
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for obligations related to services received from employees, such as accrued salaries and bonuses, payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: Employee-related Liabilities, Current
        terseLabel: Payroll, compensation and benefits
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r434
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Unrecognized cost of unvested share-based compensation awards.
        label: Employee Service Share-based Compensation, Nonvested Awards, Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized
        terseLabel: Employee service share-based compensation, nonvested awards, compensation cost not yet recognized
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansStockCompensationPlansNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r434
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average period over which unrecognized compensation is expected to be recognized for equity-based compensation plans, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Employee Service Share-based Compensation, Nonvested Awards, Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized, Period for Recognition
        terseLabel: Employee service share-based compensation, nonvested awards, compensation cost not yet recognized, period for recognition
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansStockCompensationPlansNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedStockOptions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r434
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Unrecognized cost of unvested options awarded to employees as compensation.
        label: Employee Service Share-based Compensation, Nonvested Awards, Compensation Not yet Recognized, Stock Options
        terseLabel: Employee service share-based compensation, nonvested awards, compensation not yet recognized, stock options
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedStockOptions
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansStockCompensationPlansNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r433
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The total recognized tax benefit related to compensation cost for equity-based payment arrangements recognized in income during the period.
        label: Employee Service Share-based Compensation, Tax Benefit from Compensation Expense
        terseLabel: Related income tax benefit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfCompensationExpenseAndIncomeTaxBenefitsForStockBasedCompensationProgramsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeSeveranceMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Termination of an employee associated with exit from or disposal of business activities or restructurings pursuant to a plan.
        label: Employee Severance [Member]
        terseLabel: Severance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeSeveranceMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesBusinessRealignmentActivitiesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesScheduleOfBusinessRealignmentActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: An arrangement whereby an employee is entitled to receive in the future, subject to vesting and other restrictions, a number of shares in the entity at a specified price, as defined in the agreement. Although there are variations, normally, after vesting, when an option is exercised, the employee-holder pays the strike value in cash to the issuing employer-entity and receives equity shares. The equity shares can be sold into the market for cash at the current market price without restriction. Options may be used to attract, retain and incentivize employees, in addition to their regular salary and other benefits.
        label: Employee Stock Option [Member]
        terseLabel: Employee stock options
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeStockOptionMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EarningsPerShareEarningsPerShareNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestScheduleOfChangesInOutstandingSharesOfCommmonStockDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansStockCompensationPlansNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EntityWideRevenueMajorCustomerLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Revenue, Major Customer [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Revenue, Major Customer [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityWideRevenueMajorCustomerLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAccountsReceivableTradeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Equity [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquityAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EquityComponentDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r322
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Components of equity are the parts of the total Equity balance including that which is allocated to common, preferred, treasury stock, retained earnings, etc.
        label: Equity Component [Domain]
        terseLabel: Equity Component [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquityComponentDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestEquityAndNoncontrollingInterestNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestScheduleOfActivityRelatingToNoncontrollingInterestDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesRecentAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOtherThanTemporaryImpairment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r238
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/OtherIncomeExpenseNetScheduleOfOtherIncomeAndExpenseNetDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This item represents an other than temporary decline in value that has been recognized against an investment accounted for under the equity method of accounting. The excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the investment represents the amount of the write down which is or was reflected in earnings. The written down value is a new cost basis with the adjusted value of the investment becoming its new carrying value subject to the equity accounting method. Evidence of a loss in value might include, but would not necessarily be limited to, absence of an ability to recover the carrying amount of the investment or inability of the investee to sustain an earnings capacity which would justify the carrying amount of the investment.
        label: Equity Method Investment, Other than Temporary Impairment
        terseLabel: Write-down of equity investments in partnerships qualifying for tax credits
        verboseLabel: Write-down of equity investments in partnerships qualifying for historic tax credits
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquityMethodInvestmentOtherThanTemporaryImpairment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/OtherIncomeExpenseNetScheduleOfOtherIncomeAndExpenseNetDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EquitySecuritiesMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r30
      r36
      r237
      r607
      r621
      r639
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Ownership interest or right to acquire or dispose of ownership interest in corporations and other legal entities for which ownership interest is represented by shares of common or preferred stock, convertible securities, stock rights, or stock warrants.
        label: Equity Securities [Member]
        terseLabel: Equity securities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquitySecuritiesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPlanAssetsAcrossAssetClassesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EquitySwapMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r614
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Contracts in which the counterparties exchange a series of cash payments based on (a) an equity index and (b) a fixed or floating interest rate on a notional principal amount. Equity swap contracts typically are tied to a stock index, but sometimes they relate to a particular stock or a defined basket of stocks.
        label: Equity Swap [Member]
        terseLabel: Deferred compensation derivatives
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquitySwapMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsDerivativeInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsScheduleOfClassificationOfDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesWithinConsolidatedBalanceSheetsDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsScheduleOfEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsOnConsolidatedStatementsOfIncomeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsScheduleOfAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredAtFairValueDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r317
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information pertaining to the debt extinguished including the amount of gain (loss), the income tax effect on the gain (loss), and the amount of gain (loss), net or the related income tax, by debt instrument.
        label: Extinguishment of Debt [Axis]
        terseLabel: Extinguishment of Debt [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ExtinguishmentOfDebtAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtLongTermDebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r317
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Type of debt extinguished.
        label: Extinguishment of Debt, Type [Domain]
        terseLabel: Extinguishment of Debt, Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ExtinguishmentOfDebtTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtLongTermDebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FIFOInventoryAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r28
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_InventoryNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of FIFO (first in first out) inventory present at the reporting date when inventory is also valued using different valuation methods.
        label: FIFO Inventory Amount
        totalLabel: Inventories at FIFO
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FIFOInventoryAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FacilityClosingMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Closing of a facility associated with exit from or disposal of business activities or restructurings pursuant to a plan.
        label: Facility Closing [Member]
        terseLabel: Facility Closing
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FacilityClosingMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesBusinessRealignmentActivitiesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesScheduleOfBusinessRealignmentActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsScheduleOfFairValuesAndCarryingValuesOfLongTermDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r557
      r558
      r559
      r560
      r563
      r564
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about financial instruments measured at fair value, including those classified in shareholders' equity measured on a recurring or nonrecurring basis. Disclosures include, but are not limited to, fair value measurements recorded and the reasons for the measurements, level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements are categorized and transfers between levels 1 and 2. Nonrecurring fair value measurements are those that are required or permitted in the statement of financial position in particular circumstances.
        label: Fair Value Measurements, Recurring and Nonrecurring [Table]
        terseLabel: Fair Value Measurements, Recurring and Nonrecurring [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsScheduleOfFairValuesAndCarryingValuesOfLongTermDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnNonrecurringBasisTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r557
      r558
      r559
      r561
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of assets and liabilities by class, including financial instruments measured at fair value that are classified in shareholders' equity, if any, that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in periods after initial recognition (for example, impaired assets). Disclosures may include, but are not limited to: (a) the fair value measurements recorded and the reasons for the measurements and (b) the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements are categorized in their entirety (levels 1, 2, 3).
        label: Fair Value Measurements, Nonrecurring [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnNonrecurringBasisTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsFairValueMeasurementsTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Fair Value, Balance Sheet Grouping, Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Fair Value, Balance Sheet Grouping, Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsScheduleOfAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredAtFairValueDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueByBalanceSheetGroupingTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r558
      r567
      r568
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about the fair value of financial instruments, including financial assets and financial liabilities, and the measurements of those instruments, assets, and liabilities.
        label: Fair Value, by Balance Sheet Grouping [Table]
        terseLabel: Fair Value, by Balance Sheet Grouping [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueByBalanceSheetGroupingTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsScheduleOfAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredAtFairValueDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r361
      r362
      r396
      r559
      r592
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by level within fair value hierarchy and fair value measured at net asset value per share as practical expedient.
        label: Fair Value Hierarchy and NAV [Axis]
        terseLabel: Fair Value Hierarchy and NAV [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsFairValueMeasurementsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsScheduleOfAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredAtFairValueDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsScheduleOfFairValuesAndCarryingValuesOfLongTermDebtDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsWithinFairValueHierarchyDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r557
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by measurement frequency.
        label: Measurement Frequency [Axis]
        terseLabel: Measurement Frequency [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsScheduleOfAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredAtFairValueDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsWithinFairValueHierarchyDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Fair Value Disclosures [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueDisclosuresAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueHedgingMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r527
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A hedge of the exposure to changes in the fair value of a recognized asset or liability, or of an unrecognized firm commitment, that are attributable to a particular risk.
        label: Fair Value Hedging [Member]
        terseLabel: Fair Value Hedging
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueHedgingMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsDerivativeInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsScheduleOfClassificationOfDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesWithinConsolidatedBalanceSheetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member: {
     auth_ref: [
      r361
      r362
      r396
      r559
      r593
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity can access at the measurement date.
        label: Fair Value, Inputs, Level 1 [Member]
        terseLabel: Quoted prices in active markets of identical assets (Level 1)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueInputsLevel1Member
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsScheduleOfAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredAtFairValueDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsWithinFairValueHierarchyDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member: {
     auth_ref: [
      r361
      r362
      r396
      r559
      r594
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for an asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, including, but not limited to, quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, or quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets.
        label: Fair Value, Inputs, Level 2 [Member]
        terseLabel: Significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueInputsLevel2Member
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsScheduleOfAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredAtFairValueDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsScheduleOfFairValuesAndCarryingValuesOfLongTermDebtDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsWithinFairValueHierarchyDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member: {
     auth_ref: [
      r361
      r362
      r396
      r559
      r595
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Unobservable inputs that reflect the entity's own assumption about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing.
        label: Fair Value, Inputs, Level 3 [Member]
        terseLabel: Significant other unobservable inputs (Level 3)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueInputsLevel3Member
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsFairValueMeasurementsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsScheduleOfAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredAtFairValueDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsWithinFairValueHierarchyDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementFrequencyDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r557
      r562
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Provides the general categories used to describe the frequency with which financial assets and liabilities (as defined) are measured at fair value (on a recurring or nonrecurring basis).
        label: Fair Value, Measurement Frequency [Domain]
        terseLabel: Fair Value, Measurement Frequency [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueMeasurementFrequencyDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsScheduleOfAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredAtFairValueDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsWithinFairValueHierarchyDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementInputsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r565
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure of the fair value measurement of assets and liabilities, which includes financial instruments measured at fair value that are classified in shareholders' equity, which may be measured on a recurring or nonrecurring basis.
        label: Fair Value Measurement and Measurement Inputs, Recurring and Nonrecurring [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Fair Value Measurements
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueMeasurementInputsDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsFairValueMeasurements
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsFairValueHierarchyDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Categories used to prioritize the inputs to valuation techniques to measure fair value.
        label: Fair Value Hierarchy and NAV [Domain]
        terseLabel: Fair Value Hierarchy and NAV [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueMeasurementsFairValueHierarchyDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsFairValueMeasurementsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsScheduleOfAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredAtFairValueDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsScheduleOfFairValuesAndCarryingValuesOfLongTermDebtDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsWithinFairValueHierarchyDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r557
      r562
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This item represents a description of the frequency with which certain items are measured at fair value. Items measured at fair value on a recurring basis generally include those items for which measurement inputs are readily available and which are measured at fair value at successive reporting periods.
        label: Fair Value, Measurements, Recurring [Member]
        terseLabel: Fair Value, Measurements, Recurring
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsScheduleOfAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredAtFairValueDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsWithinFairValueHierarchyDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueNetAssetLiability: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair value of asset after deduction of liability.
        label: Fair Value, Net Asset (Liability)
        terseLabel: Fair Value, Net Asset (Liability)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueNetAssetLiability
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsFairValueMeasurementsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValuesDerivativesBalanceSheetLocationByDerivativeContractTypeByHedgingDesignationTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r532
      r536
      r551
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule that discloses the location and fair value amounts of derivative instruments (and nonderivative instruments that are designated and qualify as hedging instruments) reported in the statement of financial position.
        label: Fair Values Derivatives, Balance Sheet Location, by Derivative Contract Type [Table]
        terseLabel: Fair Values Derivatives, Balance Sheet Location, by Derivative Contract Type [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValuesDerivativesBalanceSheetLocationByDerivativeContractTypeByHedgingDesignationTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsScheduleOfClassificationOfDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesWithinConsolidatedBalanceSheetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedCustomerRelationshipsGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r268
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Gross carrying amount before accumulated amortization as of the balance sheet date to an asset acquired in a business combination representing a favorable existing relationship with customers having a finite beneficial life.
        label: Finite-Lived Customer Relationships, Gross
        terseLabel: Finite-Lived Customer Relationships, Gross
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedCustomerRelationshipsGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Useful Life
        terseLabel: Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Useful Life
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsRippleBrandCollectiveLlcNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization: {
     auth_ref: [
      r268
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated amount of amortization of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Accumulated Amortization
        negatedTerseLabel: Finite-lived intangible assets, accumulated amortization
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfGrossCarryingAmountAndAccumulatedAmortizationForEachMajorClassOfIntangibleAssetDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: [
      r270
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Amortization Expense, Next Twelve Months
        terseLabel: 2019
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfAmortizationExpenseForNextFiveYearsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r270
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Amortization Expense, Year Five
        terseLabel: 2023
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfAmortizationExpenseForNextFiveYearsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour: {
     auth_ref: [
      r270
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Amortization Expense, Year Four
        terseLabel: 2022
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfAmortizationExpenseForNextFiveYearsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree: {
     auth_ref: [
      r270
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Amortization Expense, Year Three
        terseLabel: 2021
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfAmortizationExpenseForNextFiveYearsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo: {
     auth_ref: [
      r270
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Amortization Expense, Year Two
        terseLabel: 2020
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfAmortizationExpenseForNextFiveYearsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r262
      r264
      r268
      r272
      r596
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by major type or class of finite-lived intangible assets.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets by Major Class [Axis]
        terseLabel: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets by Major Class [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsRippleBrandCollectiveLlcAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsRippleBrandCollectiveLlcNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfGrossCarryingAmountAndAccumulatedAmortizationForEachMajorClassOfIntangibleAssetDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/OtherIncomeExpenseNetScheduleOfOtherIncomeAndExpenseNetDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r268
      r596
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before amortization of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Gross
        terseLabel: Finite-lived intangible assets, gross
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfGrossCarryingAmountAndAccumulatedAmortizationForEachMajorClassOfIntangibleAssetDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfGrossCarryingAmountAndAccumulatedAmortizationForEachMajorClassOfIntangibleAssetDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsMajorClassNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r262
      r267
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The major class of finite-lived intangible asset (for example, patents, trademarks, copyrights, etc.) A major class is composed of intangible assets that can be grouped together because they are similar, either by their nature or by their use in the operations of a company.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Major Class Name [Domain]
        terseLabel: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Major Class Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsMajorClassNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsRippleBrandCollectiveLlcAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsRippleBrandCollectiveLlcNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfGrossCarryingAmountAndAccumulatedAmortizationForEachMajorClassOfIntangibleAssetDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/OtherIncomeExpenseNetScheduleOfOtherIncomeAndExpenseNetDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedTrademarksGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r268
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Gross carrying amount before accumulated amortization as of the balance sheet date for the rights acquired through registration of a trademark to gain or protect exclusive use of a business name, symbol or other device or style for a specified period of time.
        label: Finite-Lived Trademarks, Gross
        terseLabel: Finite-Lived Trademarks, Gross
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedTrademarksGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r149
      r573
      r580
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for (1) transactions denominated in a currency other than the reporting enterprise's functional currency, (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation, combination, or the equity method of accounting, and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.
        label: Foreign Currency Transactions and Translations Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Currency Translation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ForeignExchangeContractMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r361
      r543
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Derivative instrument whose primary underlying risk is tied to foreign exchange rates.
        label: Foreign Exchange Contract [Member]
        terseLabel: Foreign exchange contracts
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ForeignExchangeContractMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsDerivativeInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsScheduleOfClassificationOfDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesWithinConsolidatedBalanceSheetsDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsScheduleOfEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsOnConsolidatedStatementsOfIncomeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsScheduleOfAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredAtFairValueDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ForeignGovernmentDebtSecuritiesMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r361
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Debt security issued by government not domiciled in United States of America (US).
        label: Debt Security, Government, Non-US [Member]
        terseLabel: International government/corporate bonds
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ForeignGovernmentDebtSecuritiesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsWithinFairValueHierarchyDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ForeignLineOfCreditMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Contractual arrangement with a lender under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time, and under which borrowings outstanding may be either short-term or long-term, depending upon the particulars, outside the reporting entity's home country.
        label: Foreign Line of Credit [Member]
        terseLabel: Foreign Line of Credit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ForeignLineOfCreditMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtShortTermDebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfIntangibleAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r140
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of intangible assets.
        label: Gain (Loss) on Disposition of Intangible Assets
        negatedTerseLabel: Gain (loss) on disposition of intangible assets
        terseLabel: Gain (loss) on disposition of intangible assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GainLossOnDispositionOfIntangibleAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfNetSalesAndEarningsBySegmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r140
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property, plant and equipment assets, including oil and gas property and timber property.
        label: Gain (Loss) on Disposition of Property Plant Equipment
        terseLabel: Gain (loss) on disposition of property plant equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GeographicConcentrationRiskMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r199
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reflects the percentage that a specified dollar value on the balance sheet or income statement in the period from one or more specified geographic areas is to a corresponding consolidated, segment, or product line amount. Risk is the materially adverse effects of economic decline or antagonistic political actions resulting in loss of assets, sales volume, labor supply, or source of materials and supplies in a US state or a specified country, continent, or region such as EMEA (Europe, Middle East, Africa).
        label: Geographic Concentration Risk [Member]
        terseLabel: Geographic Concentration Risk
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GeographicConcentrationRiskMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesBusinessRealignmentActivitiesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_Goodwill: {
     auth_ref: [
      r247
      r249
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfChangesInCarryingValueOfGoodwillByReportableSegmentDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after accumulated impairment loss of an asset representing future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized.
        label: Goodwill
        periodEndLabel: Goodwill, ending balance
        terseLabel: Goodwill
        totalLabel: Goodwill, beginning balance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Goodwill
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsRippleBrandCollectiveLlcAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfChangesInCarryingValueOfGoodwillByReportableSegmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r251
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in asset representing future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized resulting from a business combination.
        label: Goodwill, Acquired During Period
        terseLabel: Acquired during the period (see Note 2)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfChangesInCarryingValueOfGoodwillByReportableSegmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetImpairment: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total loss recognized during the period from the impairment of goodwill plus the loss recognized in the period resulting from the impairment of the carrying amount of intangible assets, other than goodwill.
        label: Goodwill and Intangible Asset Impairment
        terseLabel: Goodwill and long-lived asset impairment charges
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetImpairment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfNetSalesAndEarningsBySegmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r276
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for goodwill and intangible assets.
        label: Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Goodwill and Intangible Assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssets
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r149
      r257
      r265
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for goodwill and intangible assets. This accounting policy also may address how an entity assesses and measures impairment of goodwill and intangible assets.
        label: Goodwill and Intangible Assets, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GoodwillForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r254
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of foreign currency translation gain (loss) which increases (decreases) an asset representing future economic benefits from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized.
        label: Goodwill, Foreign Currency Translation Gain (Loss)
        terseLabel: Foreign Currency Translation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GoodwillForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfChangesInCarryingValueOfGoodwillByReportableSegmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GoodwillGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r250
      r256
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfChangesInCarryingValueOfGoodwillByReportableSegmentDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Goodwill
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accumulated impairment loss of an asset representing future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized.
        label: Goodwill, Gross
        terseLabel: Goodwill, gross
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GoodwillGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfChangesInCarryingValueOfGoodwillByReportableSegmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r250
      r256
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfChangesInCarryingValueOfGoodwillByReportableSegmentDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Goodwill
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of accumulated impairment loss for an asset representing future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized.
        label: Goodwill, Impaired, Accumulated Impairment Loss
        negatedTerseLabel: Accumulated impairment loss
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfChangesInCarryingValueOfGoodwillByReportableSegmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r140
      r248
      r253
      r258
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of loss from the write-down of an asset representing the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized.
        label: Goodwill, Impairment Loss
        terseLabel: Goodwill, Impairment Loss
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GoodwillImpairmentLoss
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Goodwill [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Goodwill [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GoodwillLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfChangesInCarryingValueOfGoodwillByReportableSegmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r255
      r486
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) from adjustments after acquisition date under purchase accounting of an asset representing the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized.
        label: Goodwill, Purchase Accounting Adjustments
        terseLabel: Purchase price allocation adjustments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfChangesInCarryingValueOfGoodwillByReportableSegmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Goodwill [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Goodwill [Roll Forward]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GoodwillRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfChangesInCarryingValueOfGoodwillByReportableSegmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GoodwillWrittenOffRelatedToSaleOfBusinessUnit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r252
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of divestiture of an asset representing future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized.
        label: Goodwill, Written off Related to Sale of Business Unit
        negatedTerseLabel: Divested during the period
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GoodwillWrittenOffRelatedToSaleOfBusinessUnit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfChangesInCarryingValueOfGoodwillByReportableSegmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GrossProfit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r115
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate revenue less cost of goods and services sold or operating expenses directly attributable to the revenue generation activity.
        label: Gross Profit
        terseLabel: Gross profit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GrossProfit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_HedgingDesignationAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r529
      r547
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by designation of purpose of derivative instrument.
        label: Hedging Designation [Axis]
        terseLabel: Hedging Designation [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: HedgingDesignationAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsDerivativeInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsScheduleOfClassificationOfDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesWithinConsolidatedBalanceSheetsDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsScheduleOfEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsOnConsolidatedStatementsOfIncomeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationScheduleOfUnallocatedMarkToMarketGainsLossesOnCommodityDerivativesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_HedgingDesignationDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r529
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Designation of purpose of derivative instrument.
        label: Hedging Designation [Domain]
        terseLabel: Hedging Designation [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: HedgingDesignationDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsDerivativeInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsScheduleOfClassificationOfDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesWithinConsolidatedBalanceSheetsDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsScheduleOfEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsOnConsolidatedStatementsOfIncomeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationScheduleOfUnallocatedMarkToMarketGainsLossesOnCommodityDerivativesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_HedgingRelationshipDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r529
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Nature or intent of a hedge.
        label: Hedging Relationship [Domain]
        terseLabel: Hedging Relationship [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: HedgingRelationshipDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsDerivativeInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsScheduleOfClassificationOfDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesWithinConsolidatedBalanceSheetsDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsScheduleOfEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsOnConsolidatedStatementsOfIncomeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill: {
     auth_ref: [
      r140
      r273
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of impairment loss recognized in the period resulting from the write-down of the carrying amount of an intangible asset (excluding goodwill) to fair value.
        label: Impairment of Intangible Assets (Excluding Goodwill)
        terseLabel: Impairment of Intangible Assets (Excluding Goodwill)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesBusinessRealignmentActivitiesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsFairValueMeasurementsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse: {
     auth_ref: [
      r140
      r278
      r283
      r641
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate amount of write-downs for impairments recognized during the period for long lived assets held for use (including those held for disposal by means other than sale).
        label: Impairment of Long-Lived Assets Held-for-use
        terseLabel: Impairment of Long-Lived Assets Held-for-use
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesBusinessRealignmentActivitiesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsFairValueMeasurementsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf: {
     auth_ref: [
      r140
      r277
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate amount of write-downs for impairments recognized during the period for long-lived assets held for abandonment, exchange or sale.
        label: Impairment of Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed of
        terseLabel: Impairment of Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed of
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsFairValueMeasurementsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesDomestic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r155
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfIncomeLossBeforeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The portion of earnings or loss from continuing operations before income taxes that is attributable to domestic operations.
        label: Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Income Taxes, Domestic
        terseLabel: Domestic
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesDomestic
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfIncomeLossBeforeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest: {
     auth_ref: [
      r111
      r166
      r597
      r610
      r635
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_ProfitLoss
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfIncomeLossBeforeTaxesDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations, including income (loss) from equity method investments, before deduction of income tax expense (benefit), and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.
        label: Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Income Taxes, Noncontrolling Interest
        terseLabel: Income before income taxes
        totalLabel: Income before income taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfIncomeLossBeforeTaxesDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfNetSalesAndEarningsBySegmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesForeign: {
     auth_ref: [
      r155
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfIncomeLossBeforeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The portion of earnings or loss from continuing operations before income taxes that is attributable to foreign operations, which is defined as Income or Loss generated from operations located outside the entity's country of domicile.
        label: Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Income Taxes, Foreign
        terseLabel: Foreign
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesForeign
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfIncomeLossBeforeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Income Statement [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeStatementAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by name of disposal group.
        label: Disposal Group Name [Axis]
        terseLabel: Disposal Group Name [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleTables
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsTables
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesScheduleOfBusinessRealignmentActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Income Statement, Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups, Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Income Statement, Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups, Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleTables
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r1
      r3
      r4
      r5
      r6
      r7
      r8
      r10
      r12
      r13
      r14
      r287
      r288
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about a disposal group. Includes, but is not limited to, a discontinued operation, disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.
        label: Disposal Groups, Including Discontinued Operations [Table]
        terseLabel: Disposal Groups, Including Discontinued Operations [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleTables
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r284
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by location in the income statement.
        label: Income Statement Location [Axis]
        terseLabel: Income Statement Location [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeStatementLocationAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleTables
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsRippleBrandCollectiveLlcAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsShanghaiGoldenMonkeyNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesScheduleOfBusinessRealignmentActivityDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsDerivativeInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Location in the income statement.
        label: Income Statement Location [Domain]
        terseLabel: Income Statement Location [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeStatementLocationDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleTables
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsRippleBrandCollectiveLlcAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsShanghaiGoldenMonkeyNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesScheduleOfBusinessRealignmentActivityDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsDerivativeInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxContingencyLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Income Tax Contingency [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Income Tax Contingency [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxContingencyLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxContingencyTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r459
      r466
      r467
      r478
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about tax positions taken in the tax returns filed or to be filed for which it is more likely than not that the tax position will not be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities and other income tax contingencies. Includes, but is not limited to, interest and penalties, reconciliation of unrecognized tax benefits, unrecognized tax benefits that would affect the effective tax rate, tax years that remain subject to examination by tax jurisdictions, and information about positions for which it is reasonably possible that amounts unrecognized will significantly change within 12 months.
        label: Income Tax Contingency [Table]
        terseLabel: Income Tax Contingency [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxContingencyTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxCreditsAndAdjustments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r141
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A credit or adjustment for government or taxing authority authorized decrease in taxes owed as a result of meeting certain tax policy conditions.
        label: Income Tax Credits and Adjustments
        terseLabel: Investment tax credits and related tax depreciation benefits
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxCreditsAndAdjustments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r485
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position, net change during the year in the total valuation allowance, approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets, utilization of a tax carryback, and tax uncertainties information.
        label: Income Tax Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Income Taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxes
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r151
      r215
      r482
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_ProfitLoss
       weight: -1.0
      }
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations.
        label: Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: Provision for income taxes
        totalLabel: Total provision for income taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r144
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign, federal, state, and local authorities as taxes on income, net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.
        label: Income Taxes Paid, Net
        terseLabel: Income taxes paid
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxesPaidNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r139
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 12.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the amounts payable to vendors for goods and services received and the amount of obligations and expenses incurred but not paid.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities
        terseLabel: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r139
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 9.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in amount due within one year (or one business cycle) from customers for the credit sale of goods and services.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Accounts Receivable
        negatedTerseLabel: Accounts receivable\u2014trade, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedTaxesPayable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r139
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 13.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period of all taxes owed but not paid, including income, property and other taxes.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Accrued Taxes Payable
        terseLabel: Accrued income taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedTaxesPayable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r139
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the period in the net carrying value of derivative instruments reported as assets and liabilities that are due to be disposed of within one year (or the normal operating cycle, if longer).
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Derivative Assets and Liabilities
        negatedTerseLabel: Increase (Decrease) in Derivative Assets and Liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsDerivativeInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInFairValueOfHedgedItemInInterestRateFairValueHedge1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r533
      r537
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of unrealized gain (loss) included in earnings related to the fair value of the hedged item in an interest rate fair value hedge, offset by the gain (loss) on the hedging instrument to the extent that the fair value hedge is determined to be effective.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Fair Value of Hedged Item in Interest Rate Fair Value Hedge
        terseLabel: Fair value hedges, pre-tax benefit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInFairValueOfHedgedItemInInterestRateFairValueHedge1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsDerivativeInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories: {
     auth_ref: [
      r139
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 10.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity, associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Inventories
        negatedTerseLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInInventories
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Operating Capital [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Changes in assets and liabilities, net of business acquisitions and divestitures:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingCapitalNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r139
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 15.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in operating assets after deduction of operating liabilities classified as other.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Other Operating Assets and Liabilities, Net
        negatedTerseLabel: Other assets and liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingCapitalNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r139
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 11.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses, and assets classified as other.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Prepaid Expense and Other Assets
        negatedTerseLabel: Prepaid expenses and other current assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Stockholders' Equity [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Increase (Decrease) in Stockholders' Equity [Roll Forward]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements: {
     auth_ref: [
      r172
      r184
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Additional shares included in the calculation of diluted EPS as a result of the potentially dilutive effect of share based payment arrangements using the treasury stock method.
        label: Incremental Common Shares Attributable to Dilutive Effect of Share-based Payment Arrangements
        terseLabel: Incremental common shares attributable to dilutive effect of share-based payment arrangements
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r263
      r271
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type or class of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit.
        label: Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets [Axis]
        terseLabel: Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfGrossCarryingAmountAndAccumulatedAmortizationForEachMajorClassOfIntangibleAssetDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill: {
     auth_ref: [
      r271
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit.
        label: Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets (Excluding Goodwill)
        terseLabel: Indefinite-lived intangible assets, excluding goodwill
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfGrossCarryingAmountAndAccumulatedAmortizationForEachMajorClassOfIntangibleAssetDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsMajorClassNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r263
      r271
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The major class of indefinite-lived intangible asset (for example, trade names, etc. but not all-inclusive), excluding goodwill. A major class is composed of intangible assets that can be grouped together because they are similar, either by their nature or by their use in the operations of the company.
        label: Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets, Major Class Name [Domain]
        terseLabel: Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets, Major Class Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsMajorClassNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfGrossCarryingAmountAndAccumulatedAmortizationForEachMajorClassOfIntangibleAssetDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill: {
     auth_ref: [
      r260
      r266
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets, excluding goodwill, as of the balance sheet date, net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
        label: Intangible Assets, Net (Excluding Goodwill)
        terseLabel: Other intangibles
        verboseLabel: Total other intangible assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfGrossCarryingAmountAndAccumulatedAmortizationForEachMajorClassOfIntangibleAssetDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestCostsCapitalizedAdjustment: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfNetInterestExpenseDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_InterestExpense
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of interest costs capitalized disclosed as an adjusting item to interest costs incurred.
        label: Interest Costs Capitalized Adjustment
        terseLabel: Capitalized interest
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestCostsCapitalizedAdjustment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfNetInterestExpenseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r109
      r213
      r581
      r584
      r613
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfNetInterestExpenseDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNonoperatingNet
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the cost of borrowed funds accounted for as interest expense.
        label: Interest Expense
        totalLabel: Interest expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfNetInterestExpenseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r121
      r316
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfNetInterestExpenseDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_InterestExpense
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the cost of borrowed funds accounted for as interest expense for debt.
        label: Interest Expense, Debt
        terseLabel: Interest expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestExpenseDebt
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfNetInterestExpenseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestExpenseMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r545
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing interest expense.
        label: Interest Expense [Member]
        terseLabel: Interest Expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestExpenseMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsDerivativeInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestIncomeAndInterestExpenseDisclosureTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of interest income and expense, including, but not limited to, interest income and expense from investments, loans, and securities.
        label: Interest Income and Interest Expense Disclosure [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Net Interest Expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestIncomeAndInterestExpenseDisclosureTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNonoperatingNet: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfNetInterestExpenseDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The net amount of nonoperating interest income (expense).
        label: Interest Income (Expense), Nonoperating, Net
        negatedTerseLabel: Interest expense, net
        negatedTotalLabel: Interest expense, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestIncomeExpenseNonoperatingNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfNetSalesAndEarningsBySegmentDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfNetInterestExpenseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestPaid: {
     auth_ref: [
      r144
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash paid for interest, including, but not limited to, capitalized interest and payment to settle zero-coupon bond attributable to accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount; classified as operating and investing activities.
        label: Interest Paid, Including Capitalized Interest, Operating and Investing Activities
        terseLabel: Interest Paid, Including Capitalized Interest, Operating and Investing Activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestPaid
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestPaidNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r132
      r136
      r144
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash paid for interest, excluding capitalized interest, classified as operating activity. Includes, but is not limited to, payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.
        label: Interest Paid, Excluding Capitalized Interest, Operating Activities
        terseLabel: Interest paid
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestPaidNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestRateContractMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r361
      r542
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Derivative instrument whose primary underlying risk is tied to the right to receive or pay a sum of money at a given interest rate.
        label: Interest Rate Contract [Member]
        terseLabel: Interest rate swap agreements
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestRateContractMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsDerivativeInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsScheduleOfClassificationOfDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesWithinConsolidatedBalanceSheetsDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsScheduleOfEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsOnConsolidatedStatementsOfIncomeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsScheduleOfAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredAtFairValueDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestRateSwapMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r542
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Forward based contracts in which two parties agree to swap periodic payments that are fixed at the outset of the swap contract with variable payments based on a market interest rate (index rate) over a specified period.
        label: Interest Rate Swap [Member]
        terseLabel: Interest rate swap
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestRateSwapMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsDerivativeInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InternalUseSoftwarePolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r149
      r274
      r275
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for costs incurred when both (1) the software is acquired, internally developed, or modified solely to meet the entity's internal needs, and (2) during the software's development or modification, no substantive plan exists or is being developed to market the software externally.
        label: Internal Use Software, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Computer Software
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InternalUseSoftwarePolicy
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoriesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tangible personal property held for sale in the ordinary course of business, or in process of, or to be consumed in, production for sale.
        label: Inventories [Member]
        terseLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoriesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfPurchaseObligationsCoveredByPutchaseAgreementsWithVariousSuppliersFutureMaturtyScheduleDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoodsNetOfReserves: {
     auth_ref: [
      r52
      r245
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_FIFOInventoryAmount
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount, net of valuation reserves and adjustments, as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods held by the company that are readily available for sale.
        label: Inventory, Finished Goods, Net of Reserves
        terseLabel: Finished goods
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryFinishedGoodsNetOfReserves
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryLIFOReserve: {
     auth_ref: [
      r80
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_InventoryNet
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount by which inventory stated at last-in first-out (LIFO) is less than (in excess of) inventory stated at other inventory cost methods.
        label: Inventory, LIFO Reserve
        negatedTerseLabel: Adjustment to LIFO
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryLIFOReserve
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r18
      r78
      r242
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold, or consumed within one year or operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Inventory, Net
        terseLabel: Inventories
        totalLabel: Total inventories
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryNetAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Inventory, Net [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryNetAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r28
      r79
      r149
      r189
      r243
      r244
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes, including, but not limited to, basis for determining inventory amounts, methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes, loss recognition on impairment of inventories, and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.
        label: Inventory, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsNetOfReserves: {
     auth_ref: [
      r54
      r245
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_FIFOInventoryAmount
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount, net of valuation reserves and adjustments, as of the balance sheet date of unprocessed items to be consumed in the manufacturing or production process.
        label: Inventory, Raw Materials, Net of Reserves
        terseLabel: Raw materials
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryRawMaterialsNetOfReserves
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryValuationReserveMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r162
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reserve to reduce inventory to lower of cost or net realizable value.
        label: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Reserve, Inventory [Member]
        terseLabel: Inventory Obsolescence Reserve
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryValuationReserveMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcessNetOfReserves: {
     auth_ref: [
      r53
      r245
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_FIFOInventoryAmount
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount, net of reserves and adjustments, as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods which are partially completed. This inventory is generally comprised of raw materials, labor and factory overhead costs, which require further materials, labor and overhead to be converted into finished goods, and which generally require the use of estimates to determine percentage complete and pricing.
        label: Inventory, Work in Process, Net of Reserves
        terseLabel: Goods in process
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryWorkInProcessNetOfReserves
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest: {
     auth_ref: [
      r120
      r212
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfNetInterestExpenseDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNonoperatingNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accretion (amortization) of purchase discount (premium) of interest income on nonoperating securities.
        label: Investment Income, Interest
        negatedTerseLabel: Interest income
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InvestmentIncomeInterest
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfNetInterestExpenseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LIFOInventoryAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r28
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of LIFO (last in first out) inventory present at the reporting date when inventory is also valued using different valuation methods.
        label: LIFO Inventory Amount
        terseLabel: LIFO inventory amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LIFOInventoryAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesInventoriesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_Land: {
     auth_ref: [
      r23
      r59
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accumulated depletion of real estate held for productive use, excluding land held for sale.
        label: Land
        terseLabel: Land
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Land
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets, including but not limited to, furniture and equipment, that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture, sale or creation of a product or product line.
        label: Operating Leases, Rent Expense
        terseLabel: Operating Leases, Rent Expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LeaseAndRentalExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfOperatingAndCapitalLeaseObligationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_Liabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r67
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all liabilities that are recognized. Liabilities are probable future sacrifices of economic benefits arising from present obligations of an entity to transfer assets or provide services to other entities in the future.
        label: Liabilities
        totalLabel: Total liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Liabilities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r50
      r605
      r629
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liabilities and equity items, including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests, if any.
        label: Liabilities and Equity
        totalLabel: Total liabilities and stockholders\u2019 equity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Liabilities and Equity [Abstract]
        terseLabel: LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS\u2019 EQUITY
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r69
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Liabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle, if longer.
        label: Liabilities, Current
        totalLabel: Total current liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Liabilities, Current [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Current liabilities:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r0
      r1
      r9
      r11
      r285
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount classified as liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of.
        label: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Liabilities
        terseLabel: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LicensingAgreementsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r497
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Rights, generally of limited duration, under a license arrangement (for example, to sell or otherwise utilize specified products or processes in a specified territory).
        label: Licensing Agreements [Member]
        terseLabel: Licensing Agreements
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LicensingAgreementsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Line of Credit Facility [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Line of Credit Facility [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtShortTermDebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumAmountOutstandingDuringPeriod: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Maximum amount borrowed under the credit facility at any time during the period.
        label: Line of Credit Facility, Maximum Amount Outstanding During Period
        terseLabel: Maximum amount of short term borrowing outstanding
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumAmountOutstandingDuringPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtShortTermDebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r64
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Maximum borrowing capacity under the credit facility without consideration of any current restrictions on the amount that could be borrowed or the amounts currently outstanding under the facility.
        label: Line of Credit Facility, Maximum Borrowing Capacity
        terseLabel: Line of Credit Facility, Maximum Borrowing Capacity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtShortTermDebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r64
      r154
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A table or schedule providing information pertaining to short-term or long-term contractual arrangements with lenders, including letters of credit, standby letters of credit, and revolving credit arrangements, under which borrowings can be made up to maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before, as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line.
        label: Line of Credit Facility [Table]
        terseLabel: Line of Credit Facility [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtShortTermDebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A contractual arrangement with a lender under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time, and under which borrowings outstanding may be either short-term or long-term, depending upon the particulars.
        label: Line of Credit [Member]
        terseLabel: Line of Credit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtShortTermDebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r35
      r600
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit, which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit, standby letters of credit, and revolving credit arrangements, under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before, as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis, or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision, (2) no violation exists at the BS date, and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
        label: Line of Credit, Current
        terseLabel: Short-term foreign bank loans against the lines of credit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LinesOfCreditCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtShortTermDebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r38
      r315
      r603
      r626
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfLongTermDebtInstrumentsDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs, of long-term debt. Includes, but not limited to, notes payable, bonds payable, debentures, mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
        label: Long-term Debt
        terseLabel: Long-term Debt
        totalLabel: Total long-term debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebt
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsScheduleOfFairValuesAndCarryingValuesOfLongTermDebtDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtLongTermDebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfLongTermDebtInstrumentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r38
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Liabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt and capital lease obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Long-term Debt and Capital Lease Obligations
        terseLabel: Long-term debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtByMaturityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Long-term Debt, Fiscal Year Maturity [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Long-term Debt, Fiscal Year Maturity [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtByMaturityAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r66
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfLongTermDebtInstrumentsDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebt
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs, of long-term debt, classified as current. Includes, but not limited to, notes payable, bonds payable, debentures, mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
        label: Long-term Debt, Current Maturities
        terseLabel: Current portion of long-term debt
        verboseLabel: Less\u2014current portion
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsScheduleOfFairValuesAndCarryingValuesOfLongTermDebtDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfLongTermDebtInstrumentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtFairValue: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The fair value amount of long-term debt whether such amount is presented as a separate caption or as a parenthetical disclosure. Additionally, this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission.
        label: Long-term Debt, Fair Value
        terseLabel: Long-term Debt, Fair Value
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsScheduleOfFairValuesAndCarryingValuesOfLongTermDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r161
      r313
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirements, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Long-term Debt, Maturities, Repayments of Principal after Year Five
        terseLabel: Thereafter
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: [
      r161
      r313
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirements, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Long-term Debt, Maturities, Repayments of Principal in Next Twelve Months
        terseLabel: 2019
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r161
      r313
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirements, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Long-term Debt, Maturities, Repayments of Principal in Year Five
        terseLabel: 2023
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour: {
     auth_ref: [
      r161
      r313
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirements, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Long-term Debt, Maturities, Repayments of Principal in Year Four
        terseLabel: 2022
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree: {
     auth_ref: [
      r161
      r313
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirements, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Long-term Debt, Maturities, Repayments of Principal in Year Three
        terseLabel: 2021
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo: {
     auth_ref: [
      r161
      r313
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirements, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Long-term Debt, Maturities, Repayments of Principal in Year Two
        terseLabel: 2020
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r71
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfLongTermDebtInstrumentsDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebt
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer. Includes, but not limited to, notes payable, bonds payable, debentures, mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
        label: Long-term Debt, Excluding Current Maturities
        terseLabel: Long-term portion
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsScheduleOfFairValuesAndCarryingValuesOfLongTermDebtDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfLongTermDebtInstrumentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r71
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of long-term debt.
        label: Long-term Debt, Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Long-term Debt, Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongtermDebtTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtLongTermDebtInterestRatesDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtLongTermDebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfLongTermDebtInstrumentsDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtShortTermDebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r71
      r314
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Type of long-term debt arrangement, such as notes, line of credit, commercial paper, asset-based financing, project financing, letter of credit financing. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company, if longer.
        label: Long-term Debt, Type [Domain]
        terseLabel: Long-term Debt, Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongtermDebtTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtLongTermDebtInterestRatesDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtLongTermDebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfLongTermDebtInstrumentsDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtShortTermDebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r24
      r280
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accumulated depreciation of tangible personal property used to produce goods and services, including, but is not limited to, tools, dies and molds, computer and office equipment.
        label: Machinery and Equipment, Gross
        terseLabel: Machinery and equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MachineryAndEquipmentGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tangible personal property used to produce goods and services, including, but is not limited to, tools, dies and molds, computer and office equipment.
        label: Machinery and Equipment [Member]
        terseLabel: Machinery and Equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MachineryAndEquipmentMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MarketableSecuritiesPolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r615
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for investment classified as marketable security.
        label: Marketable Securities, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Short-term Investments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MarketableSecuritiesPolicy
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MaterialReconcilingItemsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r219
      r220
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Items used in reconciling reportable segments' amounts to consolidated amount. Excludes corporate-level activity.
        label: Segment Reconciling Items [Member]
        terseLabel: Segment Reconciling Items
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MaterialReconcilingItemsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfNetSalesAndEarningsBySegmentDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationScheduleOfUnallocatedMarkToMarketGainsLossesOnCommodityDerivativesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MaximumLengthOfTimeHedgedInCashFlowHedge1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r555
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Maximum length of time over which the entity is hedging its exposure to the variability in future cash flows for forecasted transactions, excluding those forecasted transactions related to the payment of variable interest on existing financial instruments, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Maximum Length of Time Hedged in Cash Flow Hedge
        terseLabel: Maximum length of time, hedged in cash flow hedge
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MaximumLengthOfTimeHedgedInCashFlowHedge1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsDerivativeInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MergersAcquisitionsAndDispositionsDisclosuresTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r15
      r509
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for business combinations, including leverage buyout transactions (as applicable), and divestitures.  This may include a description of a business combination or divestiture (or series of individually immaterial business combinations or divestitures) completed during the period, including background, timing, and assets and liabilities recognized and reclassified or sold. This element does not include fixed asset sales and plant closings.
        label: Mergers, Acquisitions and Dispositions Disclosures [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Business Acquisitions
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MergersAcquisitionsAndDispositionsDisclosuresTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitions
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MinorityInterest: {
     auth_ref: [
      r76
      r604
      r628
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items, net of receivables from officers, directors, owners, and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is, noncontrolling interest, previously referred to as minority interest).
        label: Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest
        periodEndLabel: Balance, December 31, 2018
        periodStartLabel: Balance, December 31, 2017
        terseLabel: Noncontrolling interest in subsidiary
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MinorityInterest
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestScheduleOfActivityRelatingToNoncontrollingInterestDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MinorityInterestLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Noncontrolling Interest [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Noncontrolling Interest [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MinorityInterestLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestScheduleOfActivityRelatingToNoncontrollingInterestDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByParent: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The parent entity's interest in net assets of the subsidiary, expressed as a percentage.
        label: Noncontrolling Interest, Ownership Percentage by Parent
        terseLabel: Noncontrolling interest, ownership percentage by parent
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByParent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestEquityAndNoncontrollingInterestNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MinorityInterestTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r76
      r116
      r511
      r520
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of noncontrolling interest disclosure which includes the name of the subsidiary, the ownership percentage held by the parent, the ownership percentage held by the noncontrolling owners, the amount of the noncontrolling interest, the location of this amount on the balance sheet (when not reported separately), an explanation of the increase or decrease in the amount of the noncontrolling interest, the noncontrolling interest share of the net Income or Loss of the subsidiary, the location of this amount on the income statement (when not reported separately), the nature of the noncontrolling interest such as background information and terms, the amount of the noncontrolling interest represented by preferred stock, a description of the preferred stock, and the dividend requirements of the preferred stock.
        label: Noncontrolling Interest [Table]
        terseLabel: Noncontrolling Interest [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MinorityInterestTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestScheduleOfActivityRelatingToNoncontrollingInterestDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MovementInMinorityInterestRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest [Roll Forward]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MovementInMinorityInterestRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestScheduleOfActivityRelatingToNoncontrollingInterestDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r135
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities, including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on, and a return of, their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed, or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities
        negatedTerseLabel: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities
        totalLabel: Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesRecentAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Financing Activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r135
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities, including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property, plant, and equipment and other productive assets.
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities
        totalLabel: Net cash used in investing activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Investing Activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r135
      r138
      r141
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities, including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions, adjustments, and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities
        terseLabel: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities
        totalLabel: Net cash provided by operating activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesRecentAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Operating Activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r101
      r104
      r112
      r141
      r184
      r611
      r633
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent.
        label: Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Parent
        terseLabel: Net income attributable to The Hershey Company
        totalLabel: Net income attributable to The Hershey Company
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetIncomeLoss
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest: {
     auth_ref: [
      r101
      r104
      r516
      r522
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of Net Income (Loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.
        label: Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest
        terseLabel: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests
        verboseLabel: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestScheduleOfActivityRelatingToNoncontrollingInterestDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: New Accounting Pronouncements or Change in Accounting Principle [Line Items]
        terseLabel: New Accounting Pronouncements or Change in Accounting Principle [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesRecentAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r165
      r167
      r168
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Summarization of the changes in an accounting principle or a new accounting pronouncement, including the line items affected by the change and the financial effects of the change on those particular line items.
        label: New Accounting Pronouncements or Change in Accounting Principle [Table]
        terseLabel: New Accounting Pronouncements or Change in Accounting Principle [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesRecentAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes, but is not limited to, quantification of the expected or actual impact.
        label: New Accounting Pronouncements, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Recent Accounting Pronouncements
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NonUsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Countries excluding the United States of America (US).
        label: Non-US [Member]
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NonUsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSegmentInformationByGeographyDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NoncontrollingInterestMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r510
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents that portion of equity (net assets) in a subsidiary not attributable, directly or indirectly, to the parent. A noncontrolling interest is sometimes called a minority interest.
        label: Noncontrolling Interest [Member]
        terseLabel: Noncontrolling Interests in Subsidiaries
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NoncontrollingInterestMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestEquityAndNoncontrollingInterestNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestScheduleOfActivityRelatingToNoncontrollingInterestDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NondesignatedMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r529
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Derivative instrument not designated as hedging instrument under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP).
        label: Not Designated as Hedging Instrument [Member]
        terseLabel: Non-designated Hedges
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NondesignatedMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsDerivativeInstrumentsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsScheduleOfClassificationOfDerivativeAssetsAndLiabilitiesWithinConsolidatedBalanceSheetsDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationScheduleOfUnallocatedMarkToMarketGainsLossesOnCommodityDerivativesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NumberOfReportableSegments: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of segments reported by the entity. A reportable segment is a component of an entity for which there is an accounting requirement to report separate financial information on that component in the entity's financial statements.
        label: Number of Reportable Segments
        terseLabel: Number of reportable segments (segment)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NumberOfReportableSegments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesDescriptionOfBusinessAndBasisOfPresentationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The net result for the period of deducting operating expenses from operating revenues.
        label: Operating Income (Loss)
        terseLabel: Operating Income (Loss)
        totalLabel: Operating profit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingIncomeLoss
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfNetSalesAndEarningsBySegmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r591
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease.
        label: Operating Lease, Liability
        terseLabel: Lease liability
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiability
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesRecentAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset: {
     auth_ref: [
      r590
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's right to use underlying asset under operating lease.
        label: Operating Lease, Right-of-Use Asset
        terseLabel: Lease right-of-use asset
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesRecentAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r586
      r587
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due, Next Twelve Months
        terseLabel: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due, Next Twelve Months
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfOperatingAndCapitalLeaseObligationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r586
      r587
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Five Years
        terseLabel: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Five Years
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfOperatingAndCapitalLeaseObligationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r586
      r587
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Four Years
        terseLabel: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Four Years
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfOperatingAndCapitalLeaseObligationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r586
      r587
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Three Years
        terseLabel: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Three Years
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfOperatingAndCapitalLeaseObligationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r586
      r587
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Two Years
        terseLabel: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Two Years
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfOperatingAndCapitalLeaseObligationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter: {
     auth_ref: [
      r586
      r587
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due Thereafter
        terseLabel: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due Thereafter
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfOperatingAndCapitalLeaseObligationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r211
      r222
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Identifies components of an entity that engage in business activities from which they may earn revenue and incur expenses, including transactions with other components of the same entity.
        label: Operating Segments [Member]
        terseLabel: Operating Segments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingSegmentsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfChangesInCarryingValueOfGoodwillByReportableSegmentDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfDepreciationAndAmortizationExpenseIncludedWithinSegmentIncomeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfNetSalesAndEarningsBySegmentDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationScheduleOfUnallocatedMarkToMarketGainsLossesOnCommodityDerivativesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Organization, Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r25
      r26
      r27
      r68
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid classified as other, due within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Other Accrued Liabilities, Current
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r81
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current assets classified as other.
        label: Other Assets, Current
        terseLabel: Other Assets, Current
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherAssetsCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r61
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of noncurrent assets classified as other.
        label: Other Assets, Noncurrent
        terseLabel: Other assets
        totalLabel: Total other assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherAssetsNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Other Assets, Noncurrent [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherAssetsNoncurrentAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss, Defined Benefit Plan, after Reclassification Adjustment, before Tax [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Change in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in AOCI, pre-tax
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfComponentsOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss, Defined Benefit Plan, after Reclassification Adjustment, after Tax [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Pension and post-retirement benefit plans:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r89
      r93
      r372
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after tax, of gain (loss) for (increase) decrease in value of benefit obligation for change in actuarial assumptions and increase (decrease) in value of plan assets from experience different from that assumed of defined benefit plan, that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit.
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Defined Benefit Plan, Gain (Loss) Arising During Period, after Tax
        totalLabel: Net actuarial gain (loss) and prior service cost, after-tax amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r94
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of tax expense (benefit) for (increase) decrease in value of benefit obligation for change in actuarial assumptions and increase (decrease) in value of plan assets from experience different from that assumed of defined benefit plan, that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit.
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Defined Benefit Plan, Gain (Loss) Arising During Period, Tax
        negatedTerseLabel: Net actuarial gain (loss) and prior service cost, tax (expense) benefit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Cash Flow Hedge, Gain (Loss), after Reclassification and Tax [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Cash flow hedges:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest: {
     auth_ref: [
      r512
      r513
      r518
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments, foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature, attributable to noncontrolling interests.
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment, Net of Tax, Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest
        terseLabel: Other comprehensive loss - foreign currency translation adjustments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestScheduleOfActivityRelatingToNoncontrollingInterestDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r96
      r107
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax, before reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss).
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), before Reclassifications, Net of Tax
        terseLabel: Other comprehensive income (loss)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r239
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before tax, after reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss).
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), before Tax
        totalLabel: Total other comprehensive income (loss), pre-tax amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentBeforeTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r87
      r93
      r572
      r577
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before tax, after reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments, foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment, before Tax
        terseLabel: Foreign currency translation adjustments, pre-tax amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentBeforeTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r87
      r576
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments, foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment, Net of Tax
        totalLabel: Foreign currency translation adjustments, after-tax amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIRealizedUponSaleOrLiquidationBeforeTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r93
      r97
      r98
      r99
      r578
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTax
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before tax of reclassification adjustment from accumulated other comprehensive income for translation gain (loss) realized upon the sale or liquidation of an investment in a foreign entity and foreign currency hedges that are designated and qualified as hedging instruments for hedges of the foreign currency exposure of a net investment in a foreign operation.
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI, Realized upon Sale or Liquidation, before Tax
        terseLabel: Reclassification to earnings due to sale of business, pre-tax amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIRealizedUponSaleOrLiquidationBeforeTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIRealizedUponSaleOrLiquidationNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r93
      r97
      r98
      r99
      r578
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of reclassification adjustment from accumulated other comprehensive income for translation gain (loss) realized upon the sale or liquidation of an investment in a foreign entity and foreign currency hedges that are designated and qualified as hedging instruments for hedges of the foreign currency exposure of a net investment in a foreign operation.
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI, Realized upon Sale or Liquidation, Net of Tax
        totalLabel: Reclassification to earnings due to sale of business, after-tax amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIRealizedUponSaleOrLiquidationNetOfTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIRealizedUponSaleOrLiquidationTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r94
      r579
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of tax expense (benefit) of reclassification adjustment from accumulated other comprehensive income for translation gain (loss) realized upon the sale or liquidation of an investment in a foreign entity and foreign currency hedges that are designated and qualified as hedging instruments for hedges of the foreign currency exposure of a net investment in a foreign operation.
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI, Realized upon Sale or Liquidation, Tax
        terseLabel: Reclassification to earnings due to sale of business, pre-tax amount, tax (expense) benefit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIRealizedUponSaleOrLiquidationTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTranslationAdjustmentTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r87
      r94
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of tax expense (benefit), after reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments, foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment, Tax
        negatedLabel: Foreign currency translation adjustments, tax (expense) benefit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTranslationAdjustmentTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r102
      r105
      r107
      r322
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss).
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax
        totalLabel: Total other comprehensive income (loss), after-tax amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax [Abstract]
        verboseLabel: Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r90
      r93
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfComponentsOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AmountRecognizedInNetPeriodicBenefitCostAndOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before tax, after reclassification adjustment, of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income for defined benefit plan.
        label: Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss, Defined Benefit Plan, after Reclassification Adjustment, before Tax
        totalLabel: Total recognized in other comprehensive (income) loss, pre-tax
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfComponentsOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r89
      r93
      r372
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before tax, of gain (loss) for (increase) decrease in value of benefit obligation for change in actuarial assumptions and increase (decrease) in value of plan assets from experience different from that assumed of defined benefit plan, that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit.
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Defined Benefit Plan, Gain (Loss) Arising During Period, before Tax
        terseLabel: Net actuarial gain (loss) and prior service cost, pre-tax amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesBeforeTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r93
      r97
      r99
      r538
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTax
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before tax of reclassification adjustment from accumulated other comprehensive income of accumulated gain (loss) realized from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's deferred hedging gain (loss).
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI on Derivatives, before Tax
        negatedTerseLabel: Reclassification to earnings, pre-tax amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesBeforeTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r93
      r97
      r99
      r530
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of reclassification adjustment from accumulated other comprehensive income of accumulated gain (loss) realized from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's deferred hedging gain (loss).
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI on Derivatives, Net of Tax
        negatedTotalLabel: Reclassification to earnings, after-tax amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesNetOfTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r94
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of tax expense (benefit) of reclassification adjustment from accumulated other comprehensive income of accumulated gain (loss) realized from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's deferred hedging gain (loss).
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI on Derivatives, Tax
        terseLabel: Reclassification to earnings, tax (expense) benefit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetGainLossBeforeTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r93
      r97
      r99
      r372
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTax
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before tax, of reclassification adjustment from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for gain (loss) of defined benefit plan.
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Defined Benefit Plan, Gain (Loss), Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI, before Tax
        negatedTerseLabel: Reclassification to earnings, pre-tax amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetGainLossBeforeTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetGainLossNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r93
      r97
      r99
      r372
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after tax, of reclassification adjustment from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for gain (loss) of defined benefit plan.
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Defined Benefit Plan, Gain (Loss), Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI, after Tax
        negatedTotalLabel: Reclassification to earnings, after-tax amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetGainLossNetOfTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetGainLossTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r94
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of tax expense (benefit) of reclassification adjustment from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for gain (loss) of defined benefit plan.
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Defined Benefit Plan, Gain (Loss), Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI, Tax
        terseLabel: Reclassification to earnings, tax (expense) benefit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetGainLossTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r94
      r481
      r483
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of tax expense (benefit) allocated to other comprehensive income (loss).
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Tax
        negatedTotalLabel: Total other comprehensive income (loss), tax (expense) benefit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r88
      r93
      r553
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before tax of increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss).
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Arising During Period, before Tax
        terseLabel: Gains (losses) recognized in other comprehensive income (\u201cOCI\u201d) (effective portion)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsScheduleOfEffectOfDerivativeInstrumentsOnConsolidatedStatementsOfIncomeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r88
      r93
      r553
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss).
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Arising During Period, Net of Tax
        totalLabel: Gains (losses) on cash flow hedging derivatives, after-tax amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r88
      r94
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of tax expense (benefit), before reclassification adjustments, related to increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss).
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Arising During Period, Tax
        negatedLabel: Gains (losses) on cash flow hedging derivatives, tax (expense) benefit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndExpensesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Other Income and Expenses [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherIncomeAndExpensesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndOtherExpenseDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r339
      r445
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for other income or other expense items (both operating and nonoperating). Sources of nonoperating income or nonoperating expense that may be disclosed, include amounts earned from dividends, interest on securities, profits (losses) on securities, net and miscellaneous other income or income deductions.
        label: Other Income and Other Expense Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Other (Income) Expense, Net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherIncomeAndOtherExpenseDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/OtherIncomeExpenseNetOtherIncomeExpenseNetTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherIntangibleAssetsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Intangible assets classified as other.
        label: Other Intangible Assets [Member]
        terseLabel: Other intangible assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherIntangibleAssetsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsRippleBrandCollectiveLlcAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsRippleBrandCollectiveLlcNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherInvestmentsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing other investments.
        label: Other Investments [Member]
        terseLabel: Alternative investments, including real estate, listed infrastructure and other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherInvestmentsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPlanAssetsAcrossAssetClassesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r72
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Liabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liabilities classified as other, due after one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Other Liabilities, Noncurrent
        terseLabel: Other long-term liabilities
        totalLabel: Total other long-term liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Other Liabilities, Noncurrent [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r122
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/OtherIncomeExpenseNetScheduleOfOtherIncomeAndExpenseNetDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities, classified as other.
        label: Other Nonoperating Income (Expense)
        negatedTerseLabel: Other (income) expense, net
        negatedTotalLabel: Total
        terseLabel: Other Nonoperating Income (Expense)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/OtherIncomeExpenseNetScheduleOfOtherIncomeAndExpenseNetDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfNetSalesAndEarningsBySegmentDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesRecentAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing other nonoperating income (expense).
        label: Other Nonoperating Income (Expense) [Member]
        terseLabel: Other Nonoperating Income (Expense)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherOperatingActivitiesCashFlowStatement: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 8.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Other cash or noncash adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by (used in) operating activities that are not separately disclosed in the statement of cash flows (for example,  cash received or cash paid during the current period for miscellaneous operating activities, net change during the reporting period in other assets or other liabilities).
        label: Other Operating Activities, Cash Flow Statement
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherOperatingActivitiesCashFlowStatement
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r341
      r382
      r383
      r399
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Plan designed to provide other postretirement benefits. Includes, but is not limited to, defined benefit and defined contribution plans. Excludes pension benefits.
        label: Other Postretirement Benefits Plan [Member]
        terseLabel: Other Benefits
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansPensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfAmountsExpectedToBeAmortizedFromAociIntoNetPeriodicBenefitDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfComponentsOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsToBePaidDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInComputingBenefitObligationsDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInComputingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlanLiabilitiesNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r39
      r342
      r343
      r358
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liability, recognized in statement of financial position, for defined benefit other postretirement plan, classified as noncurrent. Excludes pension plan.
        label: Liability, Other Postretirement Defined Benefit Plan, Noncurrent
        terseLabel: Post-retirement benefits liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlanLiabilitiesNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherRestructuringMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Restructuring and related activities classified as other.
        label: Other Restructuring [Member]
        terseLabel: Other program costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherRestructuringMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesBusinessRealignmentActivitiesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesScheduleOfBusinessRealignmentActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherThanTemporaryImpairmentLossesInvestmentsPortionRecognizedInEarningsNet: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses on equity securities, OTTI related to credit losses on debt securities, and OTTI losses on debt securities when the entity intends to sell the securities or it is more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell the securities before recovery of its amortized cost basis. Additionally, this item includes OTTI losses recognized during the period on investments accounted for under the cost method of accounting.
        label: Other than Temporary Impairment Losses, Investments, Portion Recognized in Earnings, Net
        terseLabel: Write-down of equity investments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherThanTemporaryImpairmentLossesInvestmentsPortionRecognizedInEarningsNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ParticipatingSecuritiesDistributedAndUndistributedEarningsLossBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r177
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_ParticipatingSecuritiesDistributedAndUndistributedEarningsLossDiluted
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of earnings (loss) distributed and earnings (loss) allocated to participating securities for the basic earnings (loss) per share or per unit calculation under the two-class method.
        label: Participating Securities, Distributed and Undistributed Earnings (Loss), Basic
        terseLabel: Allocation of total earnings used in basic computation
        totalLabel: Total earnings\u2014basic
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ParticipatingSecuritiesDistributedAndUndistributedEarningsLossBasic
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ParticipatingSecuritiesDistributedAndUndistributedEarningsLossDiluted: {
     auth_ref: [
      r177
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of earnings (loss) distributed and earnings (loss) allocated to participating securities for the diluted earnings (loss) per share or per unit calculation under the two-class method.
        label: Participating Securities, Distributed and Undistributed Earnings (Loss), Diluted
        totalLabel: Total earnings\u2014diluted
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ParticipatingSecuritiesDistributedAndUndistributedEarningsLossDiluted
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PatentsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r498
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Exclusive legal right granted by the government to the owner of the patent to exploit an invention or a process for a period of time specified by law.
        label: Patents [Member]
        terseLabel: Patents
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PatentsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfGrossCarryingAmountAndAccumulatedAmortizationForEachMajorClassOfIntangibleAssetDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r130
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow to reacquire common stock during the period.
        label: Payments for Repurchase of Common Stock
        negatedTerseLabel: Repurchase of common stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsForRestructuring: {
     auth_ref: [
      r133
      r292
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash payments made as the result of exit or disposal activities. Excludes payments associated with a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.
        label: Payments for Restructuring
        negatedTerseLabel: Cash payments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsForRestructuring
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesScheduleOfLiabilityActivityForCostsQualifyingAsExitAndDisposalCostsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividendsCommonStock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r130
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow in the form of ordinary dividends to common shareholders of the parent entity.
        label: Payments of Ordinary Dividends, Common Stock
        negatedTerseLabel: Cash dividends paid
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsOfDividendsCommonStock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r126
      r507
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of business during the period. The cash portion only of the acquisition price.
        label: Payments to Acquire Businesses, Gross
        terseLabel: Payment of SGM liability (see Note 2)
        verboseLabel: Payment of SGM liability (see Note 2)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsShanghaiGoldenMonkeyNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired: {
     auth_ref: [
      r126
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of a business, net of the cash acquired from the purchase.
        label: Payments to Acquire Businesses, Net of Cash Acquired
        negatedTerseLabel: Business acquisitions, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireEquityMethodInvestments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r126
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow associated with the purchase of or advances to an equity method investments, which are investments in joint ventures and entities in which the entity has an equity ownership interest normally of 20 to 50 percent and exercises significant influence.
        label: Payments to Acquire Equity Method Investments
        negatedTerseLabel: Equity investments in tax credit qualifying partnerships
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsToAcquireEquityMethodInvestments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r127
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived, physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
        label: Payments to Acquire Property, Plant, and Equipment
        negatedTerseLabel: Capital additions (including software)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitContributions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r137
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 14.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow for pension and other postretirement benefits. Includes, but is not limited to, employer contribution to fund plan asset and payment to retiree.
        label: Payment for Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits
        negatedTerseLabel: Contributions to pension and other benefit plans
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitContributions
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r400
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for pension and other postretirement benefits.
        label: Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Pension and Other Post-Retirement Benefit Plans
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlans
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansCurrentLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r37
      r342
      r343
      r358
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheet
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liability, recognized in statement of financial position, for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans, classified as current.
        label: Liability, Defined Benefit Plan, Current
        negatedTerseLabel: Accrued liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansCurrentLiabilities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r39
      r342
      r343
      r358
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheet
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liability, recognized in statement of financial position, for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans, classified as noncurrent.
        label: Liability, Defined Benefit Plan, Noncurrent
        negatedTerseLabel: Other long-term liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r340
      r382
      r383
      r399
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Plan designed to provide participant with pension benefits. Includes, but is not limited to, defined benefit and defined contribution plans. Excludes other postretirement benefits.
        label: Pension Plan [Member]
        terseLabel: Pension Benefits
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansPensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfAmountsExpectedToBeAmortizedFromAociIntoNetPeriodicBenefitDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfComponentsOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsToBePaidDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsWithinFairValueHierarchyDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInComputingBenefitObligationsDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInComputingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PercentageOfLIFOInventory: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The percentage of LIFO (last in first out) inventory to total inventory as of the balance sheet date if other than 100 percent.
        label: Percentage of LIFO Inventory
        terseLabel: Percentage of LIFO inventory
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PercentageOfLIFOInventory
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesInventoriesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Shares or units awarded to employees for meeting certain performance targets.
        label: Performance Shares [Member]
        terseLabel: Performance shares
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PerformanceSharesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansStockCompensationPlansNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PlanAssetCategoriesDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Defined benefit plan asset investment.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Plan Assets, Category [Domain]
        terseLabel: Defined Benefit Plan, Plan Assets, Category [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PlanAssetCategoriesDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsWithinFairValueHierarchyDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPlanAssetsAcrossAssetClassesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PreferredStockMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Preferred shares may provide a preferential dividend to the dividend on common stock and may take precedence over common stock in the event of a liquidation. Preferred shares typically represent an ownership interest in the company.
        label: Preferred Stock [Member]
        terseLabel: Preferred Stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PreferredStockMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r43
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Face amount or stated value per share of preferred stock nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer.
        label: Preferred Stock, Par or Stated Value Per Share
        terseLabel: Preferred Stock, Par or Stated Value Per Share
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestEquityAndNoncontrollingInterestNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r43
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The maximum number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws.
        label: Preferred Stock, Shares Authorized
        terseLabel: Preferred stock, shares authorized (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PreferredStockSharesAuthorized
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestEquityAndNoncontrollingInterestNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r43
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued, repurchased, and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.
        label: Preferred Stock, Shares Issued
        terseLabel: Preferred stock, shares issued (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PreferredStockSharesIssued
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PreferredStockValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r43
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares, par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
        label: Preferred Stock, Value, Issued
        terseLabel: Preferred stock, shares issued: none in 2018 and 2017
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PreferredStockValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PrepaidAdvertising: {
     auth_ref: [
      r19
      r21
      r246
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of consideration paid in advance for advertising that provides economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Prepaid Advertising
        terseLabel: Prepaid advertising expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PrepaidAdvertising
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesSellingMarketingAndAdministrativeExpenseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r20
      r55
      r56
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods, and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Prepaid Expense and Other Assets, Current
        terseLabel: Prepaid expenses and other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Prepaid Expense and Other Assets, Current [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Prepaid Expense and Other Assets, Current [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrentAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrentAndNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r609
      r632
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of expenditures made in advance of when the economic benefit of the cost will be realized, and which will be expensed in future periods with the passage of time or when a triggering event occurs.
        label: Prepaid Expense
        terseLabel: Prepaid Expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PrepaidExpenseCurrentAndNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfBusinesses: {
     auth_ref: [
      r124
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow associated with the amount received from the sale of a portion of the company's business, for example a segment, division, branch or other business, during the period.
        label: Proceeds from Divestiture of Businesses
        terseLabel: Proceeds from sales of businesses, net of cash and cash equivalents divested
        verboseLabel: Proceeds from sales of businesses, net of cash and cash equivalents divested
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromDivestitureOfBusinesses
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r129
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow from a debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Proceeds from Issuance of Long-term Debt
        terseLabel: Long-term borrowings
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfOtherLongTermDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r129
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow from issuance of long-term debt classified as other.
        label: Proceeds from Issuance of Other Long-term Debt
        terseLabel: Proceeds from Issuance of Other Long-term Debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromIssuanceOfOtherLongTermDebt
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfLongTermDebtInstrumentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfShortTermDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r160
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The net cash inflow or outflow for borrowing having initial term of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Proceeds from (Repayments of) Short-term Debt
        terseLabel: Net increase (decrease) in short-term debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfShortTermDebt
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfIntangibleAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r125
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow from disposal of asset without physical form usually arising from contractual or other legal rights, excluding goodwill.
        label: Proceeds from Sale of Intangible Assets
        terseLabel: Proceeds from sale of intangible assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromSaleOfIntangibleAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r125
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived, physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.
        label: Proceeds from Sale of Property, Plant, and Equipment
        terseLabel: Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment and other long-lived assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised: {
     auth_ref: [
      r128
      r437
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 8.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow from exercise of stock options granted under share-based compensation arrangement.
        label: Proceeds from Stock Options Exercised
        terseLabel: Exercise of stock options
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProfitLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r101
      r104
      r134
      r216
      r223
      r512
      r515
      r517
      r522
      r523
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The consolidated profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
        label: Net Income (Loss), Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest
        terseLabel: Net income including noncontrolling interest
        totalLabel: Net income including noncontrolling interest
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProfitLoss
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r60
      r282
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of long-lived, physical assets used to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Property, Plant and Equipment, Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesComputerSoftwareDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r59
      r280
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include, but are not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, and furniture and fixtures.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Gross
        totalLabel: Property, plant and equipment, gross
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesComputerSoftwareDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r31
      r32
      r282
      r631
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include, but are not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, and furniture and fixtures.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Net
        terseLabel: Property, plant and equipment, net
        totalLabel: Property, plant and equipment, net
        verboseLabel: Long-lived assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSegmentInformationByGeographyDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r58
      r149
      r282
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived, physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes, but is not limited to, basis of assets, depreciation and depletion methods used, including composite deprecation, estimated useful lives, capitalization policy, accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance, capitalized interest and the method it is calculated, disposals and impairments.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Property, Plant and Equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r31
      r280
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Listing of long-lived, physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land, buildings, machinery and equipment, and other types of furniture and equipment including, but not limited to, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment and software.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Type [Domain]
        terseLabel: Property, Plant and Equipment, Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesComputerSoftwareDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Useful life of long lived, physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days. Examples include, but not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Useful Life
        terseLabel: Property, plant and equipment, useful life
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesComputerSoftwareDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Quarterly Financial Information Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r192
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for quarterly financial data. Includes, but is not limited to, tabular presentation of financial information for fiscal quarters, effect of year-end adjustments, and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability of the information.
        label: Quarterly Financial Information [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Quarterly Data (Unaudited)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/QuarterlyDataUnaudited
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ReconciliationOfOtherSignificantReconcilingItemsFromSegmentsToConsolidatedTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r218
      r220
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of each significant reconciling item, other than profit (loss), revenues, or assets, in the reconciliation of totals of such items in reportable segments to the entity's corresponding consolidated amount.
        label: Reconciliation of Other Significant Reconciling Items from Segments to Consolidated [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Depreciation and Amortization Expense Included within Segment Income
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ReconciliationOfOtherSignificantReconcilingItemsFromSegmentsToConsolidatedTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsExcludingAmountsPertainingToExaminedTaxReturnsRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Reconciliation of Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Excluding Amounts Pertaining to Examined Tax Returns [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Reconciliation of Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Excluding Amounts Pertaining to Examined Tax Returns [Roll Forward]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsExcludingAmountsPertainingToExaminedTaxReturnsRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RepaymentsOfDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r131
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow during the period from the repayment of aggregate short-term and long-term debt. Excludes payment of capital lease obligations.
        label: Repayments of Debt
        terseLabel: Repayments of Debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RepaymentsOfDebt
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtLongTermDebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtScheduleOfLongTermDebtInstrumentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r131
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow for debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Repayments of Long-term Debt
        negatedTerseLabel: Repayment of long-term debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r446
      r644
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service, a new process or technique, or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use, during the reporting period charged to research and development projects, including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility, and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.
        label: Research and Development Expense
        terseLabel: Research and development costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesSellingMarketingAndAdministrativeExpenseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Restructuring and Related Activities [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostCostIncurredToDate1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r291
      r294
      r301
      r305
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of costs incurred to date for the specified restructuring cost.
        label: Restructuring and Related Cost, Cost Incurred to Date
        terseLabel: Restructuring and Related Cost, Cost Incurred to Date
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringAndRelatedCostCostIncurredToDate1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesBusinessRealignmentActivitiesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r291
      r294
      r301
      r305
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount expected to be recognized in earnings for the specified restructuring cost.
        label: Restructuring and Related Cost, Expected Cost
        terseLabel: Restructuring and related cost, expected cost
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesBusinessRealignmentActivitiesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedNumberOfPositionsEliminated: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The expected number of positions to be eliminated as a result of restructuring activities.
        label: Restructuring and Related Cost, Expected Number of Positions Eliminated
        terseLabel: Restructuring and Related Cost, Expected Number of Positions Eliminated
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedNumberOfPositionsEliminated
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesBusinessRealignmentActivitiesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringCharges: {
     auth_ref: [
      r140
      r290
      r297
      r303
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expenses associated with exit or disposal activities pursuant to an authorized plan. Excludes expenses related to a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.
        label: Restructuring Charges
        terseLabel: Business realignment costs
        verboseLabel: Costs associated with business realignment activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringCharges
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesBusinessRealignmentActivitiesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesScheduleOfBusinessRealignmentActivityDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfNetSalesAndEarningsBySegmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringChargesMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r293
      r297
      r304
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption in which the reported facts about restructuring charges have been included.
        label: Restructuring Charges [Member]
        terseLabel: Business realignment charges
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringChargesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesBusinessRealignmentActivitiesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesScheduleOfBusinessRealignmentActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of restructuring cost.
        label: Restructuring Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Restructuring Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesBusinessRealignmentActivitiesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesScheduleOfBusinessRealignmentActivityDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesScheduleOfLiabilityActivityForCostsQualifyingAsExitAndDisposalCostsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Restructuring Cost and Reserve [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Restructuring Cost and Reserve [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesBusinessRealignmentActivitiesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesScheduleOfBusinessRealignmentActivityDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesScheduleOfLiabilityActivityForCostsQualifyingAsExitAndDisposalCostsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringCostsAndAssetImpairmentCharges: {
     auth_ref: [
      r140
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after cash payment, of expenses associated with exit or disposal activities pursuant to an authorized plan and expenses resulting from the write-down of assets. Excludes expenses related to a business combination, a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.
        label: Restructuring Costs and Asset Impairment Charges
        terseLabel: Impairment of long-lived and intangible assets (see Notes 3 and 7)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringCostsAndAssetImpairmentCharges
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringImpairmentAndOtherActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure of costs incurred for restructuring including, but not limited to, exit and disposal activities, remediation, implementation, integration, asset impairment, and charges against earnings from the write-down of assets.
        label: Restructuring, Impairment, and Other Activities Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Business Realignment Activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringImpairmentAndOtherActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivities
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by individual restructuring plan.
        label: Restructuring Plan [Axis]
        terseLabel: Restructuring Plan [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringPlanAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesBusinessRealignmentActivitiesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesScheduleOfBusinessRealignmentActivityDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsFairValueMeasurementsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringPlanDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Identification of the individual restructuring plans.
        label: Restructuring Plan [Domain]
        terseLabel: Restructuring Plan [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringPlanDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesBusinessRealignmentActivitiesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesScheduleOfBusinessRealignmentActivityDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsFairValueMeasurementsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringReserve: {
     auth_ref: [
      r292
      r299
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount (including both current and noncurrent portions of the accrual) as of the balance sheet date pertaining to a specified type of cost associated with exit from or disposal of business activities or restructuring pursuant to a duly authorized plan.
        label: Restructuring Reserve
        periodEndLabel: Liability balance at December 31, 2018
        periodStartLabel: Liability balance at December 31, 2017
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringReserve
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesScheduleOfLiabilityActivityForCostsQualifyingAsExitAndDisposalCostsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringReserveAccrualAdjustment1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r290
      r298
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expense (reversal of expense) which increases (decreases) the restructuring reserve from an adjustment to a previously accrued restructuring liability.
        label: Restructuring Reserve, Accrual Adjustment
        terseLabel: Other, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringReserveAccrualAdjustment1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesScheduleOfLiabilityActivityForCostsQualifyingAsExitAndDisposalCostsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringReserveRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Restructuring Reserve [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Restructuring Reserve [Roll Forward]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringReserveRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesScheduleOfLiabilityActivityForCostsQualifyingAsExitAndDisposalCostsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r47
      r329
      r627
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit.
        label: Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit)
        terseLabel: Retained earnings
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit.
        label: Retained Earnings [Member]
        terseLabel: Retained Earnings
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RetainedEarningsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesRecentAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RetirementPlanFundingStatusAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r383
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by status of funding for defined benefit plan designed to provide retirement benefits.
        label: Retirement Plan Funding Status [Axis]
        terseLabel: Retirement Plan Funding Status [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RetirementPlanFundingStatusAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansPensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RetirementPlanFundingStatusDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r383
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Status of funding for defined benefit plan designed to provide retirement benefits.
        label: Retirement Plan Funding Status [Domain]
        terseLabel: Retirement Plan Funding Status [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RetirementPlanFundingStatusDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansPensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RetirementPlanNameAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r383
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by name of plan designed to provide retirement benefits. Includes, but is not limited to, legal name of defined benefit and defined contribution plans.
        label: Retirement Plan Name [Axis]
        terseLabel: Retirement Plan Name [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RetirementPlanNameAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansPensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RetirementPlanNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r383
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of plan designed to provide retirement benefits. Includes, but is not limited to, legal name of defined benefit and defined contribution plans.
        label: Retirement Plan Name [Domain]
        terseLabel: Retirement Plan Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RetirementPlanNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansPensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r340
      r341
      r382
      r383
      r399
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of retirement benefit plan. Includes, but is not limited to, retirement benefit arrangement for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans, retirement benefit arrangement for defined contribution pension and other postretirement plans, and special and contractual termination benefits payable upon retirement.
        label: Retirement Plan Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Retirement Plan Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RetirementPlanTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansPensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfAmountsExpectedToBeAmortizedFromAociIntoNetPeriodicBenefitDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfComponentsOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsToBePaidDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsWithinFairValueHierarchyDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPlanAssetsAcrossAssetClassesDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInComputingBenefitObligationsDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInComputingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r340
      r341
      r382
      r383
      r399
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Type of plan designed to provide participants with retirement benefits. Includes, but is not limited to, retirement benefit arrangement for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans, retirement benefit arrangement for defined contribution pension and other postretirement plans, and special and contractual termination benefits payable upon retirement.
        label: Retirement Plan Type [Domain]
        terseLabel: Retirement Plan Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RetirementPlanTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansPensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfAmountsExpectedToBeAmortizedFromAociIntoNetPeriodicBenefitDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfComponentsOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsToBePaidDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsWithinFairValueHierarchyDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPlanAssetsAcrossAssetClassesDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInComputingBenefitObligationsDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInComputingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Revenue Recognition [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevenueRecognitionAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r148
      r149
      r150
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions, the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example, delivery of multiple products, services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
        label: Revenue Recognition, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Revenue Recognition
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_Revenues: {
     auth_ref: [
      r114
      r210
      r211
      r221
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold, services rendered, insurance premiums, or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes, but is not limited to, investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue, and sales and trading gain (loss).
        label: Revenues
        terseLabel: Net sales
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Revenues
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfNetSalesAndEarningsBySegmentDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSegmentInformationByGeographyDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationScheduleOfAdditionalProductLineSalesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Revenues from External Customers and Long-Lived Assets [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Revenues from External Customers and Long-Lived Assets [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSegmentInformationByGeographyDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Arrangement in which loan proceeds can continuously be obtained following repayments, but the total amount borrowed cannot exceed a specified maximum amount.
        label: Revolving Credit Facility [Member]
        terseLabel: Revolving Credit Facility
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevolvingCreditFacilityMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtShortTermDebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNetMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business, after deducting returns, allowances and discounts, when it serves as a benchmark in a concentration of risk calculation.
        label: Sales Revenue, Goods, Net [Member]
        terseLabel: Sales Revenue, Goods, Net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SalesRevenueGoodsNetMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesRevenueRecognitionDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScenarioForecastMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The reporting scenario used to indicate financial results forecast for a future period.
        label: Scenario, Forecast [Member]
        terseLabel: Scenario, Forecast
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScenarioForecastMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesCommitmentsAndContingenciesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansPensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScenarioUnspecifiedDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Any scenario, that is, the particular reporting scenario is left unspecified. Scenarios distinguish among different kinds of business reporting facts, as for example actual versus budgeted figures.
        label: Scenario, Unspecified [Domain]
        terseLabel: Scenario, Unspecified [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScenarioUnspecifiedDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsRippleBrandCollectiveLlcAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesCommitmentsAndContingenciesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansPensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfFairValueOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r385
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of accumulated benefit obligations and fair values of plan assets of pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans where the accumulated benefit obligation exceeds the fair value of plan assets.
        label: Schedule of Accumulated Benefit Obligations in Excess of Fair Value of Plan Assets [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Accumulated Benefit Obligations in Excess of Plan Assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfFairValueOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAllocationOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r359
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the major categories of plan assets of pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans.  This information may include, but is not limited to, the target allocation of plan assets, the fair value of each major category of plan assets, and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall.
        label: Schedule of Allocation of Plan Assets [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Allocation of Plan Assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfAllocationOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAmountsInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossToBeRecognizedOverNextFiscalYearTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r381
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the amounts related to pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) expected to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year, including the net gain (loss), net prior service cost or credit, and net transition asset or obligation.
        label: Schedule of Amounts in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) to be Recognized over Next Fiscal Year [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Amounts in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) to be Recognized over Next Fiscal Year
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfAmountsInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossToBeRecognizedOverNextFiscalYearTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r183
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule for securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because to do so would increase EPS amounts or decrease loss per share amounts for the period presented, by Antidilutive Securities.
        label: Schedule of Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EarningsPerShareEarningsPerShareNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r374
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the assumptions used to determine for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans the benefit obligation and net benefit cost, including assumed discount rates, rate increase in compensation increase, and expected long-term rates of return on plan assets.
        label: Schedule of Assumptions Used [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Weighted-Average Assumptions Used in Computing the Benefit Obligation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfBusinessAcquisitionsByAcquisitionTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r489
      r490
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule reflecting each material business combination (or series of individually immaterial business combinations) completed during the period, including background, timing, and recognized assets and liabilities.
        label: Schedule of Business Acquisitions, by Acquisition [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Business Acquisitions, by Acquisition [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfBusinessAcquisitionsByAcquisitionTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsRippleBrandCollectiveLlcAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsRippleBrandCollectiveLlcNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsShanghaiGoldenMonkeyNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsTables
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfCarryingValuesAndEstimatedFairValuesOfDebtInstrumentsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to carrying amount and estimated fair value of short-term and long-term debt instruments or arrangements, including but not limited to, identification of terms, features, and collateral requirements.
        label: Schedule of Carrying Values and Estimated Fair Values of Debt Instruments [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Fair Values and Carrying Values of Long-Term Debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfCarryingValuesAndEstimatedFairValuesOfDebtInstrumentsTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsFairValueMeasurementsTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfCommonStockOutstandingRollForwardTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the change in common stock outstanding.
        label: Schedule of Common Stock Outstanding Roll Forward [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of the Changes in the Outstanding Shares of Common Stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfCommonStockOutstandingRollForwardTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfCompensationCostForShareBasedPaymentArrangementsAllocationOfShareBasedCompensationCostsByPlanTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r432
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the amount of total share-based compensation cost, including the amounts attributable to each share-based compensation plan and any related tax benefits.
        label: Schedule of Compensation Cost for Share-based Payment Arrangements, Allocation of Share-based Compensation Costs by Plan [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Stock Compensation Costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfCompensationCostForShareBasedPaymentArrangementsAllocationOfShareBasedCompensationCostsByPlanTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r477
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including, but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit), deferred tax expense (benefit), investment tax credits, government grants, the benefits of operating loss carryforwards, tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity, adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity, and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
        label: Schedule of Components of Income Tax Expense (Benefit) [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Components of Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r71
      r154
      r323
      r326
      r327
      r328
      r582
      r583
      r585
      r617
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of long-debt instruments or arrangements, including identification, terms, features, collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the entity, if longer.
        label: Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r472
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position, including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities, the total of all deferred tax assets, the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
        label: Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Deferred Tax Asset and Liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r382
      r383
      r386
      r387
      r396
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosures about an individual defined benefit pension plan or an other postretirement defined benefit plan. It may be appropriate to group certain similar plans.  Also includes schedule for fair value of plan assets by major categories of plan assets by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall, segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1), Significant other observable inputs (Level 2), and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).
        label: Schedule of Defined Benefit Plans Disclosures [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Defined Benefit Plans Disclosures [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansPensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfAmountsExpectedToBeAmortizedFromAociIntoNetPeriodicBenefitDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfComponentsOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfDefinedBenefitObligationsPlanAssetsAndFundedStatusDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsToBePaidDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsWithinFairValueHierarchyDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPlanAssetsAcrossAssetClassesDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInComputingBenefitObligationsDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInComputingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r382
      r383
      r386
      r387
      r396
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of one or more of the entity's defined benefit pension plans or one or more other defined benefit postretirement plans, separately for pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans including the entity's schedule of fair value of plan assets for defined benefit or other postretirement plans.
        label: Schedule of Defined Benefit Plans Disclosures [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Defined Benefit Obligations, Plan Assets, and Funded Status
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsGainLossInStatementOfFinancialPerformanceTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r533
      r540
      r547
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the location and amount of derivative instruments and nonderivative instruments designated as hedging instruments reported before netting adjustments, and the amount of gain (loss) on derivative instruments and nonderivative instruments designated and qualified as hedging instruments.
        label: Derivative Instruments, Gain (Loss) [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of the Effect of Derivative Instruments on the Consolidated Statements of Income
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsGainLossInStatementOfFinancialPerformanceTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsInStatementOfFinancialPositionFairValueTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r536
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the location and fair value amounts of derivative instruments (and nonderivative instruments that are designated and qualify as hedging instruments) reported in the statement of financial position.
        label: Schedule of Derivative Instruments in Statement of Financial Position, Fair Value [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of the Classification of Derivative Assets and Liabilities within the Consolidated Balance Sheets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsInStatementOfFinancialPositionFairValueTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DerivativeInstrumentsTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsIncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r1
      r3
      r4
      r5
      r6
      r7
      r8
      r10
      r12
      r13
      r14
      r287
      r288
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of information related to a disposal group. Includes, but is not limited to, a discontinued operation, disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.
        label: Disposal Groups, Including Discontinued Operations [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsIncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r184
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations, including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.
        label: Schedule of Earnings Per Share, Basic and Diluted [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EarningsPerShareTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicByCommonClassTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r171
      r173
      r182
      r185
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The table contains disclosure pertaining to an entity's basic earnings per share.
        label: Schedule of Earnings Per Share, Basic, by Common Class, Including Two Class Method [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Earnings Per Share, Basic, by Common Class, Including Two Class Method [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicByCommonClassTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectOfOnePercentagePointChangeInAssumedHealthCareCostTrendRatesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r379
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the effect of a one-percentage-point increase and the effect of a one-percentage-point decrease in the assumed health care cost trend rates on the aggregate of the service and interest cost components of net periodic postretirement health care benefit costs and the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation for health care benefits.
        label: Schedule of Effect of One-Percentage-Point Change in Assumed Health Care Cost Trend Rates [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Effect of One-Percentage-Point Change in Assumed Health Care Cost Trend Rates
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfEffectOfOnePercentagePointChangeInAssumedHealthCareCostTrendRatesTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r455
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the reconciliation using percentage or dollar amounts of the reported amount of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for the year to the amount of income tax expense that would result from applying domestic federal statutory tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations.
        label: Schedule of Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomersByProductsAndServicesTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r225
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of entity-wide revenues from external customers for each product or service or each group of similar products or services if the information is not provided as part of the reportable operating segment information.
        label: Revenue from External Customers by Products and Services [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Revenue from External Customers by Products and Services
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfEntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomersByProductsAndServicesTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEntityWideRevenueByMajorCustomersByReportingSegmentsTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r227
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure about the extent of the entity's reliance on its major customers.
        label: Schedule of Revenue by Major Customers, by Reporting Segments [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Revenue by Major Customers, by Reporting Segments [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfEntityWideRevenueByMajorCustomersByReportingSegmentsTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAccountsReceivableTradeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r364
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of benefits expected to be paid by pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans in each of the next five fiscal years and in the aggregate for the five fiscal years thereafter.
        label: Schedule of Expected Benefit Payments [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Expected Benefit Payments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r262
      r267
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life.
        label: Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfGrossCarryingAmountAndAccumulatedAmortizationForEachMajorClassOfIntangibleAssetDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r262
      r267
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life, by either major class or business segment.
        label: Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Gross Carrying Amount and Accumulated Amortization for Each Major Class of Intangible Asset
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsForCapitalLeasesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r588
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of future minimum lease payments as of the date of the latest balance sheet presented, in aggregate and for each of the five years succeeding fiscal years, with separate deductions from the total for the amount representing executor costs, including any profit thereon, included in the minimum lease payments and for the amount of the imputed interest necessary to reduce the net minimum lease payments to present value.
        label: Schedule of Future Minimum Lease Payments for Capital Leases [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Future Minimum Lease Payments for Capital Leases
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsForCapitalLeasesTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfGoodwillTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r257
      r259
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of goodwill and the changes during the year due to acquisition, sale, impairment or for other reasons.
        label: Schedule of Goodwill [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Goodwill [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfGoodwillTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfChangesInCarryingValueOfGoodwillByReportableSegmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r257
      r259
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of goodwill by reportable segment and in total which includes a rollforward schedule.
        label: Schedule of Goodwill [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of the Changes in the Carrying Value of Goodwill by Reportable Segment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r155
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of income before income tax between domestic and foreign jurisdictions.
        label: Schedule of Income before Income Tax, Domestic and Foreign [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Income (Loss) Before Income Taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r313
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the combined aggregate amount of maturities and sinking fund requirements for all long-term borrowings for each of the five years following the date of the latest balance sheet date presented.
        label: Schedule of Maturities of Long-term Debt [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Maturities of Long-term Debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetBenefitCostsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r365
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of net benefit costs for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans including service cost, interest cost, expected return on plan assets, gain (loss), prior service cost or credit, transition asset or obligation, and gain (loss) recognized due to settlements or curtailments.
        label: Schedule of Net Benefit Costs [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Components of Net Periodic Benefit Cost
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfNetBenefitCostsTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfNewAccountingPronouncementsAndChangesInAccountingPrinciplesTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r165
      r167
      r168
      r187
      r188
      r191
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of changes in accounting principles, including adoption of new accounting pronouncements, that describes the new methods, amount and effects on financial statement line items.
        label: Schedule of New Accounting Pronouncements and Changes in Accounting Principles [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of New Accounting Pronouncements Changes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfNewAccountingPronouncementsAndChangesInAccountingPrinciplesTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfOtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of non-operating income or non-operating expense that may include amounts earned from dividends, interest on securities, gains (losses) on securities sold, equity earnings of unconsolidated affiliates, net gain (loss) on sales of business, interest expense and other miscellaneous income or expense items.
        label: Schedule of Other Nonoperating Income (Expense) [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Other (Income) Expense, Net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfOtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/OtherIncomeExpenseNetOtherIncomeExpenseNet
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r60
      r282
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes, but is not limited to, balances by class of assets, depreciation and depletion expense and method used, including composite depreciation, and accumulated deprecation.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment [Table]
        terseLabel: Property, Plant and Equipment [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesComputerSoftwareDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r190
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of quarterly financial data. Includes, but is not limited to, financial information for fiscal quarters, cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.
        label: Quarterly Financial Information [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Quarterly Financial Information
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/QuarterlyDataTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r493
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the amounts recognized as of the acquisition date for each major class of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. May include but not limited to the following: (a) acquired receivables; (b) contingencies recognized at the acquisition date; and (c) the fair value of noncontrolling interests in the acquiree.
        label: Schedule of Recognized Identified Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Purchase Consideration Allocation to Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r295
      r296
      r300
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Table presenting the description of the restructuring costs, such as the expected cost; the costs incurred during the period; the cumulative costs incurred as of the balance sheet date; the income statement caption within which the restructuring charges recognized for the period are included; and the amount of and periodic changes to an entity's restructuring reserve that occurred during the period associated with the exit from or disposal of business activities or restructurings for each major type of cost by type of restructuring.
        label: Schedule of Restructuring and Related Costs [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Restructuring and Related Costs [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesBusinessRealignmentActivitiesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesScheduleOfBusinessRealignmentActivityDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesScheduleOfLiabilityActivityForCostsQualifyingAsExitAndDisposalCostsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r295
      r296
      r300
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of costs incurred for restructuring including, but not limited to, exit and disposal activities, remediation, implementation, integration, asset impairment, and charges against earnings from the write-down of assets.
        label: Restructuring and Related Costs [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Business Realignment Activity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestructuringReserveByTypeOfCostTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r292
      r302
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of an entity's restructuring reserve that occurred during the period associated with the exit from or disposal of business activities or restructurings for each major type of cost. This element may also include a description of any reversal and other adjustment made during the period to the amount of an accrued liability for restructuring activities. This element may be used to encapsulate the roll forward presentations of an entity's restructuring reserve by type of cost and in total, and explanation of changes that occurred in the period.
        label: Schedule of Restructuring Reserve by Type of Cost [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Liability Activity for Costs Qualifying as Exit and Disposal Costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfRestructuringReserveByTypeOfCostTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsByGeographicalAreasTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r114
      r226
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of information concerning material long-lived assets (excluding financial instruments, customer relationships with financial institutions, mortgage and other servicing rights, deferred policy acquisition costs, and deferred taxes assets) located in identified geographic areas and/or the amount of revenue from external customers attributed to that country from which revenue is material.  An entity may also provide subtotals of geographic information about groups of countries.
        label: Schedule of Revenue from External Customers and Long-Lived Assets, by Geographical Areas [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Segment Information by Geography
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsByGeographicalAreasTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r108
      r110
      r226
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of material long-lived assets (excluding financial instruments, customer relationships with financial institutions, mortgage and other servicing rights, deferred policy acquisition costs, and deferred taxes assets) located in identified geographic areas and/or the amount of revenue from external customers attributed to that country from which revenue is material.  An entity may also provide subtotals of geographic information about groups of countries.
        label: Schedule of Revenues from External Customers and Long-Lived Assets [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Revenues from External Customers and Long-Lived Assets [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfSegmentInformationByGeographyDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r209
      r216
      r217
      r219
      r257
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A table disclosing the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment of the entity. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker, even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.
        label: Schedule of Segment Reporting Information, by Segment [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Segment Reporting Information, by Segment [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfDepreciationAndAmortizationExpenseIncludedWithinSegmentIncomeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfNetSalesAndEarningsBySegmentDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationScheduleOfAdditionalProductLineSalesDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationScheduleOfUnallocatedMarkToMarketGainsLossesOnCommodityDerivativesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r209
      r216
      r217
      r219
      r257
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker, even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.
        label: Schedule of Segment Reporting Information, by Segment [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Net Sales and Earnings by Segment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r404
      r436
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Components of an equity-based arrangement under which compensation is awarded to employees, typically comprised of compensation expense; changes in the quantity and fair value of the shares (or other type of equity) granted, exercised, forfeited, and issued and outstanding pertaining to that plan; and cash flow effects resulting from the equity-based payment arrangement. Component disclosures are by type of award and plan name.
        label: Schedule of Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfPsusAndRsusActivityDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfPsusAndRsusFairValueWeightedAverageAssumptionsDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansStockCompensationPlansNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r436
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Details comprising a table providing supplementary information on outstanding and exercisable share awards as of the balance sheet date which stratifies outstanding options by ranges of exercise prices.
        label: Schedule of Share-based Compensation, Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans, by Exercise Price Range [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Share-based Compensation, Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans, by Exercise Price Range [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfStockOptionInformationByExercisePriceRangeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r436
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of option exercise prices, by grouped ranges, including the upper and lower limits of the price range, the number of shares under option, weighted average exercise price and remaining contractual option terms.
        label: Schedule of Share-based Compensation, Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans, by Exercise Price Range [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Outstanding Stock Options
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r409
      r420
      r423
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure for stock option plans. Includes, but is not limited to, outstanding awards at beginning and end of year, grants, exercises, forfeitures, and weighted-average grant date fair value.
        label: Share-based Compensation, Stock Options, Activity [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Activity Relating to the Grants of Stock Options
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r426
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options, including, but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments, (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares, (c) expected dividends, (d) risk-free rate(s), and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.
        label: Schedule of Share-based Payment Award, Stock Options, Valuation Assumptions [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Fair Value Estimated on the Grant Date and the Weighted Average Assumptions
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfStockByClassTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r73
      r153
      r319
      r320
      r321
      r323
      r324
      r325
      r326
      r327
      r328
      r329
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule detailing information related to equity by class of stock. Class of stock includes common, convertible, and preferred stocks which are not redeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. It also includes preferred stock with redemption features that are solely within the control of the issuer and mandatorily redeemable stock if redemption is required to occur only upon liquidation or termination of the reporting entity.
        label: Schedule of Stock by Class [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Stock by Class [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfStockByClassTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestEquityAndNoncontrollingInterestNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestScheduleOfChangesInOutstandingSharesOfCommmonStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfStockholdersEquityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r322
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of changes in the separate accounts comprising stockholders' equity (in addition to retained earnings) and of the changes in the number of shares of equity securities during at least the most recent annual fiscal period and any subsequent interim period presented is required to make the financial statements sufficiently informative if both financial position and results of operations are presented.
        label: Schedule of Stockholders Equity [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Activity Relating to the Noncontrolling Interest
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfStockholdersEquityTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r466
      r478
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the change in unrecognized tax benefits.
        label: Schedule of Unrecognized Tax Benefits Roll Forward [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Unrecognized Tax Benefits Roll Forward
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r267
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the amount of amortization expense expected to be recorded in succeeding fiscal years for finite-lived intangible assets.
        label: Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Future Amortization Expense [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Amortization Expense, for the Next Five Years
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SegmentDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Components of an entity that engage in business activities from which they may earn revenue and incur expenses, including transactions with other components of the same entity.
        label: Segments [Domain]
        terseLabel: Segments [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SegmentDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesBusinessRealignmentActivitiesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfChangesInCarryingValueOfGoodwillByReportableSegmentDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfDepreciationAndAmortizationExpenseIncludedWithinSegmentIncomeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfNetSalesAndEarningsBySegmentDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationScheduleOfUnallocatedMarkToMarketGainsLossesOnCommodityDerivativesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Segment Reporting [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SegmentReportingAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r228
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue, including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue, internal and external, of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater, in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.
        label: Segment Reporting Disclosure [Text Block]
        verboseLabel: Segment Information
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Segment Reporting Information [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Segment Reporting Information [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SegmentReportingInformationLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfDepreciationAndAmortizationExpenseIncludedWithinSegmentIncomeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfNetSalesAndEarningsBySegmentDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationScheduleOfAdditionalProductLineSalesDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationScheduleOfUnallocatedMarkToMarketGainsLossesOnCommodityDerivativesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r119
      r241
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services, as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example, credit, warranty, and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products, for example telephone expenses, Internet, and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel, rent, utilities, communication, etc.
        label: Selling, General and Administrative Expense
        negatedTerseLabel: Selling, General and Administrative Expense
        terseLabel: Selling, marketing and administrative expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesRecentAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r123
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing selling, general and administrative expense.
        label: Selling, General and Administrative Expenses [Member]
        terseLabel: Selling, marketing and administrative
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesScheduleOfBusinessRealignmentActivityDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r149
      r443
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for inclusion of significant items in the selling, general and administrative (or similar) expense report caption.
        label: Selling, General and Administrative Expenses, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Selling, Marketing and Administrative Expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r139
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate amount of noncash, equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options, amortization of restricted stock or units, and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash, this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
        label: Share-based Compensation
        terseLabel: Stock-based compensation expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r405
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Period which an employee's right to exercise an award is no longer contingent on satisfaction of either a service condition, market condition or a performance condition, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Award Vesting Period
        terseLabel: Share-based compensation arrangement by share-based payment award, award vesting period
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansStockCompensationPlansNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r414
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of equity-based payment instruments, excluding stock (or unit) options, that were forfeited during the reporting period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Forfeited in Period
        negatedTerseLabel: Forfeited (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfPsusAndRsusActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r418
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average fair value as of the grant date of equity-based award plans other than stock (unit) option plans that were not exercised or put into effect as a result of the occurrence of a terminating event.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Forfeitures, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        terseLabel: Forfeited (USD per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfPsusAndRsusActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r416
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example, phantom stock or unit plan, stock or unit appreciation rights plan, performance target plan).
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Grants in Period
        terseLabel: Granted (shares)
        verboseLabel: Units granted (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfPsusAndRsusActivityDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfPsusAndRsusFairValueWeightedAverageAssumptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r416
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example, phantom stock or unit plan, stock or unit appreciation rights plan, performance target plan).
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Grants in Period, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        verboseLabel: Weighted-average fair value at date of grant (USD per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfPsusAndRsusActivityDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfPsusAndRsusFairValueWeightedAverageAssumptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r415
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments, excluding stock (or unit) options, that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Nonvested, Number
        periodEndLabel: Outstanding at end of year (shares)
        periodStartLabel: Outstanding at beginning of year (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfPsusAndRsusActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r415
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted average fair value of nonvested awards on equity-based plans excluding option plans (for example, phantom stock or unit plan, stock or unit appreciation rights plan, revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Nonvested, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        periodEndLabel: Outstanding at end of year (USD per share)
        periodStartLabel: Outstanding at beginning of year (USD per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfPsusAndRsusActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Nonvested, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Nonvested, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfPsusAndRsusActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r417
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of equity-based payment instruments, excluding stock (or unit) options, that vested during the reporting period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Vested in Period
        negatedTerseLabel: Vested (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfPsusAndRsusActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r417
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period, by satisfying service and performance requirements, to receive or retain shares or units, other instruments, or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Vested in Period, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        terseLabel: Vested (USD per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfPsusAndRsusActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r429
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The estimated dividend rate (a percentage of the share price) to be paid (expected dividends) to holders of the underlying shares over the option's term.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Dividend Rate
        terseLabel: Dividend yields
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfFairValueWeightedAverageAssumptionsDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfPsusAndRsusFairValueWeightedAverageAssumptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r428
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends, if any, over the period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Volatility Rate
        terseLabel: Expected volatility
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfPsusAndRsusFairValueWeightedAverageAssumptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r430
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The risk-free interest rate assumption that is used in valuing an option on its own shares.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Risk Free Interest Rate
        terseLabel: Risk-free interest rates
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfFairValueWeightedAverageAssumptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageVolatilityRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r428
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average expected volatility rate of share-based compensation awards.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Weighted Average Volatility Rate
        terseLabel: Expected volatility
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageVolatilityRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfFairValueWeightedAverageAssumptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfPsusAndRsusActivityDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfPsusAndRsusFairValueWeightedAverageAssumptionsDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansStockCompensationPlansNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Non-Option Equity Instruments, Outstanding [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Non-Option Equity Instruments, Outstanding [Roll Forward]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfPsusAndRsusActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r407
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) originally approved (usually by shareholders and board of directors), net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments, for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants, the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested).
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Number of Shares Authorized
        terseLabel: Share-based compensation arrangement by share-based payment award, number of shares authorized (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansStockCompensationPlansNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r412
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of shares into which fully or partially vested stock options outstanding as of the balance sheet date can be currently converted under the option plan.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercisable, Number
        terseLabel: Options exercisable as of December 31, 2018 (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: [
      r412
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted-average price as of the balance sheet date at which grantees can acquire the shares reserved for issuance on vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable under the stock option plan.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercisable, Weighted Average Exercise Price
        terseLabel: Options exercisable (USD per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r422
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of accumulated difference between fair value of underlying shares on dates of exercise and exercise price on options exercised (or share units converted) into shares.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercises in Period, Intrinsic Value
        terseLabel: Intrinsic value of options exercised (in millions of dollars)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansStockCompensationPlansNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r414
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of shares under options that were cancelled during the reporting period as a result of occurrence of a terminating event specified in contractual agreements pertaining to the stock option plan.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Forfeitures in Period
        negatedTerseLabel: Forfeited (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Gross number of share options (or share units) granted during the period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Grants in Period, Gross
        terseLabel: Granted (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r421
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted average grant-date fair value of options granted during the reporting period as calculated by applying the disclosed option pricing methodology.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Grants in Period, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        terseLabel: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Grants in Period, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansStockCompensationPlansNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r436
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount by which the current fair value of the underlying stock exceeds the exercise price of options outstanding.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Intrinsic Value
        terseLabel: Aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r411
      r436
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of options outstanding, including both vested and non-vested options.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Number
        periodEndLabel: Outstanding as of December 31, 2018 (shares)
        periodStartLabel: Outstanding shares at beginning of year (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding [Roll Forward]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: [
      r410
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average price at which grantees can acquire the shares reserved for issuance under the stock option plan.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Weighted Average Exercise Price
        periodEndLabel: Outstanding (USD per share)
        periodStartLabel: Outstanding (USD per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceRollforward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Weighted Average Exercise Price [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Weighted Average Exercise Price [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceRollforward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardTypeAndPlanNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r402
      r408
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Equity-based compensation award.
        label: Equity Award [Domain]
        terseLabel: Equity Award [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardTypeAndPlanNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestEquityAndNoncontrollingInterestNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestScheduleOfChangesInOutstandingSharesOfCommmonStockDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfPsusAndRsusActivityDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfPsusAndRsusFairValueWeightedAverageAssumptionsDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansStockCompensationPlansNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average price at which option holders acquired shares when converting their stock options into shares.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercises in Period, Weighted Average Exercise Price
        terseLabel: Exercises (USD per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average price at which grantees could have acquired the underlying shares with respect to stock options that were terminated.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Forfeitures in Period, Weighted Average Exercise Price
        terseLabel: Forfeited (USD per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average per share amount at which grantees can acquire shares of common stock by exercise of options.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Grants in Period, Weighted Average Exercise Price
        terseLabel: Granted (USD per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r425
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by range of option prices pertaining to options granted.
        label: Exercise Price Range [Axis]
        terseLabel: Exercise Price Range [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfStockOptionInformationByExercisePriceRangeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r431
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Supplementary information on outstanding and exercisable share awards as of the balance sheet date which stratifies outstanding options by ranges of exercise prices.
        label: Share-based Compensation, Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans, Exercise Price Range [Domain]
        terseLabel: Share-based Compensation, Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans, Exercise Price Range [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfStockOptionInformationByExercisePriceRangeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Share-based Compensation, Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans, Exercise Price Range [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Share-based Compensation, Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans, Exercise Price Range [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfStockOptionInformationByExercisePriceRangeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r431
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The floor of a customized range of exercise prices for purposes of disclosing shares potentially issuable under outstanding stock option awards on all stock option plans and other required information pertaining to awards in the customized range.
        label: Share-based Compensation, Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans, Exercise Price Range, Lower Range Limit
        terseLabel: Share-based Compensation, Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans, Exercise Price Range, Lower Range Limit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfStockOptionInformationByExercisePriceRangeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfExercisableOptions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r419
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of shares reserved for issuance pertaining to the outstanding exercisable stock options as of the balance sheet date in the customized range of exercise prices for which the market and performance vesting condition has been satisfied.
        label: Share-based Compensation, Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans, Exercise Price Range, Number of Exercisable Options
        terseLabel: Number Exercisable as of 12/31/18 (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfExercisableOptions
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfStockOptionInformationByExercisePriceRangeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r411
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of shares reserved for issuance pertaining to the outstanding stock options as of the balance sheet date for all option plans in the customized range of exercise prices.
        label: Share-based Compensation, Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans, Exercise Price Range, Number of Outstanding Options
        terseLabel: Number Outstanding as of 12/31/18 (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfStockOptionInformationByExercisePriceRangeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r431
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The ceiling of a customized range of exercise prices for purposes of disclosing shares potentially issuable under outstanding stock option awards on all stock option plans and other required information pertaining to awards in the customized range.
        label: Share-based Compensation, Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans, Exercise Price Range, Upper Range Limit
        terseLabel: Share-based Compensation, Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans, Exercise Price Range, Upper Range Limit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfStockOptionInformationByExercisePriceRangeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharePrice: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Price of a single share of a number of saleable stocks of a company.
        label: Share Price
        terseLabel: Estimated values (USD per share)
        verboseLabel: Market price of common stock throughout the quarter (USD per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharePrice
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfPsusAndRsusFairValueWeightedAverageAssumptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r406
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Period from grant date that an equity-based award expires, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Expiration Period
        terseLabel: Share-based compensation arrangement by share-based payment award, expiration period
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansStockCompensationPlansNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r427
      r438
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Expected term of share-based compensation awards, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Term
        terseLabel: Expected term in years
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfFairValueWeightedAverageAssumptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r436
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of difference between fair value of the underlying shares reserved for issuance and exercise price of vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercisable, Intrinsic Value
        terseLabel: Aggregate intrinsic value of options exercisable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r436
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining contractual term for vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable or convertible, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercisable, Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term
        terseLabel: Options exercisable, weighted aver remaining contractual term
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2: {
     auth_ref: [
      r424
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term
        terseLabel: Options outstanding, weighted-average remaining contractual term
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePrice1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r412
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average exercise price as of the balance sheet date for those equity-based payment arrangements exercisable and outstanding.
        label: Share-based Compensation, Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans, Exercise Price Range, Exercisable Options, Weighted Average Exercise Price
        terseLabel: Weighted- Average Exercise Price (USD per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePrice1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfStockOptionInformationByExercisePriceRangeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r411
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted average price as of the balance sheet date at which grantees could acquire the underlying shares with respect to all outstanding stock options which are in the customized range of exercise prices.
        label: Share-based Compensation, Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans, Exercise Price Range, Outstanding Options, Weighted Average Exercise Price
        terseLabel: Weighted- Average Exercise Price (USD per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfStockOptionInformationByExercisePriceRangeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2: {
     auth_ref: [
      r424
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining contractual term of outstanding stock options, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Share-based Compensation, Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans, Exercise Price Range, Outstanding Options, Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term
        terseLabel: Weighted- Average Remaining Contractual Life in Years
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfStockOptionInformationByExercisePriceRangeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShortTermBorrowings: {
     auth_ref: [
      r34
      r600
      r625
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reflects the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of debt having initial terms less than one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Short-term Debt
        terseLabel: Short-term debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShortTermBorrowings
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtShortTermDebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r65
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of short-term debt arrangement.
        label: Short-term Debt, Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Short-term Debt, Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShortTermDebtTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtShortTermDebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r62
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Type of short-term debt arrangement, such as notes, line of credit, commercial paper, asset-based financing, project financing, letter of credit financing.
        label: Short-term Debt, Type [Domain]
        terseLabel: Short-term Debt, Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShortTermDebtTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtShortTermDebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShortTermDebtWeightedAverageInterestRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r63
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average interest rate of short-term debt outstanding calculated at point in time.
        label: Short-term Debt, Weighted Average Interest Rate, at Point in Time
        terseLabel: Short-term debt, weighted average interest rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShortTermDebtWeightedAverageInterestRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ShortAndLongTermDebtShortTermDebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r164
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.
        label: Significant Accounting Policies [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SignificantChangeInUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIsReasonablyPossibleAmountOfUnrecordedBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r458
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of the unrecognized tax benefit of a position taken for which it is reasonably possible that the total amount thereof will significantly increase or decrease within twelve months of the balance sheet date.
        label: Significant Change in Unrecognized Tax Benefits is Reasonably Possible, Amount of Unrecorded Benefit
        terseLabel: Expected reduction in the liability for unrecognized tax benefits within the next 12 months
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SignificantChangeInUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIsReasonablyPossibleAmountOfUnrecordedBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SoftwareAndSoftwareDevelopmentCostsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Purchased software applications and internally developed software for sale, licensing or long-term internal use.
        label: Software and Software Development Costs [Member]
        terseLabel: Computer Software
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SoftwareAndSoftwareDevelopmentCostsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesComputerSoftwareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r2
      r216
      r257
      r286
      r294
      r305
      r636
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by business segments.
        label: Segments [Axis]
        terseLabel: Segments [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesBusinessRealignmentActivitiesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfChangesInCarryingValueOfGoodwillByReportableSegmentDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfDepreciationAndAmortizationExpenseIncludedWithinSegmentIncomeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfNetSalesAndEarningsBySegmentDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationScheduleOfUnallocatedMarkToMarketGainsLossesOnCommodityDerivativesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r42
      r43
      r44
      r322
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by the different classes of stock of the entity.
        label: Class of Stock [Axis]
        terseLabel: Class of Stock [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementClassOfStockAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsShanghaiGoldenMonkeyNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquityParenthetical
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestEquityAndNoncontrollingInterestNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestScheduleOfChangesInOutstandingSharesOfCommmonStockDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r75
      r322
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by component of equity.
        label: Equity Components [Axis]
        terseLabel: Equity Components [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementEquityComponentsAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestEquityAndNoncontrollingInterestNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestScheduleOfActivityRelatingToNoncontrollingInterestDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesRecentAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Statement [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Statement [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquityParenthetical
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesRevenueRecognitionDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Cash Flows [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Financial Position [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Comprehensive Income [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Stockholders' Equity [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by scenario to be reported. Scenarios distinguish among different kinds of business reporting facts, as for example actual versus budgeted figures.
        label: Scenario [Axis]
        terseLabel: Scenario [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementScenarioAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsRippleBrandCollectiveLlcAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesCommitmentsAndContingenciesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansPensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementTable: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule reflecting a Statement of Income, Statement of Cash Flows, Statement of Financial Position, Statement of Shareholders' Equity and Other Comprehensive Income, or other statement as needed.
        label: Statement [Table]
        terseLabel: Statement [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfIncome
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquityParenthetical
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesRevenueRecognitionDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharebasedCompensationAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Stock Issued or Granted During Period, Share-based Compensation [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Stock issuances:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharebasedCompensationAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestScheduleOfChangesInOutstandingSharesOfCommmonStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Gross number of shares (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP). Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock, the exercise of stock options, stock issued under employee stock purchase plans, and/or other employee benefit plans.
        label: Stock Issued During Period, Shares, Share-based Compensation, Gross
        terseLabel: Stock issued during period, shares, share-based compensation (gross)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestScheduleOfChangesInOutstandingSharesOfCommmonStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised: {
     auth_ref: [
      r43
      r44
      r322
      r329
      r413
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of share options (or share units) exercised during the current period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercises in Period
        negatedTerseLabel: Exercised (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r75
      r322
      r329
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The gross value of stock issued during the period upon the conversion of convertible securities.
        label: Stock Issued During Period, Value, Conversion of Convertible Securities
        terseLabel: Stock Issued During Period, Value, Conversion of Convertible Securities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised: {
     auth_ref: [
      r75
      r322
      r329
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Value of stock issued as a result of the exercise of stock options.
        label: Stock Issued During Period, Value, Stock Options Exercised
        terseLabel: Exercise of stock options and incentive-based transactions
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r43
      r44
      r322
      r329
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Equity impact of the value of stock that has been repurchased during the period and has not been retired and is not held in treasury. Some state laws may mandate the circumstances under which an entity may acquire its own stock and prescribe the accounting treatment therefore. This element is used when state law does not recognize treasury stock.
        label: Stock Repurchased During Period, Value
        terseLabel: Stock Repurchased During Period, Value
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestEquityAndNoncontrollingInterestNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r44
      r48
      r49
      r234
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items, net of receivables from officers, directors, owners, and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest, minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
        label: Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent
        terseLabel: Total\u2014The Hershey Company stockholders\u2019 equity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockholdersEquity
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest: {
     auth_ref: [
      r510
      r511
      r521
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit), net of receivables from officers, directors, owners, and affiliates of the entity, attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.
        label: Stockholders' Equity, Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest
        periodEndLabel: Ending balance, stockholders' equity
        periodStartLabel: Beginning balance, stockholders' equity
        totalLabel: Total stockholders\u2019 equity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Stockholders' Equity, Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest [Abstract]
        verboseLabel: Stockholders\u2019 equity:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r333
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest, including other comprehensive income. Includes, but is not limited to, balances of common stock, preferred stock, additional paid-in capital, other capital and retained earnings, accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
        label: Stockholders' Equity Note Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Equity and Noncontrolling Interest
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterest
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsegmentsAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by business subsegments.
        label: Subsegments [Axis]
        terseLabel: Subsegments [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsegmentsAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationScheduleOfUnallocatedMarkToMarketGainsLossesOnCommodityDerivativesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsegmentsConsolidationItemsAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by subsegments, eliminations and reconciling items used in consolidating a reportable segment and its subsegments.
        label: Subsegments Consolidation Items [Axis]
        terseLabel: Subsegments Consolidation Items [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsegmentsConsolidationItemsAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationScheduleOfUnallocatedMarkToMarketGainsLossesOnCommodityDerivativesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsegmentsConsolidationItemsDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Subsegments, eliminations and reconciling items used in consolidating a reportable segment and its subsegments.
        label: Subsegments Consolidation Items [Domain]
        terseLabel: Subsegments Consolidation Items [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsegmentsConsolidationItemsDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationScheduleOfUnallocatedMarkToMarketGainsLossesOnCommodityDerivativesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsegmentsDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Divisions of a component of an entity that engage in business activities from which they may earn revenue and incur expenses, including transactions with other components of the same entity.
        label: Subsegments [Domain]
        terseLabel: Subsegments [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsegmentsDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SegmentInformationScheduleOfUnallocatedMarkToMarketGainsLossesOnCommodityDerivativesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SupplementalBalanceSheetDisclosuresTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r86
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for supplemental balance sheet disclosures, including descriptions and amounts for assets, liabilities, and equity.
        label: Supplemental Balance Sheet Disclosures [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Supplemental Balance Sheet Information
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SupplementalBalanceSheetDisclosuresTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SupplementalBalanceSheetInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Supplemental Cash Flow Information [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Supplemental Disclosure
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SupplementalEmployeeRetirementPlanDefinedBenefitMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Plan designed to provide limited group of employees with supplemental retirement benefits, in addition to other pension benefits. Includes, but is not limited to, defined benefit and defined contribution plans.
        label: Supplemental Employee Retirement Plan [Member]
        terseLabel: Supplemental Employee Retirement Plan
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SupplementalEmployeeRetirementPlanDefinedBenefitMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansPensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r45
      r51
      r149
      r230
      r231
      r233
      r235
      r608
      r630
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivables. This disclosure may include the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (for example, net realizable value), how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts, when impairments, charge-offs or recoveries are recognized, and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables, including its treatment of related fees and costs, its treatment of premiums, discounts or unearned income, when accrual of interest is discontinued, how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans, disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums, discounts, and nonrefundable fees and costs.
        label: Trade and Other Accounts Receivable, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Accounts Receivable - Trade
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TrademarksMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r495
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Rights acquired through registration of a trademark to gain or protect exclusive use of a business name, symbol or other device or style.
        label: Trademarks [Member]
        terseLabel: Trademarks
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TrademarksMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsAmplifySnackBrandsIncNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsPirateBrandsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsRippleBrandCollectiveLlcAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAllocationDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessAcquisitionsRippleBrandCollectiveLlcNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfGrossCarryingAmountAndAccumulatedAmortizationForEachMajorClassOfIntangibleAssetDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockAcquiredAverageCostPerShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r330
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total cost of shares repurchased divided by the total number of shares repurchased.
        label: Treasury Stock Acquired, Average Cost Per Share
        terseLabel: Treasury Stock Acquired, Average Cost Per Share
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TreasuryStockAcquiredAverageCostPerShare
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestEquityAndNoncontrollingInterestNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r74
      r330
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Shares of an entity that have been repurchased by the entity. This stock has no voting rights and receives no dividends. Note that treasury stock may be recorded at its total cost or separately as par (or stated) value and additional paid in capital. Classified within stockholders' equity if nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. Classified within temporary equity if redemption is outside the control of the issuer.
        label: Treasury Stock [Member]
        terseLabel: Treasury Common Stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TreasuryStockMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares: {
     auth_ref: [
      r74
      r330
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of common and preferred shares that were previously issued and that were repurchased by the issuing entity and held in treasury on the financial statement date. This stock has no voting rights and receives no dividends.
        label: Treasury Stock, Shares
        negatedPeriodEndLabel: Treasury stock, shares, end of the period (shares)
        negatedPeriodStartLabel: Treasury stock, shares, beginning of the period (shares)
        terseLabel: Treasury stock, shares (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TreasuryStockShares
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestScheduleOfChangesInOutstandingSharesOfCommmonStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired: {
     auth_ref: [
      r44
      r322
      r329
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares that have been repurchased during the period and are being held in treasury.
        label: Treasury Stock, Shares, Acquired
        terseLabel: Treasury Stock, Shares, Acquired
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TreasuryStockSharesAcquired
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestEquityAndNoncontrollingInterestNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/EquityAndNoncontrollingInterestScheduleOfChangesInOutstandingSharesOfCommmonStockDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r74
      r330
      r331
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount allocated to treasury stock. Treasury stock is common and preferred shares of an entity that were issued, repurchased by the entity, and are held in its treasury.
        label: Treasury Stock, Value
        negatedTerseLabel: Treasury\u2014common stock shares, at cost: 150,172,840 in 2018 and 149,040,927 in 2017
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TreasuryStockValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r322
      r329
      r330
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Equity impact of the cost of common and preferred stock that were repurchased during the period. Recorded using the cost method.
        label: Treasury Stock, Value, Acquired, Cost Method
        negatedTerseLabel: Repurchase of common stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TypeOfAdoptionMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Adoption and early adoption of sources of change to generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) in the United States. The FASB released the FASB Accounting Standards Codification as the authoritative source of literature effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. As part of the Codification process, the FASB issues Accounting Standards Updates to amend the Codification but otherwise the Accounting Standards Updates are not authoritative in their own right. All previous accounting standards (such as FASB Statements of Financial Accounting Standards, FASB Interpretations, FASB Staff Positions, Emerging Issues Task Force Consensuses, other pronouncements of the FASB or other designated bodies, or other forms of GAAP are considered accounting pronouncements) were superseded upon the adoption of the Codification. For an interim period, references to the superseded standards are included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
        label: Type of Adoption [Domain]
        terseLabel: Type of Adoption [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TypeOfAdoptionMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesRecentAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TypeOfRestructuringDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Identification of the types of restructuring costs.
        label: Type of Restructuring [Domain]
        terseLabel: Type of Restructuring [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TypeOfRestructuringDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/AssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesBusinessRealignmentActivitiesNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesScheduleOfBusinessRealignmentActivityDetails
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/BusinessRealignmentActivitiesScheduleOfLiabilityActivityForCostsQualifyingAsExitAndDisposalCostsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_USTreasuryAndGovernmentMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r361
      r606
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This category includes investments in debt securities issued by the United States Department of the Treasury, US Government Agencies and US Government-sponsored Enterprises. Such securities may include treasury bills (short-term maturities - one year or less), treasury notes (intermediate term maturities - two to ten years), and treasury bonds (long-term maturities - ten to thirty years), debt securities issued by the Government National Mortgage Association (Ginnie Mae) and debt securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae) or the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac).
        label: US Treasury and Government [Member]
        terseLabel: U.S. government/agency
       }
      }
     }
     localname: USTreasuryAndGovernmentMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsWithinFairValueHierarchyDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnconditionalPurchaseObligationCategoryOfGoodsOrServicesAcquiredDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r309
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: General description of the goods or services to be purchased from the counterparty to the unconditional purchase arrangement.
        label: Unconditional Purchase Obligation, Category of Goods or Services Acquired [Domain]
        terseLabel: Unconditional Purchase Obligation, Category of Goods or Services Acquired [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnconditionalPurchaseObligationCategoryOfGoodsOrServicesAcquiredDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfPurchaseObligationsCoveredByPutchaseAgreementsWithVariousSuppliersFutureMaturtyScheduleDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UndistributedEarningsLossAllocatedToParticipatingSecuritiesBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r176
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_ParticipatingSecuritiesDistributedAndUndistributedEarningsLossBasic
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of undistributed earnings (loss) allocated to participating securities for the basic earnings (loss) per share or per unit calculation under the two-class method.
        label: Undistributed Earnings (Loss) Allocated to Participating Securities, Basic
        terseLabel: Allocation of undistributed earnings
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UndistributedEarningsLossAllocatedToParticipatingSecuritiesBasic
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UndistributedEarningsLossAllocatedToParticipatingSecuritiesDiluted: {
     auth_ref: [
      r176
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_ParticipatingSecuritiesDistributedAndUndistributedEarningsLossDiluted
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of undistributed earnings (loss) allocated to participating securities for the diluted earnings (loss) per share or per unit calculation under the two-class method.
        label: Undistributed Earnings (Loss) Allocated to Participating Securities, Diluted
        terseLabel: Reallocation of undistributed earnings
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UndistributedEarningsLossAllocatedToParticipatingSecuritiesDiluted
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UndistributedEarningsOfForeignSubsidiaries: {
     auth_ref: [
      r450
      r484
      r618
      r637
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries intended to be permanently reinvested outside the country of domicile.
        label: Undistributed Earnings of Foreign Subsidiaries
        terseLabel: Undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UndistributedEarningsOfForeignSubsidiaries
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnfundedPlanMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r383
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Defined benefit plan in which retirement benefits are payable directly from general assets of employer sponsoring plan.
        label: Unfunded Plan [Member]
        terseLabel: Unfunded Plan
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnfundedPlanMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/PensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansPensionAndOtherPostRetirementBenefitPlansNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits: {
     auth_ref: [
      r451
      r460
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of unrecognized tax benefits.
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits
        periodEndLabel: Balance at end of year
        periodStartLabel: Balance at beginning of year
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefits
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r461
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of decrease in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from tax positions taken in prior period tax returns.
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Decrease Resulting from Prior Period Tax Positions
        negatedTerseLabel: Reductions for tax positions taken during prior years
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromSettlementsWithTaxingAuthorities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r463
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of decrease in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from settlements with taxing authorities.
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Decrease Resulting from Settlements with Taxing Authorities
        negatedTerseLabel: Settlements
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromSettlementsWithTaxingAuthorities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r457
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount accrued for interest on an underpayment of income taxes and penalties related to a tax position claimed or expected to be claimed in the tax return.
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Income Tax Penalties and Interest Accrued
        terseLabel: Accrued net interest and penalties
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r457
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expense for interest on an underpayment of income taxes and penalties related to a tax position claimed or expected to be claimed in the tax return.
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Income Tax Penalties and Interest Expense
        negatedTerseLabel: Net tax expense (benefit) for interest and penalties
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r462
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from tax positions that have been or will be taken in current period tax return.
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Increase Resulting from Current Period Tax Positions
        terseLabel: Additions for tax positions taken during the current year
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r461
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from tax positions taken in prior period tax returns.
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Increase Resulting from Prior Period Tax Positions
        terseLabel: Additions for tax positions taken during prior years
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r464
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of decrease in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from lapses of applicable statutes of limitations.
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Reduction Resulting from Lapse of Applicable Statute of Limitations
        negatedTerseLabel: Expiration of statutes of limitations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r465
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate.
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits that Would Impact Effective Tax Rate
        terseLabel: Amount of unrecognized tax benefits that if recognized would affect the effective tax rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation, Fiscal Year Maturity [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation, Fiscal Year Maturity [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfPurchaseObligationsCoveredByPutchaseAgreementsWithVariousSuppliersFutureMaturtyScheduleDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFifthAnniversary: {
     auth_ref: [
      r307
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the fixed and determinable portion of the unrecorded unconditional purchase obligation maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation, Due within Five Years
        terseLabel: 2023
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFifthAnniversary
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfPurchaseObligationsCoveredByPutchaseAgreementsWithVariousSuppliersFutureMaturtyScheduleDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFirstAnniversary: {
     auth_ref: [
      r307
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the fixed and determinable portion of the unrecorded unconditional purchase obligation maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation, Due in Next Twelve Months
        terseLabel: 2019
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFirstAnniversary
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfPurchaseObligationsCoveredByPutchaseAgreementsWithVariousSuppliersFutureMaturtyScheduleDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFourthAnniversary: {
     auth_ref: [
      r307
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the fixed and determinable portion of the unrecorded unconditional purchase obligation maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation, Due within Four Years
        terseLabel: 2022
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFourthAnniversary
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfPurchaseObligationsCoveredByPutchaseAgreementsWithVariousSuppliersFutureMaturtyScheduleDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnSecondAnniversary: {
     auth_ref: [
      r307
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the fixed and determinable portion of the unrecorded unconditional purchase obligation maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation, Due within Two Years
        terseLabel: 2020
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnSecondAnniversary
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfPurchaseObligationsCoveredByPutchaseAgreementsWithVariousSuppliersFutureMaturtyScheduleDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnThirdAnniversary: {
     auth_ref: [
      r307
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the fixed and determinable portion of the unrecorded unconditional purchase obligation maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation, Due within Three Years
        terseLabel: 2021
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnThirdAnniversary
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfPurchaseObligationsCoveredByPutchaseAgreementsWithVariousSuppliersFutureMaturtyScheduleDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationByCategoryOfItemPurchasedAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r306
      r308
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Pertinent information about unrecorded unconditional purchase arrangements to acquire goods or services, by category of goods or services. arrangements to acquire goods or services, by category of goods or services.
        label: Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation by Category of Item Purchased [Axis]
        terseLabel: Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation by Category of Item Purchased [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationByCategoryOfItemPurchasedAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfPurchaseObligationsCoveredByPutchaseAgreementsWithVariousSuppliersFutureMaturtyScheduleDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfPurchaseObligationsCoveredByPutchaseAgreementsWithVariousSuppliersFutureMaturtyScheduleDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r306
      r308
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Describes each unrecorded unconditional purchase obligation arrangement to purchase goods and services that extend over multiple periods, any assets pledged to secure payment, and the fixed or determinable amount of payments due in each of the next five years and thereafter.
        label: Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation [Table]
        terseLabel: Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfPurchaseObligationsCoveredByPutchaseAgreementsWithVariousSuppliersFutureMaturtyScheduleDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r306
      r308
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of unconditional purchase obligations that are not recognized as a liability on the balance sheet, including the nature and significant terms of an unconditional purchase obligation; the amount of the fixed and determinable portion of the obligation as of the date of the latest balance sheet presented in the aggregate and, if determinable, for each of the five succeeding fiscal years; the nature of any variable components of the obligation; the amount purchased under the obligation (for example, the take-or-pay or throughput contract) for the reporting period; and may include the amount of imputed interest necessary to reduce the obligation to present value.
        label: Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligations Disclosure [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Purchase Obligations Covered by Purchase Agreements with Various Suppliers Future Maturity Schedule
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationsDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UseOfEstimates: {
     auth_ref: [
      r193
      r194
      r195
      r196
      r204
      r205
      r206
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for the use of estimates in the preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.
        label: Use of Estimates, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Use of Estimates
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UseOfEstimates
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceOfDeferredTaxAssetsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r162
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Valuation allowance of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary difference and carryforward.
        label: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Valuation Allowance, Deferred Tax Asset [Member]
        terseLabel: Valuation Allowance of Net Deferred Taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ValuationAllowanceOfDeferredTaxAssetsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance: {
     auth_ref: [
      r163
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.
        label: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Valuation Allowances and Reserves, Amount
        periodEndLabel: Balance at End of Period
        periodStartLabel: Balance at Beginning of Period
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r163
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves from charge to cost and expense.
        label: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Valuation Allowances and Reserves, Additions, Charge to Cost and Expense
        terseLabel: Charged to Costs and Expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r163
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves from charge to accounts other than cost and expense.
        label: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Valuation Allowances and Reserves, Additions, Charge to Other Account
        terseLabel: Charged to Other Accounts
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r163
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of decrease in valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.
        label: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Valuation Allowances and Reserves, Deduction
        terseLabel: Deductions from Reserves
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.
        label: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Valuation Allowances and Reserves [Domain]
        terseLabel: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Valuation Allowances and Reserves [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccounts
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r163
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.
        label: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Valuation Allowances and Reserves Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Valuation Allowances and Reserves Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccounts
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsScheduleIiValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r170
      r182
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU), determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
        label: Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Diluted
        terseLabel: Total weighted-average shares\u2014diluted (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r169
      r182
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of [basic] shares or units, after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding, determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
        label: Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Basic
        terseLabel: Total weighted-average shares\u2014basic (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/ScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_WorkforceSubjectToCollectiveBargainingArrangementsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r201
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of employees covered by a collective bargaining agreement as of the balance sheet date, when it serves as a benchmark in a concentration of risk calculation.
        label: Workforce Subject to Collective Bargaining Arrangements [Member]
        terseLabel: Workforce Subject to Collective Bargaining Arrangements
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WorkforceSubjectToCollectiveBargainingArrangementsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hersheys.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingenciesCommitmentsAndContingenciesNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
   }
   unitCount: 10
  }
 }
 std_ref: {
  r0: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222160&loc=d3e1107-107759
  }
  r1: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222160&loc=SL51721533-107759
  }
  r10: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721673-107760
  }
  r100: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114867106&loc=SL34724394-108580
  }
  r101: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114867106&loc=SL7669619-108580
  }
  r102: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114867106&loc=SL7669619-108580
  }
  r103: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114867106&loc=SL7669619-108580
  }
  r104: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114867106&loc=SL7669625-108580
  }
  r105: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114867106&loc=SL7669625-108580
  }
  r106: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114867106&loc=d3e557-108580
  }
  r107: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109228884&loc=d3e1436-108581
  }
  r108: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.3-03(e))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115205541&loc=SL114868656-224227
  }
  r109: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (210.5-03(11))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115205541&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r11: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5C
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)(2)
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721675-107760
  }
  r110: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(1))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115205541&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r111: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(10))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115205541&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r112: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(20))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115205541&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r113: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(21))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115205541&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r114: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.1)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115205541&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r115: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.1,2)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115205541&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r116: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.19)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115205541&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r117: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.2(a),(d))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115205541&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r118: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.2)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115205541&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r119: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.4)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115205541&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r12: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5C
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721675-107760
  }
  r120: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.7(b))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115205541&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r121: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.8)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115205541&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r122: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.9)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115205541&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r123: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115205541&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r124: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109223946&loc=d3e3179-108585
  }
  r125: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109223946&loc=d3e3179-108585
  }
  r126: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109223946&loc=d3e3213-108585
  }
  r127: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109223946&loc=d3e3213-108585
  }
  r128: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109223946&loc=d3e3255-108585
  }
  r129: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109223946&loc=d3e3255-108585
  }
  r13: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5D
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721677-107760
  }
  r130: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109223946&loc=d3e3291-108585
  }
  r131: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109223946&loc=d3e3291-108585
  }
  r132: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109223946&loc=d3e3367-108585
  }
  r133: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109223946&loc=d3e3367-108585
  }
  r134: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109223946&loc=d3e3000-108585
  }
  r135: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 24
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109223946&loc=d3e3521-108585
  }
  r136: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109223946&loc=d3e3536-108585
  }
  r137: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (g)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109223946&loc=d3e3536-108585
  }
  r138: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109223946&loc=d3e3536-108585
  }
  r139: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109223946&loc=d3e3602-108585
  }
  r14: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721683-107760
  }
  r140: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109223946&loc=d3e3602-108585
  }
  r141: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109223946&loc=d3e3602-108585
  }
  r142: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109223946&loc=d3e3044-108585
  }
  r143: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513485&loc=d3e4273-108586
  }
  r144: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513485&loc=d3e4297-108586
  }
  r145: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513485&loc=d3e4304-108586
  }
  r146: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513485&loc=d3e4313-108586
  }
  r147: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513485&loc=d3e4332-108586
  }
  r148: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84158767&loc=d3e18726-107790
  }
  r149: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84158767&loc=d3e18780-107790
  }
  r15: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2122178
  }
  r150: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84158767&loc=d3e18823-107790
  }
  r151: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(h))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r152: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(m)(1)(iii))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r153: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(d),(e))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r154: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(e),(f))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r155: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(h)(1)(i))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r156: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(h)(2))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r157: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(h))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r158: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(n)(2))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r159: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(n))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r16: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122149
  }
  r160: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-04(a))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e24072-122690
  }
  r161: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-04.(a))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e24072-122690
  }
  r162: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-09(ColumnA))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e24092-122690
  }
  r163: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-09)
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e24092-122690
  }
  r164: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122369
  }
  r165: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22499-107794
  }
  r166: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22694-107794
  }
  r167: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22580-107794
  }
  r168: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22583-107794
  }
  r169: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109260490&loc=d3e1448-109256
  }
  r17: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=82887183&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r170: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 16
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109260490&loc=d3e1505-109256
  }
  r171: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109260490&loc=d3e1252-109256
  }
  r172: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109260490&loc=d3e1500-109256
  }
  r173: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109260490&loc=d3e1278-109256
  }
  r174: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 60
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109260490&loc=d3e2740-109256
  }
  r175: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 60A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109260490&loc=SL5780132-109256
  }
  r176: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 60B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109260490&loc=SL5780133-109256
  }
  r177: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 60B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109260490&loc=SL5780133-109256
  }
  r178: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 60B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109260490&loc=SL5780133-109256
  }
  r179: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 60B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109260490&loc=SL5780133-109256
  }
  r18: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=82887183&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r180: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 66
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109260490&loc=d3e2814-109256
  }
  r181: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109260490&loc=d3e1337-109256
  }
  r182: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257
  }
  r183: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257
  }
  r184: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257
  }
  r185: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 52
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109256448&loc=d3e4984-109258
  }
  r186: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144383
  }
  r187: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 270
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109236672&loc=d3e725-108305
  }
  r188: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 270
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109236672&loc=d3e765-108305
  }
  r189: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 270
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109236672&loc=d3e543-108305
  }
  r19: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (g)(6)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=82887183&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r190: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 270
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109225645&loc=d3e1280-108306
  }
  r191: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.10-01.(b)(6))
   Topic: 270
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27015980&loc=d3e46468-122699
  }
  r192: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 270
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2126967
  }
  r193: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e5967-108592
  }
  r194: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e5967-108592
  }
  r195: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6161-108592
  }
  r196: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6191-108592
  }
  r197: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 16
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6327-108592
  }
  r198: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 18
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6351-108592
  }
  r199: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 18
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6351-108592
  }
  r2: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=d3e1361-107760
  }
  r20: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=82887183&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r200: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 18
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6351-108592
  }
  r201: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6404-108592
  }
  r202: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6404-108592
  }
  r203: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 21
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6442-108592
  }
  r204: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6061-108592
  }
  r205: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6132-108592
  }
  r206: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6143-108592
  }
  r207: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2134479
  }
  r208: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8657-108599
  }
  r209: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 21
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8721-108599
  }
  r21: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=82887183&loc=d3e6787-107765
  }
  r210: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r211: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r212: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r213: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r214: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r215: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (h)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r216: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r217: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8813-108599
  }
  r218: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 30
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8906-108599
  }
  r219: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 30
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8906-108599
  }
  r22: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=82887183&loc=d3e6801-107765
  }
  r220: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 31
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8924-108599
  }
  r221: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 32
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8933-108599
  }
  r222: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 32
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8933-108599
  }
  r223: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 32
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8933-108599
  }
  r224: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8475-108599
  }
  r225: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 40
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e9031-108599
  }
  r226: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 41
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e9038-108599
  }
  r227: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 42
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e9054-108599
  }
  r228: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2134510
  }
  r229: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 05
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 305
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6375392&loc=d3e26790-107797
  }
  r23: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=82887183&loc=d3e6812-107765
  }
  r230: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84173941&loc=SL6953423-111524
  }
  r231: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84173941&loc=d3e5212-111524
  }
  r232: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84173941&loc=d3e5074-111524
  }
  r233: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84173941&loc=d3e5093-111524
  }
  r234: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 4.E)
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27010918&loc=d3e74512-122707
  }
  r235: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84159169&loc=d3e10133-111534
  }
  r236: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 320
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=82897076&loc=SL6283291-111563
  }
  r237: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 320
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2196928
  }
  r238: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 32
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 35
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 323
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114001220&loc=d3e32787-111569
  }
  r239: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 323
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109237563&loc=d3e33775-111570
  }
  r24: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=82887183&loc=d3e6812-107765
  }
  r240: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)
   Topic: 323
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114001798&loc=d3e33918-111571
  }
  r241: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 30
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68048583&loc=d3e3636-108311
  }
  r242: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 35
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68049868&loc=d3e3927-108312
  }
  r243: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66092785&loc=d3e4492-108314
  }
  r244: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66092785&loc=d3e4556-108314
  }
  r245: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.BB)
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27011343&loc=d3e100047-122729
  }
  r246: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 340
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84159346&loc=d3e8275-108329
  }
  r247: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99380562&loc=d3e13770-109266
  }
  r248: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99380562&loc=d3e13777-109266
  }
  r249: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77989000&loc=SL49117168-202975
  }
  r25: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=82887183&loc=d3e6911-107765
  }
  r250: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108376223&loc=d3e13816-109267
  }
  r251: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108376223&loc=d3e13816-109267
  }
  r252: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108376223&loc=d3e13816-109267
  }
  r253: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108376223&loc=d3e13816-109267
  }
  r254: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (f)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108376223&loc=d3e13816-109267
  }
  r255: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (g)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108376223&loc=d3e13816-109267
  }
  r256: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (h)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108376223&loc=d3e13816-109267
  }
  r257: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108376223&loc=d3e13816-109267
  }
  r258: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108376223&loc=d3e13854-109267
  }
  r259: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108376223&loc=d3e13854-109267
  }
  r26: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=82887183&loc=d3e6935-107765
  }
  r260: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6388964&loc=d3e16212-109274
  }
  r261: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6388964&loc=d3e16225-109274
  }
  r262: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16265-109275
  }
  r263: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16265-109275
  }
  r264: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16265-109275
  }
  r265: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16265-109275
  }
  r266: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: ((a)(1),(b))
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  }
  r267: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  }
  r268: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  }
  r269: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (a)(2)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  }
  r27: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=82887183&loc=d3e7018-107765
  }
  r270: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (a)(3)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  }
  r271: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  }
  r272: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  }
  r273: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16373-109275
  }
  r274: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 30
   SubTopic: 40
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6389767&loc=d3e17916-109280
  }
  r275: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 50
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=16397303&loc=d3e19379-109286
  }
  r276: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144416
  }
  r277: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226348&loc=d3e2611-110228
  }
  r278: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226348&loc=d3e2420-110228
  }
  r279: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  }
  r28: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361739&loc=d3e7789-107766
  }
  r280: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  }
  r281: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  }
  r282: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  }
  r283: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2921-110230
  }
  r284: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2941-110230
  }
  r285: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2941-110230
  }
  r286: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2941-110230
  }
  r287: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2941-110230
  }
  r288: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=SL51724579-110230
  }
  r289: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2155823
  }
  r29: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(1))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r290: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394359&loc=d3e17939-110869
  }
  r291: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)(1)
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394359&loc=d3e17939-110869
  }
  r292: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)(2)
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394359&loc=d3e17939-110869
  }
  r293: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394359&loc=d3e17939-110869
  }
  r294: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394359&loc=d3e17939-110869
  }
  r295: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394359&loc=d3e17939-110869
  }
  r296: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 5.P.3)
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140864-122747
  }
  r297: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.P.3)
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140864-122747
  }
  r298: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 5.P.4(b)(2))
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  }
  r299: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 5.P.4(b))
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  }
  r3: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=d3e1361-107760
  }
  r30: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(12))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r300: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 5.P.4)
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  }
  r301: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.P.4(b)(1))
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  }
  r302: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.P.4(b)(2))
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  }
  r303: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.P.4(b))
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  }
  r304: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.P.4(c))
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  }
  r305: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.P.4(d))
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  }
  r306: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 440
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77896938&loc=d3e25287-109308
  }
  r307: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 440
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77896938&loc=d3e25336-109308
  }
  r308: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 440
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77896938&loc=d3e25336-109308
  }
  r309: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 440
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77896938&loc=d3e25383-109308
  }
  r31: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(13))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r310: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 440
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144648
  }
  r311: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2127136
  }
  r312: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99376301&loc=SL5988623-112600
  }
  r313: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6802200&loc=d3e1835-112601
  }
  r314: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6802200&loc=SL6230698-112601
  }
  r315: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)(3)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109500613&loc=SL6031897-161870
  }
  r316: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109500613&loc=SL6036836-161870
  }
  r317: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 50
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7516071&loc=d3e13374-112631
  }
  r318: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2208564
  }
  r319: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (CFRR 211.02)
   Topic: 480
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877616&loc=d3e177068-122764
  }
  r32: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(14))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r320: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65888546&loc=d3e21300-112643
  }
  r321: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21553-112644
  }
  r322: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21463-112644
  }
  r323: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21475-112644
  }
  r324: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21484-112644
  }
  r325: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21488-112644
  }
  r326: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21506-112644
  }
  r327: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21521-112644
  }
  r328: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21538-112644
  }
  r329: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.3-04)
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770
  }
  r33: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(17))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r330: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405813&loc=d3e23239-112655
  }
  r331: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405834&loc=d3e23315-112656
  }
  r332: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   SubTopic: 50
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2208855
  }
  r333: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2208762
  }
  r334: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109196051&loc=SL49130545-203045
  }
  r335: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109196051&loc=SL49130549-203045
  }
  r336: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 91
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108792157&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  }
  r337: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 91
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108792157&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  }
  r338: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 91
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108792157&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  }
  r339: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 610
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=49130413
  }
  r34: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(19)(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r340: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 15
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 712
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6410066&loc=d3e79218-111664
  }
  r341: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 15
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 712
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6410066&loc=d3e79218-111664
  }
  r342: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109237824&loc=d3e1703-114919
  }
  r343: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109237824&loc=d3e1731-114919
  }
  r344: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r345: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r346: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)(10)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r347: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)(2)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r348: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)(4)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r349: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)(5)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r35: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(19))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r350: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)(6)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r351: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)(7)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r352: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r353: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)(1)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r354: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)(2)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r355: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)(3)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r356: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)(5)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r357: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)(8)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r358: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r359: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (d)(5)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r36: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(2))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r360: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (d)(i)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r361: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (d)(ii)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r362: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (d)(iv)(01)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r363: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r364: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (f)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r365: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (h)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r366: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (h)(1)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r367: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (h)(2)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r368: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (h)(3)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r369: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (h)(4)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r37: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(20))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r370: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (h)(5)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r371: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (h)(7)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r372: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (i)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r373: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (j)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r374: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (k)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r375: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (k)(1)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r376: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (k)(2)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r377: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (k)(3)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r378: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (l)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r379: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (m)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r38: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(22))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r380: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (n)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r381: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (s)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r382: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r383: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e2410-114920
  }
  r384: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e2417-114920
  }
  r385: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e2417-114920
  }
  r386: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e2417-114920
  }
  r387: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e2439-114920
  }
  r388: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e2709-114920
  }
  r389: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e2709-114920
  }
  r39: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(24))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r390: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)(2)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e2709-114920
  }
  r391: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)(3)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e2709-114920
  }
  r392: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)(4)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e2709-114920
  }
  r393: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)(5)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e2709-114920
  }
  r394: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)(7)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e2709-114920
  }
  r395: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108410482&loc=d3e2709-114920
  }
  r396: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=112275985&loc=d3e4179-114921
  }
  r397: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108412710&loc=SL108413206-114923
  }
  r398: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 60
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6414203&loc=d3e39716-114964
  }
  r399: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 70
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=49170846&loc=d3e28014-114942
  }
  r4: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=d3e1474-107760
  }
  r40: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(26)(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r400: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2235017
  }
  r401: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 35
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=79507207&loc=d3e4534-113899
  }
  r402: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109197908&loc=d3e5047-113901
  }
  r403: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109197908&loc=d3e5047-113901
  }
  r404: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109197908&loc=d3e5047-113901
  }
  r405: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109197908&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r406: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109197908&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r407: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(3)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109197908&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r408: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a),(g)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109197908&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r409: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109197908&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r41: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(26)(b))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r410: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(i)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109197908&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r411: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(i)-(ii)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109197908&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r412: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iii)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109197908&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r413: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iv)(2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109197908&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r414: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iv)(3)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109197908&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r415: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(i)-(ii)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109197908&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r416: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(iii)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109197908&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r417: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(iii)(2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109197908&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r418: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(iii)(3)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109197908&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r419: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(iii)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109197908&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r42: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(27))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r420: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109197908&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r421: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109197908&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r422: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)(2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109197908&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r423: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109197908&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r424: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109197908&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r425: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109197908&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r426: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109197908&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r427: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(i)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109197908&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r428: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(ii)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109197908&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r429: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(iii)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109197908&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r43: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(28))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r430: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(iv)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109197908&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r431: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (g)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109197908&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r432: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (h)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109197908&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r433: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (h)(1)(i)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109197908&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r434: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (i)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109197908&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r435: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (l)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109197908&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r436: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109197908&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r437: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109197908&loc=SL79508275-113901
  }
  r438: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 14.D.2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115993241&loc=d3e301413-122809
  }
  r439: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 14.F)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115993241&loc=d3e301413-122809
  }
  r44: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(29))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r440: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109196918&loc=d3e11149-113907
  }
  r441: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109196918&loc=d3e11178-113907
  }
  r442: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2228938
  }
  r443: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 35
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 720
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420018&loc=d3e36677-107848
  }
  r444: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 35
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 720
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420018&loc=d3e36677-107848
  }
  r445: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 720
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122503
  }
  r446: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 730
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420194&loc=d3e21568-108373
  }
  r447: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115928272&loc=d3e28680-109314
  }
  r448: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115928272&loc=d3e28680-109314
  }
  r449: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115928272&loc=d3e28680-109314
  }
  r45: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(3))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r450: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115928272&loc=d3e28200-109314
  }
  r451: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84176650&loc=SL37586934-109318
  }
  r452: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84176650&loc=d3e31917-109318
  }
  r453: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84176650&loc=d3e31931-109318
  }
  r454: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84176650&loc=d3e31958-109318
  }
  r455: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32687-109319
  }
  r456: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32698-109319
  }
  r457: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32718-109319
  }
  r458: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32718-109319
  }
  r459: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32718-109319
  }
  r46: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(1))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r460: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=SL6600010-109319
  }
  r461: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=SL6600010-109319
  }
  r462: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(2)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=SL6600010-109319
  }
  r463: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(3)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=SL6600010-109319
  }
  r464: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(4)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=SL6600010-109319
  }
  r465: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=SL6600010-109319
  }
  r466: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=SL6600010-109319
  }
  r467: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 19
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32840-109319
  }
  r468: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  }
  r469: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  }
  r47: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(3))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r470: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b),(c)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  }
  r471: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  }
  r472: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  }
  r473: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32621-109319
  }
  r474: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32632-109319
  }
  r475: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32639-109319
  }
  r476: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32639-109319
  }
  r477: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32639-109319
  }
  r478: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 217
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109238393&loc=d3e36027-109320
  }
  r479: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 6.I)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=34349781&loc=d3e330036-122817
  }
  r48: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r480: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 6.I.7)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=34349781&loc=d3e330036-122817
  }
  r481: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109238882&loc=d3e39076-109324
  }
  r482: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109238882&loc=d3e38679-109324
  }
  r483: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109238882&loc=d3e38679-109324
  }
  r484: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (b)(c)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6424122&loc=d3e41874-109331
  }
  r485: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144680
  }
  r486: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 16
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84229725&loc=d3e961-128460
  }
  r487: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 23
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84229725&loc=d3e1043-128460
  }
  r488: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=79982066&loc=d3e1392-128463
  }
  r489: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=79982066&loc=d3e1392-128463
  }
  r49: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(31))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r490: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=79982066&loc=d3e1486-128463
  }
  r491: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 37
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108330185&loc=d3e2207-128464
  }
  r492: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84161108&loc=d3e4845-128472
  }
  r493: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84161108&loc=d3e4845-128472
  }
  r494: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77890550&loc=d3e5227-128473
  }
  r495: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77890550&loc=d3e5263-128473
  }
  r496: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77890550&loc=d3e5333-128473
  }
  r497: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 31
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77890550&loc=d3e5419-128473
  }
  r498: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 38
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77890550&loc=d3e5504-128473
  }
  r499: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6911189&loc=d3e6387-128476
  }
  r5: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721659-107760
  }
  r50: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(32))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r500: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6911189&loc=d3e6393-128476
  }
  r501: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6911189&loc=d3e6396-128476
  }
  r502: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 30
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109124213&loc=d3e6527-128477
  }
  r503: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 30
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109124213&loc=d3e6571-128477
  }
  r504: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 30
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109124213&loc=d3e6578-128477
  }
  r505: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 30
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109124213&loc=d3e6613-128477
  }
  r506: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35744584&loc=d3e6927-128479
  }
  r507: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (b)(1)
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35744584&loc=d3e6927-128479
  }
  r508: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (f)(1)
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35744584&loc=d3e6927-128479
  }
  r509: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2303972
  }
  r51: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(4))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r510: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108774443&loc=SL4568447-111683
  }
  r511: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 16
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108774443&loc=SL4568740-111683
  }
  r512: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 19
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108774443&loc=SL4569616-111683
  }
  r513: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108774443&loc=SL4569643-111683
  }
  r514: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 21
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108774443&loc=SL4613674-111683
  }
  r515: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684
  }
  r516: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(2)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684
  }
  r517: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684
  }
  r518: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(3)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684
  }
  r519: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c),(3)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684
  }
  r52: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(a)(1))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r520: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684
  }
  r521: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4I
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84234705&loc=SL4590271-111686
  }
  r522: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4J
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84234705&loc=SL4591551-111686
  }
  r523: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4K
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84234705&loc=SL4591552-111686
  }
  r524: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5579240-113959
  }
  r525: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5579245-113959
  }
  r526: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5580258-113959
  }
  r527: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)(i)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=d3e41620-113959
  }
  r528: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)(ii)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=d3e41620-113959
  }
  r529: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=d3e41620-113959
  }
  r53: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(a)(3))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r530: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: c
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=d3e41638-113959
  }
  r531: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=d3e41638-113959
  }
  r532: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5618551-113959
  }
  r533: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5618551-113959
  }
  r534: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)(1)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5618551-113959
  }
  r535: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624163-113959
  }
  r536: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624163-113959
  }
  r537: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4C
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624171-113959
  }
  r538: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4C
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624171-113959
  }
  r539: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4C
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624171-113959
  }
  r54: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(a)(4))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r540: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4C
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624171-113959
  }
  r541: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4CC
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL109998890-113959
  }
  r542: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4D
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624177-113959
  }
  r543: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4D
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(2)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624177-113959
  }
  r544: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4D
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(4)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624177-113959
  }
  r545: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4D
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624177-113959
  }
  r546: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4D
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624177-113959
  }
  r547: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4E
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624181-113959
  }
  r548: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=d3e41641-113959
  }
  r549: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=d3e41675-113959
  }
  r55: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(7))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r550: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=d3e41678-113959
  }
  r551: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 182
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109975725&loc=SL5629052-113961
  }
  r552: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 25
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109977999&loc=d3e76258-113986
  }
  r553: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109978405&loc=d3e80720-113993
  }
  r554: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=112277219&loc=d3e80748-113994
  }
  r555: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=112277219&loc=d3e80748-113994
  }
  r556: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2229140
  }
  r557: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99377789&loc=d3e19190-110258
  }
  r558: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99377789&loc=d3e19207-110258
  }
  r559: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99377789&loc=d3e19207-110258
  }
  r56: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(8))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r560: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (bb)
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99377789&loc=d3e19207-110258
  }
  r561: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (bbb)
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99377789&loc=d3e19207-110258
  }
  r562: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99377789&loc=d3e19207-110258
  }
  r563: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2C
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99377789&loc=SL7498348-110258
  }
  r564: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99377789&loc=d3e19279-110258
  }
  r565: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2155941
  }
  r566: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109250915&loc=d3e13433-108611
  }
  r567: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109250915&loc=d3e13467-108611
  }
  r568: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109250915&loc=d3e13476-108611
  }
  r569: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109250915&loc=d3e13531-108611
  }
  r57: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.1)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r570: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 21
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109250915&loc=d3e13537-108611
  }
  r571: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 21
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109250915&loc=d3e13537-108611
  }
  r572: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 35
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=82918529&loc=d3e30304-110892
  }
  r573: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450222&loc=d3e30840-110895
  }
  r574: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 230
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513438&loc=d3e33268-110906
  }
  r575: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109240241&loc=d3e32022-110900
  }
  r576: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (b,c)
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109240241&loc=d3e32211-110900
  }
  r577: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (b,d)
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109240241&loc=d3e32211-110900
  }
  r578: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109240241&loc=d3e32211-110900
  }
  r579: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 21
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109240241&loc=d3e32262-110900
  }
  r58: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.13(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r580: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450520&loc=d3e32583-110901
  }
  r581: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450988&loc=d3e26243-108391
  }
  r582: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114775744&loc=d3e28541-108399
  }
  r583: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114775744&loc=d3e28551-108399
  }
  r584: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114775744&loc=d3e28555-108399
  }
  r585: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114775985&loc=d3e28878-108400
  }
  r586: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 40
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (Note 3)
   Topic: 840
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=82846649&loc=d3e38371-112697
  }
  r587: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 840
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77902758&loc=d3e41502-112717
  }
  r588: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 840
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84164817&loc=d3e45280-112737
  }
  r589: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=113997351&loc=SL77916155-209984
  }
  r59: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.13)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r590: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888419&loc=SL77918627-209977
  }
  r591: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888419&loc=SL77918627-209977
  }
  r592: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (bb)
   Topic: 860
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109247956&loc=d3e107207-111719
  }
  r593: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (bb)(1)
   Topic: 860
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109247956&loc=d3e107207-111719
  }
  r594: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (bb)(2)
   Topic: 860
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109247956&loc=d3e107207-111719
  }
  r595: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (bb)(3)
   Topic: 860
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109247956&loc=d3e107207-111719
  }
  r596: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 340
   Topic: 928
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6473545&loc=d3e61844-108004
  }
  r597: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 940
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68072869&loc=d3e41242-110953
  }
  r598: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(10))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r599: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(11))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r6: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721663-107760
  }
  r60: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.14)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r600: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(13))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r601: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(15)(1))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r602: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(15)(2))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r603: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(16))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r604: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(22))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r605: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(23))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r606: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(6)(a)(1))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r607: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(6))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r608: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(9))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r609: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03.10)
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r61: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.17)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r610: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(15))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114873765&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r611: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(22))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114873765&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r612: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(23))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114873765&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r613: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04.9)
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114873765&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r614: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 05
   SubTopic: 310
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=82921161&loc=d3e61632-112793
  }
  r615: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 320
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=75019621&loc=d3e62652-112803
  }
  r616: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 405
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6957935&loc=d3e64057-112817
  }
  r617: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 470
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=75038535&loc=d3e64711-112823
  }
  r618: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 740
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6479915&loc=d3e66715-112838
  }
  r619: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(15)(b)(2))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r62: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r620: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(16))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r621: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(1)(b))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r622: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(10))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r623: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(12))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r624: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(15)(b)(1))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r625: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(16)(a)(1))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r626: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(16))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r627: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(23)(a)(4))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r628: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(24))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r629: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(25))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r63: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19(b))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r630: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(5))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r631: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(8))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r632: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03.10)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r633: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(18))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114873790&loc=SL114874131-224263
  }
  r634: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(19))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114873790&loc=SL114874131-224263
  }
  r635: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(8))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114873790&loc=SL114874131-224263
  }
  r636: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4H
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 40
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99384497&loc=SL65671331-158438
  }
  r637: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 740
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6487024&loc=d3e29054-158556
  }
  r638: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 825
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99380617&loc=SL75241803-196195
  }
  r639: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 320
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-15)
   Topic: 946
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=50485924&loc=d3e611379-123010
  }
  r64: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19(b),22(b))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r640: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 310
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-29(Footnote 4))
   Topic: 948
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6589523&loc=d3e617274-123014
  }
  r641: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 958
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114873921&loc=SL114875236-224282
  }
  r642: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 360
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Footnote 2))
   Topic: 970
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6590653&loc=d3e638233-123024
  }
  r643: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 985
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6501960&loc=d3e128462-111756
  }
  r644: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 985
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6501960&loc=d3e128462-111756
  }
  r645: {
   Name: Regulation 12B
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: b-2
  }
  r646: {
   Article: 12
   Name: Regulation S-X (SX)
   Number: 210
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 13
   Sentence: Column B
  }
  r647: {
   Footnote: 2
   Name: Regulation S-X (SX)
   Number: 210
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: 28
  }
  r648: {
   Footnote: 4
   Name: Regulation S-X (SX)
   Number: 210
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: 29
  }
  r649: {
   Name: Regulation S-X (SX)
   Number: 210
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: 09
  }
  r65: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r650: {
   Name: Regulation S-X (SX)
   Number: 210
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: 15
  }
  r651: {
   Name: Regulation S-X (SX)
   Number: 210
   Paragraph: (m)
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 4
   Subparagraph: (1)(iii)
   Subsection: 08
  }
  r66: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19,20)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r67: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19-26)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r68: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.20)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r69: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.21)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r7: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721665-107760
  }
  r70: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(1))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r71: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.22)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r72: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.24)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r73: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.28,29)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r74: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.29,30)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r75: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.29-31)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r76: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.31)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r77: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.4)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r78: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r79: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(b))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r8: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721671-107760
  }
  r80: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(c))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r81: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.8)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r82: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.9)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r83: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=51824906&loc=SL20225862-175312
  }
  r84: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393222&loc=SL20226008-175313
  }
  r85: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 16
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393222&loc=SL20226024-175313
  }
  r86: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122208
  }
  r87: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114867106&loc=SL7669646-108580
  }
  r88: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114867106&loc=SL7669646-108580
  }
  r89: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (i)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114867106&loc=SL7669646-108580
  }
  r9: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721673-107760
  }
  r90: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (i-k)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114867106&loc=SL7669646-108580
  }
  r91: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (j)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114867106&loc=SL7669646-108580
  }
  r92: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114867106&loc=SL7669646-108580
  }
  r93: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114867106&loc=d3e637-108580
  }
  r94: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114867106&loc=d3e640-108580
  }
  r95: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114867106&loc=d3e681-108580
  }
  r96: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114867106&loc=SL7669686-108580
  }
  r97: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114867106&loc=d3e689-108580
  }
  r98: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 16
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114867106&loc=d3e709-108580
  }
  r99: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114867106&loc=SL34724391-108580
  }
 }
 version: 2.0
}








begin 644 0000047111-19-000010-xbrl.zip

M
*0EIAH =G67/T;F8$9- GDD*6=-5)9&S
@G(IZ(C$Q^_G]O0X][(6'D




M05.'N
52@0M%=W;M.2'

MM$

MW!6#+71*1.X4-+;MXL:V7=1X'(9@KR;E0



MN59D\:EKH8ZA?+KGFA1
.+MW3$(2E4Q@KD&AS^E3K[W:[[!F^9FW/0!4^=RS
MRR5HB\:C4EG-KB^55ZEMF6NRQ&OG!?[.9*:B7@1N%$BBH);*M;M
A^\
Z.





M%3QX0N\PATDLE





G=AS
ST3

M4.=X

M97XL*')B&0J68Z0 &Z-10^'T72*K


MA6@HHYGT2EEV9UE
5AR1^8'OCX?%B'/B\ -%ZP=H= 6M2.C:\ZLT9:FSY.*R

MM


MN





N]
VNT9[VN]5

8';


J*)/$=P^BT1$UK9Q/.]WKFM

MN_$=\O8/

YGI/:(

MO6FO5S4\@$U
1M1S/1(: /A^$.9'(@F@82U1$GA%%7N2T5+D#




0(]#8

#[G)HK&)

M#-W
5+/3 ?(UFX(5#9?9T%X(=W #GW.([0(6(&*4+KBQ[R9#@)#DB7:J9%A_

M\S%W\9\!]2D/=+](U FLT#$]PCH)+MZ&9UC]O)V0-+EM&N#H8
Z$;D]0NWJJ
M_HJDBHHP

RJSJB$=*M^J

M208YQ7T7=.D%QO%;GSP8HR(/KA1 OVLT4U:@/T XZ9!)WUJH@!+[Q/]8KG^
MYR*.I-?B4-YRP/QF

M'#U*F\YZ
:^I22KMXZR[M^GDZD-:;IJ;PJXLM

MXLQ]KVIX\:DE\\G_*IO'&Z:4XN/
@&4N4+?_&KN1.Y41-5\/[FCDD0YP%





M@:JVM=[

M8O/G%+/\CJ:I@MZ3.J8


T7'E[MBNV.V53E1::.E28HZ(^ K&C)QM]M'$3=P4Q()UPK/1VT



]IK2U%-@\!#\KH)6U14
M76B9LJ#+HJ:TNY(B3
TPW])F''95PT38VO%$W;H64E$+]11U5^6[
E +S5!D
(I:D&&:?#)X66[/O..JADS:DK /


MQ$F_*A-BO@W]V:_$\N*!886$UNA\#8GO4)FF10BWT-=9/7A.L#P87%[GI6ZW

Y@O*IA0JFW-QFKZW2F!3*=R:Q6QB6A%=J#R6?R

-*8P


M-4&;

11--)5W]
MD74!V.:

L*XPRM 5NCV^TS%IYT3-E+)NP[PYYD?


4/P
MUKQ\K6V?VJ_K%+T&1YT@K=MKM:2VHDGMCMKMM4MVW*MJ4 




M4/D

D$B;JIJ5VSUY
4
M13 
N=?-?$M;-Y29C5O5



M2/J
$8M*\T^-8BN

M!+76=D =9L1]GCSZEOV=;0J
;GS[.@7WH20]%2/ITS0 ^RKYSH$GOT$/[2S_

Y(N?7C7I[



M^R/='XGGT1?=$)^$EJ?[CNX
W2;)]IS39B$9T#FA+RF@
)!-Y ?;:?7\.0TG.<5%0VRB%F_M
MVU&13]N?;PV










 U^J^P[U!R,JA<[DZV1$YL#VQ;('$!$DWR[9D 
M!/!Q*HZ+3_3CG#PJBJS6D.8


MM6T&)DY??G)!=5(NB*#.:J:7KGY=_-T_XZ\E[O5DSS65CM ZOGH^41F/
7



8EY
IFC
MHI1F7CK'2&G6(#%5'QZ^^RH/]47+7;%FOMDDBKY:;V#7R+


M@'T=6.XO@0= _1+XW\FD![/W]\#U8[9UTPBN/\?.=3

MMSTJ7MHL[A(%[QK?57.::5\&I=]:CUT$3=U!DV/-TA6O78E*A:Q9^4VL


I XZA^G6^J1;V1X?;7Y3[Y91

HT@.A5MMLVXM6Z;:7






M4*0BDSU=)KN'=Z@?DA\@-$\

M.V:O=UQ(8GT._'Y




(


S*
ML]BQ+PCHS+!YG,@(*^ZPXJ[F=A.W7.&6J[I:3BQKPK*FNEI.C-8Q6C]N8=-2
MF!G6R(TM[S.Q(G+WY+E]=I9UP^U?**7#O$4)AB7K7'9NHX879^^85(&DS+U


M*GZ C

5


MR
=90SX^%-)P)PKC/Q]HMHC-.?WTQ?7=X7BXACW'HSPN0& ?I^*[^$0_SLEO
MC_;WK$\*J5F(L6O.L?H





M8&[VU%8S

MQ8*D6BIP4Q)7J

S8U

M6N4L

Y/UR-[@5J.:NL8&


Q'=F]9R4OXQQ$


B.UZ-&3S@FA*K-:@)G?00?8.

M+)R6C#4!R;J#/1Q0@%N+&QA$=0_$.@KC/Q]H+1S#!/WTQ7ISA^/AVG:NR2$8


M7F8 DB'1 @P+[O5U

S/8S(IT52G
M;H
P'NA#$*1M-4
S9AGKY9


M?2UB38.L9$U$Z)$GL8T!_+D'\#2)=6V*UQOD7^3_C[VP'!VB=T2UD 0#-J!
M^X+=/O&=V.7%7?0.S4#16M
\ZHA'LB?R2QIN+8_DZLG-\JZI1DGN_Y1VZ4'





Y5P82[T+
MKS%77AG:




[0



Z-_P)2H@-]_RTA
MM]9PE@R_A]Z#$8X&[BCZ;6QY[O

MTLKO)S]*[7HS4$F/;=Y%O&DIU;KRK2B#N)8.K3
]9Z--*FH3:M.):--QB4OR


MAJ$YV


)F)@1
F
M
-%6[6RK7/\YM++BL
7-ZVA5CF)5BN8$%1@5N(K*#]3C$RW30'5NL#H?-';
M+&8MO'S]8P=


VJ
PGH








OF! R_Y/34:3WH-EN
'@3[Z7K1/&]NGJ1$X]$O)
359

W(/M!!(
M0=!FG8/-PG4FM%FXOH0VJY+D#K[S]4P
5R//I
-6!<:+B0<:'-0IMU
M-


&R2E
V'6+L
M@#8+7YMYIL:J
;N4

O\;N




M6GNN4ZWB5-=RJM6C3O5=/#A?1#%X;1=SI^=].QO,?2F D)!0#08$,I1 8'.
MH-E3O6N8RK3B9KHZO1B7KD!/-QC#UV;7FP67K:*[HJ%=: @Y;VLF\I5=\4L

1L'C;%PD+
'ABS2[-_B-@YT.PO989XK;1( '%[X*7V\\3OX\ *




\9Y:2?OKB^.QP/%]:

A9
M36.AT

U7-YM^


LD



 

9#V0%^*/R2]!




$,%2L$PBFXAIVS/J< @RT2-2<%@ITW?B$(FN\2


MG*PZ&M/[
'#&=GP7/I+PQ;5GYWL;@?]





M^B*F?MG6/

JGT=BCT.@-20RWVQO#$RG%P9#2J?'
9/\W;-IA51^
MT3T)V0O8.Y/B&\RATQR.O&!"/&=R-ZIV;!;X]FB&W5$IG TT5H8G0K&?=



;Z2$)RCO=[)_Y^(

M1CZ


MZ\=

MV]?NP:1_
-/'2[GFU7C
UF^;'HK66+)?;]8-LPL




MK4D!




U1DSY(
UX(-U

M ABIV:FKNX$*&=!1&-!Q89



@\@Y&@NI.);9$0C(0H[ 0O8 @1TB

=[$CX.K)#D[^NX


@F*U%5$5=5ELRO*

MN;BT'SST VXSH


-^K]L;CH+]@'U^39SP%G@.W



=<%E_*6!_(\MTA;






1
MB 5 KT 8NN*5S1!UO@&9P?('Y@!Z]0]A

N[%U0'%Z0SW@]#)2
MM4H9*N4OZ2\$C3.M*.:

M@

MGSOBC

MEQ!ZV]Z8=I:#6












M*;1)],MQK@*IOB5JFW?P ZXKB1[05T_Q#%J4.@-W^-P0(RY(3S_.
F)L-D

_WJ@@NBET'CIBTNZ6
IW)](%
_7





_%MJ
FRZB[#'E]

MXS6D#W+F]'O[KP:+K6XI-7FG$/R8L;L8#
MWS;M3R:!Z.')-+&] A-QPJ=
 &1ZZR$:7

M[Q



V*H
M6V(E.=2FJ79/I4P@T$T@=\




V+J:K






6%:G-





M.5FT-(]?KP;+UC;U- AVJRTKDMR5VGI+EMN:TA&4EJ'WC&ZKU5%Y??LE1FWK




9P#=




MC 


+2VH?-Z3^[2
JS6)XX?!F'Z0XMSG;]=1*ID=GC3Z
J2T9:[HJ)ILBF:DB3JNBQT#&I+





7!



E79?:.!+!2

M)=*CEU[=B%QS[US)6L!B%F@/R

M1


P'0!@
M


-J_@
MP



M9SJ93A*
]A:L9G:+Q L43.40G :SU7_EW[@#[H5$=
LK QCS \\3.K_O'Q3]
M1'\.

4VH@=IGA=L_A
M:A\COAE[0.



_N'\QYHPU8V24'LHWIW\_ 5$%@;]/
MCGJRGM-'I,R,HT)%BGZ^V@0]1SU?
E82IS%]I[ZJLS_)&%;XKP2D@%.%2A'



BOX.PO$


)G @$!@PD

M!)B!P9T=QTV!885.YO







0+
5@4R!CN+4 /;MB)&KYXFG$V73%B8#) (
MV&H%I0K/X
XO0$H_?S:8

LX!B7I)TD9BM-L7@)WQ&&4.V2ARDR/'S*U.)4Z&^++/UV2
9


<6'JT!U8(G:-OC0C[.RA_U:RM:_6#IQW2
MMVD

6]P)
P9)F

MEM0K3M]5V'7N'R&8M1V
VC3KF%/R*HEM
*) VKZ# \M[OAI1HD03FZ$_39%2


M://F^I@535=L3&['



M.LQ
K$LW7M*##DAD@3N?5G

TH1M_J0-P

MN9WX;*
U/4PIMV
DVVXQCCV2('H^F3CE-G6WOP6^9J=[W#C;Y^.I26TNZR\
M5K--66Q7O$W9!RY#X4&IE


MV=Y5:KXN.9AYVOW+'(W.-K7.Q@;/]B$ZFG_V.'8]D ]GY8M7H
DP2.DZ_+L?
M6L
(II^^1)2=%?%JA4ZT:!MS3-QR6 @297THO-_\QKD%P=!$*0C?'8Z3?!#3

M?M;(

T5M=L5S_QH'X67Z
M:8$!I066K(?!J]L0T%Z:(N3S&+:F%AL$VUZ
M
P '=(CZQAAI!6FX* AE
!
MO2:[/6&:TZ.;DNE^MWZ:$#V&JWS/D[6=
?6!$0







WW6A UYF2,VRFV09FJQ^!G?V;A%[[T$3TQ.U(K9CS(I&Q$[.9YCZ
M$M =DM#RF2-
#$SH1M_3D[R2!E/U2M4C]^NT0B]W9!$6]#./QUY2B:7Y
MBL5.LW









M'_89(! )!6CA

M-VY9Y_+A913,LH)K0*A:M!%07.MZ%V?.J_!+(6:&GU4M:EN0ZLWD5C0(?B


I1[RC.@C3AIQ+=*2(?/R1I*J^


&\1RF?Y&PKO^8]
M^3J




#HU!*3%AQ
M7^DHVRI^4F4
9 <I
1IO%6D1$).Y!.@

M&HE[T(%S6A\2LC^37J8&:FS=\IU0K OD5A;B
Y&]^6$^&]#*BE)1=PZ2@:V0
MH;]+NM&RAEZ.&5O&I0MDTD%&[)UD8N% ))5I*.

MU9'H;G+D0N0;SMI\SH$



##GCB21L8

@9HKOK)X2\O#$@OJ&+Q4









ML/ZO=K[7S@AI\ZL8XY2+RF'O\2RD$KH#Q029

M9K[ -$@3&NL1T$U&**&

6H./W%:S'VG0S'



MEN( &84MM@!_6SED6H5



M@Y][/0$KD?
KAD\Z)9;&_+Q%(07RD*.





 SP$M P&VO]$B.OY357P6QM8
Q



Y
 ?-2UD\7!QR!Q^%L](


HL' 


M$\[ZPOZD:0@_Y8


PSA
MI.3TU;1$

8=5*'?ZNAJ7!
M^MBP/I%I*SY7FN^:J%#XQ\B)/?S0J1_#Y2*=*'JD/RF*Y)A[$*A-XR!'T!IQ
9*U _C.DPDJYK/OP!H47[GD1]&3Y+L3$?I(17D@0KU.



B(^S5'&];R:17\+UCQ6UP2
W$JNW6
C




%W_-]+[XVX+V%_^23##:O/A;

8[A

G*O/J7D:Q^%*#$(JJ*%YH*(@2

MIKO#)JB

M=[Z0=:&KF5
)B4*^)S-P!N2UJE 7[

89?J:L


M0*4NL
12(^QE!')%N;V


MR=N_V#]$-$/Q\3\APY#E.P


P8%[]

6L&*BR=EIW0;J#0@
M=NZ+%!7E*T(1C[&O@
X
JY**_)U
!?FJB]CQ0+^@RJ0&!YE8TI^H3E

3HQW/M


M/P

W%0 X_2'E8
M0P('20(G1;M*@3ISI7

B:G9E*^*C/2LV*.$.
MS32R)L(;^W[%

MFXA]2Q4-1_1:)2(E#ZB/7!$U6I_1/%&J9X*-5$Q2H7=TN@6BJQ6:!E4?G5
+!DL[I_A

M(T^XLKUE(2.)I(3T(0(G22G!7+W$F*Q
FZS<+=^OK ]92(7G+(PDIHXOK^D





(PK;&QH[/!K3XO5YKP#?^%P/*9B[




M!S:()%3
G%


AAXA:A.+H(!C39+J@C,( -JBY\\.\

H63N':ZZZA=](^(XBOUD6E1W4WL+2/ [/PHP
M&F:N_CO_A/6Y&.QB?^-6PCX^JE47\/#_MDR]W^0]_];N(C1AUT?)0C
OG,
M$,&!$L&EK


4\!21O_
ZXQE\68Y!/B4(7+%0N%6
MWK.\A.K+:=5B@ 0EG&AN@4\W[0H&:D8 ]OS;=SFXN$\U'-85\QMQS@&HU01




'*R7CK16HVF



L(E$MC8HS\HH)3\Q4+2I8
MF7%J6]E

HFF*.0H$S0V?$Z(W&9S


XU2][I8
6
M$.'PPPUGCRAX;2L(@B:_6DK]KP2Y(#)$Q 9RP\GBN!_\89-IMTI-L/B'@Z


D0@



&&R9^/#@]-.=D^Q&5
M
)-%R!.A+
&=3QD72Y
UE+A85



7609H4+!*JT
-VPOV;QO
0QAC.%I)V[C@+
M2M9M?E$#IN #P9^01MHPO&)/@CO4E333N%E1M7/1.
T8(?8Z5(W
0%GF?
M@%*5&HAG2GL2?@;GS.MUQN6J/6FA+BF9+FD1A^^

*1/%3\CV7AN&:;5Z[-

^2)WO:O0AU9_*Z51Z#36_DT%CB/7S@]-V



FS 27*WB0K)293P0QC1


&)!0S


767'^)9Q?X





@&[
MQ[8^.P&X?3[^)+[[;F1C=.]_/D-O7X AY/:'GK;15PU*()W&N)7RAWG.I8


V

M9T9E)S

MX6ZHB.M@*2P
7LYH!%[-?[

*(

MR\.\16S)
F




MJGR
#&#(VK$RURU5DG%CA-Y0'F(Q;)0E#Y8)+


/B?G=2#(GV
1\RY; 4&/B3
 JB
9:$C&(G26-4R/G!4J')

BD[L1C7+U!28_Y


C
MEYOI!%._28U+^BP:@X1NB

MT72689_DG1]GB=![3B1:BM:O)\5]?@0L[FLH!+G0D(LMY&03U=:H'5E)
JKY


M



J1@81#G4JI:=WZ=74^2K]'@R4IDPN(V=%J
8


M B4/1AUDB 34!_824PQ(W@#I-C8Z99AH
32$]Q\*AI3@L=E4W
J1E (JL%J^
M-4'3

I-Q@_/ZQ
UXBX%E('-
ML/)
^;O:G#[FV?L'KBL'7L

.+P(M1X;
M@E);@N3)7T7!3+1 ?% G&1@/)+@07 GU?:3-PTM$B'!NNB4;*6 CX+@[QW4H





MDC1T/P9

MRJ^8=X.V!H;
Y;[8H'5!$(A\03GJ N(:
6)A@:.HHWGI87@=M57+1N222
$H
M+DA@/7J_LHRQW0KNKT5K(8.4[ 2;.0@(^I2A+F&G*09%PBPJQE/F#AW
M5*$GD0L*(#XA,Y?N0XF-XBJ :!1D^Z\XXR'.3SV&L,6Y00(]@F+ 55KL[
M5?

A


D9N

!2;'*TB/&
-Y*'Q_0X ZV-6IA0Y*-,*/R
M1$+27,F/# Y#OFR\G D@0@@2H\R


M'BW#AK/AJHIG2D-
9
!QT?[?BC7YAOB[U 6L4*
5X+64^1)'=R'7PA YX
!R

A
%[&A@2!IA7!7CW]MK+F96FS


M-D!SHV)5ES'[ 3SW-P2&EL:U
05#K#R=/2*@F%5A&Y'5I\/EKY*BUZF JP




6]EL8^

ZWUR0E=ZJ5]4J&:6]WZK;Z].C)7O-4KKJXZ.3Z;P6S\%3?^


CGC
M3E60! Y#KQDJ





U:-V?BANWEG@77M






MF0QI


2TR!W8L==3];.5!6_K4HD/\
M

M\O8%#]^5L@#7=$D24CX0%CY
4
BY69(PTWZ)@/$;S6+ =$CC?HBGS_.AO32J
M!9^0V-J

BWG42G@M2&*E'.D?


8\R=05@@TR




OS\XN3

;#:W9TU)+X+-Z
X430:^2YJ





\;O+V+:W\9V:_?5@1_%Z$U





PQ@G?3]/U41.Q*+5<MF$[U1*:CUN(K5T)T1L1]0N


6I\Y:Y
MH)8Q0_=;?IL(ZI[*;TU(8@
3^/:SV ]8&%=2*




NC[/'8

M31_WZ6(UC$SJ-EK4






?(R











MH-E;
M?0:E&2OKGT=C]^=!
A;GR5W'(7-:/?B.T@F;/KEK]2/JX:SHBHD&UO\S5\

.L


%YP:X


*MU[55
MW
)Z
\L?/)F'NH

MJ;?M!YIW'=F[GCU5Z6!;I ]G?X4L:KU[?+//G:+SDL-X?F__X*5['ZRV%77U
MNA9FQ@Y/8_T&^FV=CK1%_[;K#LZAG@+?E@^_D6LGN67O'Z[(



5O3O#MX9OCX5OF^M
1JWHW1F^-7Q[-'Q[!/KV38L


MHY$URM(L?OQ+T
W=F9&_#\IY








MF
@@)]9ZW_CQ..






M$V%;7T1J8D


(&QJ*/ B*[ WL]EJ!

TC?W;C(=IIY%U
M


^5=/(_7Z37NP%I*_



)AXT=^U95' MY\V0HR'''?F!AAP-.5:%'-=T*0TY&G+<D7=Z&+;C\<'Z


E1DJ
A0D:$B0T6&BJKK



MYEJS%ZI'D



M\



M=KO3
V1DR&@3
NJVFG:O87I%#!EM)HVZ+;N]UL1F0T:&C#1IU+$[^U4I=239
MP
)%TORF-;VEHXU]F-3@&Q8:V
U.VV[V#R.48UCL$




A0



S[:
MX

MLE[KK1
H-01I'(W+FJ_5C^,!/6+TX%OE^9YT/\$$E['_3QTEC*9NBW&-3MF
M7,VQDO[6E$:S9D#/#!5M*(I:M98!/#-$MD1=4SAB2&BS8BH7VOL%13LFU8^


:/SN*(KILW/AQ(DE0@^^

;V%K[8:-FV9_KM+JX(?.OA\-PKAJU/U*OAUWYK%(H$U.OC@VJ-O]Q
X








^6XHC.##W\GE@CFN=A\\9T-ZFM_U2)&C9%!Z9Q 0(H:



M#*5J%DHY BO!UR3^:




MK)]KX224-XU%^:F8*%/JZE;E%:9Y7@'-

U1,!J6+$5AL\FJ@;[$!W



)

F8

Q$V [&7OF2.P991]CF)235WXI$\4F

M/

@8C%\C


M!&J&*$NM/T0$_K[G_X\[6_FA.:M)'P!8)8_:$5

G




M




M7DWMYACKN1



D :&*&X!2@.E.@

^IHNG70JQDZ%

P=M ?[W!GZ7).V_HNAR)Y&LK]S^$6Z!T
BTE/(Q









M;AF[8;@\Y7Y#*_S=/]H=.-(-!:*BB#(_VQ3@R#EGPW4VUF]*EE(;@UM@UV!W







M;%.ZG9?B*&QQL*6R*BHB2Q/[[7;S;'#6Z7;/3SKU5GWP\:S;J)_U3AOM?J/5

?[E_/+K9YII\W+K2L[PZRZ
M<N^QH#GY
M$3B&Z@1I[,QT&GGX*@_6=*?JL-0T.N
E)$0
4V&2*2E$7:R6 :$0





YE7&K9T'BW'[ZQ)NP9#_C$K2\;!B8



+% P+4\:*9(@

MVJH&MFZ]*N9$XYP/7XOYK!]Y/FMBO;^)9KYK]1J='S=P8-5H



9



:TL
-;J9

U:YY3'4-US'Y$OLL95M
M:

M&+F!FRPP_M

K^2X^RW=C*4;9:&]7U;;B C7C%5.RL$2P=E!=PJ!4[
L_XK)0X+Q/H/
MWH;O)1M!ZL=Y:]+ 0H5G

MXPB%=4A8



F^]G.3?YXY.[O7I)@JV
W!TU#
M@88WX@&]V6W6RM$S6MO@(^T


1?B$+SIWND(M^SVZUU?8;FW8S]0)'$& 38
M*$ RY]=O9E;AXB%*(CBJ(F)MDCBJ*I\\JRLS&
29O:.6[Z-4LRW4G.JN.%T

M2.&V!XV^[6OYH'*-:Y5K3'U
]-&HR+Y2]?8V*\6
5?*P%(N=D\7Z1E\?=)N1
MSJ]83+%8!5FL-QSJQK@9J8W-RM!1)V;4B9E:2_UZ0U=F%$(5=F5$:0.C%3



WV#2K1.@6N$;7_SV
=
MDKK@A:8W

$ZB3I4:M3VY.DAC[JCG6C5\2::=I)TDJ)

T@&BSO&6M'7?



M55D8NBQ;AT(C90JCU$)?N_:7\



@S6Z^K=03-2*)N5U_/80I -W J_
M-(8]?3 I<F)&)?A41N;7&X+]KCY4E2 5 L_G70YZ^KA?J_(I;0_I'@%V:9\
M\?Y$GXR*B


M5N! -[JJV%YK1&RML#G2QU


*A





X1476Q)7OO^!GP;%;FO
RRIE;CZ7:C*
?;H))K-1$FN[ME61

@-6SM+;/8\I8%6M_0
MJ^YZ5
5

T/GCFE+
_@!


?#VZ%^^LF-_]5.S_0C3WHXI[;AWX
4J/)ZQ


MR86\7.@7R5)HFEQXJ.U1_(*'NN#0^'(L
IBL\GUNK@PD]M$$*][F:'N
-*(3

M!:::?\[XB%M

V=9NUQJ S(KB
MX[CR?B?)-
9O






MVH9=5:/8JD64(GWS2-_V+E M)KUJ]+2]Q_2&I\8Z7 )6OS \SQTN.WFH8]@I
M% *M4VK2RW







)GRL7KH$A;5SLAS ][5*\






M;R-A:+5-C&OPQP\^8\YBW4EGMBYC!;$TYK+0R(GP*; %L*/!
@8)EQV47V

MJEPNS1\X=)A3IGPH/&AF(DN&&.&*2\==H6MYA7])OG8XT +8W_(Y5= 4:AV^
M
[5;DSNR'N;2#*T%$XN9DDNCM2&ZR.6Y=\(%721 O
851-'@+QT+9:V/+ ]2
M'[]?

S*4%
%A_ :-H9
ME*
VBH]AVN]
2]85.H(!W)0KW.=#Y/#$$ 1(W#[
$EE%
ZF3GMD5Z#^;W'EC


MQ(PQ\#% N-XSU\5_.0

MUI9)CFY9)O


E&C(Q _UHX 80&N?@X3#=-05V'.76(VNWG_

M



A98S%*'HP?D9B5ZR=3N82CL
MRO;OO2QK;@I3N=^R
]\.1^/+\2*&
M.VGD4^&&(R[@!\]V3&5N[#
W/B0-$?_LW'1$DCZFB2S/NF)O11!:= ^





1\@8]/%P)2:PW&-BR+#[4MM%V'?

M.Y=8A93_M1FHY3DQE-/B*BG\938#
#*XZ;B
A'?&ORZN1^E.[Y&(QE\H4(
M+E!



AR
M1.Q*B_ 5&MB -L=F
?C0K*\3UHY^(WW

M'U_V?.2HG )'?R5'!Y(@6.:

J\!Y*0VT \$!Q.&)C.ZM=@'1.3*
MK'

;\7[B&)#SF9B@TU8I3@YC 2C'@'0BZ0@^?Z_T

3%XZ'#

M9TX1O'2U;]=R



ME023-@[I 00I
ND6SQR!G!Q/+L#''?+PGLFMVHVIA$'%66P.
7O?/4'
(&*%)Q

0(3
YV)+T5WH:(


M?:^0T4ID;$L+\#6V8WJ_8_!+E0G?T5
*G;4W2X;!D;@2P[%04V5ZFS=Q17U%
M_393OY@+8E13(6!Y
L^TS8;4-^UU!@TI;RK@I^KJU@-WE]W&U-5]I3!7#\SU
M&E

-
M-<O; WXP-C9+N[4+_85,% 7\V@-_4,C(;@[N2[3G@/LJJ&I:EJK:*QHK&A<



K58#FN9Q.U:E%=FK9


5/=6LK
\6U#W?Y*
M

MNU[X4TY6]8#7;T&2I\)=]7!G])5SWWSGOAW]6XQ)!1(FJQ@U54Y1+?!;+
ZJ
MX*O@6PGX@N]T_L



GHXC6J:RITR9(G3YA=^


M
1@JOE!\H?ABDR^



MIF=K'[S0].8.=C=^PSGX.A^6*]




MP'%0L%QK



]MF';[PP\%T7/\8'!\\=
M)J@2NAI[Z
-#OT3/M %L7N.]/-J3?Y;0\7-LO2OX/2R.:]A]\K(W.DF*GL*OPN]SX/<?
M_S7I&;U]J%J_5=-P[V*








M[^;])WS7_XZ AL@$


(?

GY3\'1)0 OY?92
W2WE$Z5@LU0I;(KD


8Y.

MYH(HB%9N+ D -;X%DT3(K4)GZ?R'/%9X!:PH*A8$ ZR9-^=$

XVIXSJ#;33
-4_%X%<XX<&?:)
C4



M$P/E:!6-KM$$2Q V?X!Y@!IW%H&KAW8N27$@I]]'5HX$ -TP&_Q_S!3)#;




9(



M$MOAPNRD1;$LW









JBL8Z3P3;

M8YY9R([VW_^.XQRQ&9S]LF[X9)1S-L:,LP:YEMO:T
XX91XR5=!L\I?PP6

EG_ZDGRX):@#$/*@42@K*$YR27=Z^


M+S/J].)TJTGLT6:-U63A2



 +7MBC?$F6RT



MHM#U K0LXU6:T
^)(LG32B+S)WTY
M'7? HU:._

\
=A
MT+V^@@ ^B/9499%7*#Q')MR=7.397S&AE'A

RO6[Q/
M=*.!I0)








M&':*=!$]^8*J)J$*_:='?[]7J









MYXIY'!89%G$.H\$#'IKK(UY8L(0UQ$G$



M8/


R^A81Q/1+F$

?F%U$[93!I IA;%@7-
M2Z@-L $2T;H Q0'S6##3MOP(1
O*YXZXS(][M@L?L?8$O$?F2U/+^+W]Y&
M*#]0EDQ(SH.WY
\]N


Q*9MA




BA S._P@$OPWLOP

M!J8-SE3P [ =FN :X1Z:(+UXY


3 G.



M0LS:M@]--+%KT=+R;

A&K^+WR8!KN!'7)CO<Q?'P

MF ?P1 [.I.O



4.QH)DLQ1$ Y@_*+MJP




G'SS:=_F







M7 4L=(0]D]R*:7\\EM8B2XCHL60[F&:[,KV[SV2]9@@3+OG=Z 1*[NWY&)









C-\9U?_![]^VP
MUS/ZU[BW93Y9ZIW.R<K[DS?OWG]Z]_F[]NW=S9\?O]]42Q8@I_%H:;#6M08
T/P.\E8Y

Y2&5F*!:!E@#$^
D\17P8HS-4($#'.EV]06P
M6VYRC\


F;U?-3#V;OWV5*]*324*(O B8VY5C@/660R  H6#!


]F


M78=1%6]!*



+


M%/NI7_H3Z_6R+!T2

=3)6?/)4Z3/9
M[:;](7=YJ=6C)@K,O6466][&Q[WZAKXA5EO2.CN!3K],Z)2T%@^)Z^E3%V.Z
M&QO9S05%^K:1?K-+M)]:T@_VK$TA93JB==@PR0O2R=2.5?:!R#7VT9C




AE E

I)GLLDW6+98%6CLD:



96[D\-W9_A6
5H%*)*#;IW)X6V





D=<UC12P9Y6C4S]$P^A.54:/065%T3DL^?:? J<!98AMQ=?BH


[O7OOE+T_M5


M[-@5[WS\ZDY%ZOK3RG+#$'\]


SV+45VL
M101/A


M6*M.BS+U@C.7Y]_8T;0;QK3//D@ HX? 1/Z\AJ=A@(SN_8-8W0'8WH3P!:*6



Z:&3M'G0&_DN*-O MO(Y48N#?









T#A%P2@%C49


M\]06J.YM'KR@5/VK7_)CJYSA!19V.:T
J-DAETJ?81GITZY1[(Q\Y8ZH
 SYHG?((YWL1GQ*B&5LN#\/7L8]G3N[UB1: J:\TH

FQ_'V#5O%9IK

O? _@ =UA_1XXL;]G1WOV
*TP__B[]@;5
BQS:
M+%Y56-*7'0V)L0JP=B5\[3K_$35^X2I$BZT9G?Y+S8X8SI0(@H_#RM&!:3.L


M9W[$BR/F%BO*'%&U;]?X_IL%?
'6

+WOFL7'EOG2$EQBEZC#PD#[
Z5HK?P


[!4D24*E

2FC99;MR1






MW#

VEG%MF0!7NQ7


M8]L@KM 


VF?6!'@9Z(382(DZUO@1HQL2$0VA9(
M$B'Y8SJ+9746Z@I!/MS- C[G%ZL
[[@%Q2?Q[# +OH'.U&X

7I'


==W;0!P:J/PINV;*0


67Y[L\7%
7&L@!([UL@EA$10HXC%?$ML20'.#'L
MRB+:]#W1RI&]6^@R&A5GB.2T[4*F:0#Y4X^TA[8Z^64:*\:/6 M:=</VM-2

6W/8IU8:6$/

OJTX;9L]H/X#% 47($V  39VJ7Y*G/#
JLDZDAUR_ .N%9_1Z:UIN:Q=Z;CBD91
M_A) #O:'T)S);%^:WH_M3&!9++QC:U<1_&S)IB? 1#3-B,\0H7/AD[F3)H
M7Q0FM!%^S)R%)2\.B6/&M\O5BES*I0!T,*(^Q/R'\WP2
!-CW41(&!^V+



M/6

QE7'7N%IUO+















M=I0I__@T


M_W#%W*UA;M0A67






3+5?)Q=BA-))CIH9T23^T6#KDNK/:


W-DB:SQ


M.-I@JQ4(5+)L C8GK


M+WK#M'
IM!1FM@G!.C R(A4)4?48 6VCLOBSVSPKM2DF/;(*%O-IN.':K

]KUU#OY;;


MJ( 

RQI





MIPQ$-L7M#'J(^XD,R(7[,&7R.)^(1L))$=
))[S35(2*D3BS7
1OA]5^CQ



^(Y$_\'28/#APH53VS&8ZF:E(_
M+%6KHKS:ILG+?F(A

2;P)=R<'O1#GN4+3 4-
M6(8=J? $'=0(-O-5 ^L5**42+%<FO\&JR1<Q_)MBRYK.I-BALF)7RDIU5:G

M





Y

M

A@


N_?(!-/F
4LG+#MO=N&CZ3F2=2?P
M\0[\JU'YUDQ0(3IWX.$NR:A\0DJL5$O_5%;6$*-H(#XQEH4\
V4?)9EE 

MF]


MUL!*DAQ[/JQSJNZKATJ3E
&W^8KH



MG2V

Q)R)9$[6P@I8I<M
*
3::3)?

MGL

R]P$(


MGYS=QGE[6\ AVQEVZLG?',V1 U RI3('=\S8*X:7R9K5C/-&F'JQQ.)9(X
J.'XC62OA^_4\1MA=JZ;UW=:W2.CX38$
M9 U(]&-3ED?564GO8CL P@CHKA$(J<4%8*9E](3OJ)X0X%8R#DR8B-H@1-=1
M,B=!Q1@!0NXG0[(0FKLN%\U+/O 5UZPS&]Y+E(5@.)VL,EP-RP.J9_PA<;,+
MR]NC5(TIBK(1@W[YNZUE$ GI8,0K1B2:OF@5+N'60%#+5]X!2N# L)5IP!
ML:=<2#[.:,7[':(6\==:L@5 &ENQ<^J@9$GR**G!.G&@SR@BHRN32[IR#


SVT^N:46G%6]P5CR]:6)
!7P_N98D
MFFD]
2C

M]1]):-\^WM8N]W]XUTXV=I9W#*F2M;BIDJ[)7*)L;(%ZQX(LH3TV*]S'G;

5^ ;%WKG/X\X#[@H9LOER

M: JL$P!FDZQR-E2*=$)



P+*- ;;MEA1S6Q$Z;TBNX= 2G)Z468BX6



MG*:]2*8T/T5$F

JZU/-O S6CR#?C2
MDA6X;.M$T4$ \L3<GRRIJP5F?I41[;+-7!7:EK+ 2(VZ W6J(\!V^#3W0'64
M?7SZJ]=P+[S@]-<?S2<G<4[LCW-%H%YI B;P/B61FS1YUT&N4X5+80G1%I
M!F2.;LN$#Z(K]DL2M1_9A%H_8RYD'BCMFHH:D@A9N.Z2-?A[T%CH4/LH&
B

ML6ZOP^Q[[MF9655K*%DWR#J&N#IV+&/USE2XR+#%J+:HM*$[$ LW^&8UD2
M

ATQ

M'LY_
Y3$]&+^/


MMW&W%Y6Q+%7DK^2V=#BEE\?9&@.)$C9 =8ZF# !T(FP9R@PN#0FPK8_0MH9]
M'=&+$&3X!WY1=M)EB


M'?M%\GUU)7@RY4^COHX* T^-H*(%D1O*^@KWY+S0S2-JO$OT1N5Y6UB+S/N_
M P\4XW6G
:PTYUD25#_%*SL:N-$M?O[PP@'ZC/








MJB36GYX4*QY\3]+'8UB:4=$_(-$5C4[98 4UU.+.2]P97VF!VM\D@3V1/;:F
=A2!V/JVG4B[*0Z($6E
M#T:G@1@*B 3IY&&);*&^R7JB^@CCPLSZWB6H &+2Y &\HIA!W










 Q?ESV]$U@_$E5^.L2IMVYG$TH\?;-6S_#ZQU:;6V[E


C^N;)1WM2

:L



@:.

M/?E4_DC+N1HXV9V/?:S;F8X*H-V#I




M/DG%Q+:DT?OYPW9 -@:[;04CP:H$G02H'F==A//Y_C?Z_@JF





M-YD0P? WFKKN'FO:/]C]A%^/A4:YBCR^7








D;WC!F8E[X9% F=B# _8!;*\

\)$(%(E;(N^#
MU0$H*VZ(VCT'$$=85.9@EU%ZJQ6 *_!NT.56H+ @4.#AQ7I.&Z9SJNUN&L\B
M^'%OY=;H'P)+Z6-]6G
 6UG)FLZI1(Z'D-9[$]@_!-EHZ1KE#0GE4CEFQ(
G

5*T2//@.P4M_H%$12S-7/&@!R7LZT&


MC^U]!]P-+O(UQH/2 F;A(6U\R;
4_IXP+.X4.SF1Y _\7TYK1XDSS99(AB@A
M$K '\


/S^<GG7[4OIY].

5H*9YPIFC6_C/

M64X8G00HF41?Q1_;$#@79D6+Y4T[$Z:9^\P7;:31K0+\#QI%_O3[P'T!PZ
MN7Y#GMX3

G]
M/09=M86/PBX1[*I=)[GT31&L;;(1 Q V U[


7]!-JXZQD\?X:Y9-F2^Z
M/




@7*_P


]QC7\8D+H&Y$<37<7H@88BBM.DJ7(
M=&&;ARMXA-_*CLI6!$^/$_B
L-&7 8/ %&

MF1 $%/I4.M(S +SI1^YR@V87%'0)$FK3P





MG!=7\2UJU4N


J];:
4K+(7K'2_C@^.]9B\4R0F#E++F0)/O\W K*71%ZAYYD*-Y
MD9406MUDY=:9KK+$HV8/I/4+F(GLV-



=5Q

M1

MN&DNOF0]IIX[4RHM(MF8#.8Y)3=Q+L12E*K'BZQ15$PE1;C2444^BG X_!55






D*B
Q



MAV5AVQ7@

:1!44
MK

RZ$P)T999@J5!
3^2+*^.AX?9[K0)A1^
20E6HE.+


MR6Y4F0P8OB$MDK1
X2#)V3Q@6/5Z28U!BGFVI-0HIC.A:DV0X


JH##*14S)IN+%7IJ*\(Y?MDZ

WK];WWDOE)

M-C
?FLKH;7


MF#?;H*Y
GK=K\ISOTJGKLG43;[?KW:433$K!28IZKH3
7MD5A2@
P7X3=WM#

.=JO7_=3?+;97]307Z [#?-!\I^$&@/

MR3Q*%@6/-UR([I R!7,N0$;C7/,C(ZFUV!]YW+] W^&5&!6:E/26IE;'%NI
MQ;4FM-SH%OR*ZXB\EH _1KI7[D;SB!POIO[6ZMS(84)Z!8M) -HN@$W0X8-
M



M@;S6EY [K2.6]X%M1/&Z-:!@N=(R?
#BK*!Y@@PF-!(E=%@/A#A)O^]ZA_QL

WI-/!R
+D[T:=N
M&U#DH+/ /78(]0S=QP'W,:^O<)SZ:!%K0 ;#8,CU(%&RAA&2232S:!/Y)=Q
MF8HO4JN(K;Q?+TO_5.W(\7'B81^8SYT=.BSC.IFRR/^]W!%HDQV1P/9M8).*

M8J@9YZVMIU3O6;Q*;B^*1U0=*%.C:_&U(4\$)&M4Z@96UFQ@'5*
V3.8Z(.%

MGB\SLKFJ)2)-LS+ORSR[P?IV3-O
LQEP2^:


M@+&Y6KOW6M4/5A*6S>T?==A
MBU_V*B\+Y



MJ?PPUW%M^WS/R+RX&QGUKVLFWIAXYMQ.SN?@C3]X2Q A?RKE(9F1L*_V$G\'

M!)6&*M2J4N6NNB?T^KIQ;-3R!J1@\&R+






%Y4%S


$EMO(#.E%S(I[
Q=-#0& GEY=L7@V=CF0-KUGZ!IJI
MU6,I65KBWZBI@M&[Z42:)7FQ*I&($.4J9NZ+70*B]D1$*RX/N!*'R26BE=S=
M5L6&4EY_-N5L3J)UP3,5)<0OW0([91FN\65)*OJYN*T(65(DO#
NWII@[2D
MOS9]1(RA4+

MR]C&MCV70R8SWJ


ME:4Z-7F&T[K

M57YD+665QC:(=H=PN&G][3S;OE8C'F'G7:;B\




M
W*OAD_AR7

)H2REF)
L)U-))25D
M86LJ.UBS^%+$,#('687KUB-4C5WBW ;NT#3@[D;O9J\55\B-NRK\I1WTMK-
MEN$K.ZFM=(N3V8?.QZ+YFMBA\_Y-*^48ATF8.'$$B4X[WY+1*G\U3PAB?EQ
MCR?G5Q12X

M1E+G'F 3SF
6$

M^-9L.B-:G4@!98VRA!UE'*+9=K;66)E:!Q



-HS LX=#=S0.'=.U^WK@#/H#/^B[
M@16
K-H L+VRH4L-O(54:-=Y.:G0V^P#8%'L1+Q@6]9IIS*D-RN7MNSHO_\(




MS4QG@TU



HK;!<<U8;E56FVY



MU_K-(GK(\K4P RR3*V*8IH




-YWGF53R;:)94.7YE?UY3E6H9TCE.R
MYZQ6B4\-3DJW
?J_
M@M@)+]JO





MD' 'P_$A5W%WJK#/L8B 5.ZWB8%O$NN^L&%J/Q3IAJ5E_C813[$^Q?H4ZU.L
MKU/J[9U&?56!S*WZ(\

MW\




YC\VXXI\]KQ?9_]O5@!]&+DC&






MK=B()C&X(Z+N4S%CL=6 2M;DHYKW3J#9LV*9SE
V
OVYRMJ;,T:Z&(CG-L
M%LHF)1-S]0)=Y9DOV3SA#43QTEQQ8HU$!7T2B





9!?1MPM)^91U7R!]6Z1


V][B-11C



UHD_X
M/
!*4Z]M?%?[4 H7EFVG9PT?Y\4M; +7ON4D:18-MNCE[ZDW(JTY=ZM&E@@6
M:DQIVF5CRJI+-CM9 =YY H\@E$MX&VILV'D=S[
EZV&[P$Z;/.19QU)Y8A5S
M!!$$*;*44]/L'@YLG #-7
3UH:BLU2:-)RC=P V



MI(



%_3CVQ++*C&(CD7
78(+ZXRFDZ?KE$UVHH7?&6B4R^!G$]K




MSRJ7X0=%B6]@?R^V$WJ;R*^FVG3D^/E;R



M&M6S*+B6ZDZM

M0%YZ0/]3=J




M3


K+C




'







MML:#8!^Z_1J#3I^6@X[0;A@G:91.4+


MZ44*


M
-12NUFY2R;[N;?QP)'L_@F+%SN4?:$[=HR1Z8[]
M4'<&(]OW1[X_=&US:!K!V'-;ILQAMECF\14Z9Z_C'TGKYT<7Q;5W8]\COVV
.\2G%H#H(AZ.TNV, .L;;'UON<(0<R7%'9ABV+0XQ

D=^
MV'?ZX_[ 
$%W#YS0M(=&



\6[BO4%

FNDRFFH4=%
MEM)98AYN3F=



9(EP38X*\70&6S9$44 K]2[C*M12)I*MED3^'@Q'W6

MA &8X#'53

MDO1HX



M\


FSWMVP)677)@[0%

C




?H^C3 *RT^?EPD+

/XBGLQ?;
MUU+2
N=.$IBTMZY3.FZYC(*<^S
MG+4;A84PNBLWSR/]?+5



MF42&7[1@G?!%7_QY5O!GWI%6)X&2E*%J =A!
EJ5#]^:XKAF4A*L#Z N[)P?
M 1BK+


M6MS.K\%4C_;:/#9J?2$[O]L1\





M*D_BX\#?7#







Q2F
;RTYKR1)AP&WTT2EAB;^^M^Z!9T4L -LMD<@RK55
X-PX :Z%PX=N]\/K)'G!;;CVH8[

CH^WC&S^VQ_57V2]%8R-#0PP'XWD:



C


M1E92]X=43@
@QL
RD
J)-8#

MDTD4#U3%[S1.38B?R1ST.M+46%K5%(.S7&(9-J'3*MOC%&+IME2A0EU?RL

W1&?0$


:B'


ML!AF!94H[&OAO@*F7'J$S'L\0OOLM2/








MJFH-+:
?]/U18 S=D3&T!^

MC-'00#($F3@.1@-GX(_ZOLM=899E^/9^E-ABZHWI.#W#:]7B[APEOD4?_0EV

M  I482R')_Q]SM)

BW3'HDD&$XW&BAN=5/4YC?A!5Z3W#;E-O[KYZW!WO
M]^'TYE.:





J[2(&
V[KK;(0;
MJRCC.,\60WA_DJX!!CP,F:7%@/


\8#\P0J-?O6V$P#(*Q& DU
MZOOA8&-8W?




-

M!2N\@3TP''^@&X$Y#'33
M

SXHH#5,GSW3N9_Z*B0UW/<5L<XW7? W72M*?:D
MV--;8D]^I9MZ@Y'KN,@L&^M.^SKYEA$K(=.W[Q;-SUH$*UO]OQ#9+^_-N9T


V?934/N!V6?

MLIU7S9$ZY5I]+D


TKG*IA

M9P]&P


[U'=$9T/%]N]\2CWJF5-/'\C'5AGP
JN3








EYS


GNX8;9;Z[WNL#T51U:Y$:_.\'%&@HU




5^9LM2I)I/M

MU[








'

M)HT]P^Z/#RR-[U#VE3!^B\2GA'%WG *F;EN5UNZYX[[N@(0.#&/@N.%@H'/?
MON?ICO7CM/;'-75XB%? L'JZW69G4.454 SF+3*8^_B+6_$7LQ^8EFWJ@] R




MY5


MU.BOJIU8L:#/)]GM8K7^85FNI\NRVE'993DOKZ?K['86]E^:-3?XM0Y]?4F6

M+*?%;
.QO:78_GZ;8EE.%\ML52[?3:_*(/S5.N661Y-;WM=.2WC3*X*U=P)3






3T!/0
M3^JO
<YYS(D6R5U/N.\E


MC3H\U8OK;%V\S\(]+J_6JVQ95EV#\]\JONJ___G-GS=/+BN/\&TV\G*[\R7E



VFJR.8\#%?#E[.AE&VM]%&0F(?D+@W

M[1C1I6NFOGYC?SC!


2'P$F4SJ9,
HZ4(MJS7:.7


M

$_ 3\\P/^OI! 0M&TDT%I'
.8
&@TH= K

%$BO '6*6*@=D1A1P7=:@AA
M' 6X%QHB&H'
002P








.^_.X$/;L:*Z[P?H<
*

PPC(^Z@
 'F


F1
%(&ZFX0G8W_
7A@Q@V8'414$\<T\M!P1:U3NCZ@$A;1@SF((KOD1Q@O27*TY2Y
M!.?S@_

M8
\;

MA$^X6*R+6;:H-FG85:U=FDTWVW0[K.C[/)N7ZYJJ9)S%AU_?Y8OEI%SNKA[?

G[A:S*:3^P\\

R;$'W-)_7E6)./


?MJ+D!R!X\'_
MRYLAH;_?Z$]^S4C\FGU:#C5A&





?=3^%@0 ^B-K@
@AHN3
M3H43.4514K&<!H6FZ'MO$HZ/UO



^AU$V1/.*02(5


MR!P_KZWQ


MV


MPI




MS2._3R?KFQ^E^+.DD LH.6!$RC_M#'FP[K/B=E7^N/OEIT_-]K/[FIW[D$L^

ME^5R&X=AF(^\U'-OHN$(I9X/*%X[HO]8'6XGX8]7^'P Q9SQ;HAZ\R;X52DA
MU\MT[ /R$[U*6::M
=:M\3@*G3/2E^9NN0SF*2M6JW*]^C$Y$D-?Z]#7-QI9

3[;\N-#^XLTZNLA/3=IX\.GG
4<8M0# :5P!-:(T@83-03$13'2%

MV!.+Y;1
F93'



8)-!!@?&.
Q

MB$&.9
RY#[VU[0E$YP&BUF T0(P#BEI

MT =1))S - PPH:;:CEO%
(3&4BUD^ 
:L[7
AA$?(O=(8(K4%
=D#FG
*KS^

*.1#B?6]VAX?&
M




OR#FH%'+4
MZNA'B[2WCE/24$E##5I#L::-@SL/F 6628L-QM1@:6L-A;@F7^BC.AZ94TXI
MSCDZ7@!W%AIJ\!FG7YXK_?R7YQ?/W9M
O;#9FXN7YO_\_/(7ZUZ_V; U\I\R
M]W___OSB'R

M^H
C]KKGV;XM/E14K^


M1J6@4GKAH=7:[=HW%'=2=2HTZZW5JL4XMJO!N
SQ(S

]QF
M2=;B+R$*8QO
?@@[
#

PQ_7NH4CLV[*CG_WG6
2D.NYM

XI23$]:A0@\,4I8+67!%)BY*Z)7IHN
M+5
[XE'SB2ENI\&#_:4L5N7+R[6HOKXYT]X#S$93D2





)(_0'
6

M$./KP(_DQN0

M5C?%LEQET]7JKIS\F
T7\S*;SK




MWOK
7\NWE^4R1MO2=J

;,)JCL7O%]@,W3^MHF^S_X<]
M[B2A=ZSH94UEGK).4R 9P9)ZA*AR;M=U()$3CT'O80[+T=&+HC8*]0Z]@TMO



&(
,4U)[(CG$5FMD:Y] !5^[.\7P4:B,
M-%XXQQSF0*!!HW)P,?O%LBQ6=\L/=3U)^ZA/F?(LV(=-LUJ_6



M6*44PYBF7WZZ


MN8[4:?Z-8ZPSX$!#F#6EX1(IPXW'P8=1&B(EZ*[2BAJ!2&?:4IO%Q6TVT?&(
ME7

Y95A1X4&(&KCPV_$*QCE 78=Q]#0







MMR04-):$*0NUHXXX2CSQ&G*!ZE-\R:@Q7YGRH^:3$YYW\9P#'+L'Z-$[H9_V


O/SUE7KQC^Y^[_TJS
L7

M





*X$PP\[[@GDQKJZ#\-ZA6FG
MW/&KX.:QP
TIRRE.4^T2M!.T'P9MU+0L .&Y@)PAY80FF %&?=WL#9G@GQEV
M_15HLVC01B ').8HJ513W /O7TW^YVZUWI0R5/4.RS+LH*OIK
SF35@0'J_^

MMBNVO VV9%IL?)VJD:5X6W55_6?S0)^IC(_HY$$ FI):0#0DDF+*!3:0
$Q]


E)8P

 I:&D7*

MDN7[ZO?R+*FHCXIAUIIE3P5@A '% XX%
838+88-%T3I#DG3FVK&D:[NM6G=



)H7
RFB-

:/;6$H[)X)TO


,((@<QA9 GB=\P146])A_'H$CA[F*1XTJTOD0)[-J-%'RO($
M@T;/VL-\_O:VFZK\JUL<9W-%M7W3=\%C[










M:




$_=E9CQR%A.Z

M@CZHX_O)2$
0\-1*
1%AO; 24\YJ2:)6E4?HP@




INCH'2.U+Y]
V



J




PX=E)JIX2PP
/Z



SS6E.





@F:*V^FZF!UYT!+*8_9F7^HK/NN 5)*;0CXW0=?UL7





M;^H.R]VN;/4+S1;5!4[?E9.A



MAZ/R\3[M?\KE8A+T;27
S13M!
@$R

6+A+WP K

Z4SAUTHL02B(9AAYC#TV!AA:U8TJ!CX
M3*;V\?+EZ85.94QX\P$OP2_$\*/-O#37F$LA
(08DD!5')'2D@(HZ*;XGD\



87W[$AWJ\VD
MJCJ_/#TE


M_$U#3JJ
9JM7-8KG^85TNWP9_
MYG(]V$J//:XEH;SE6FJKO81(:JZ<YD+2'4TOYI:2KQ4IORYOZZ3SR^LWU:V]
M'?6AAM[S*-<1F@N0



Q!S/V/\FFQ%4(OY241IM?
W+Q7*Y^#U\X0@G


MR+CG# F09] 2EC9U$*,27SE,@(!&8 5US?FK!?=?#3(/!F0T[Y9+E$L:
M=5Q:[T YPBSK?:14M=7

M7H
.6\



M.8H







MA&

_I*N4
M4K)J$,@CH'6PZ0TEA$.$*9)55A7MSDP!.D7DU4/0EXT;Q@#D&
XQGQ50MX@
MD


#



[9*5']
MJ/Q6WP:3)60E(!HE(!0",.$#& ,N.(T9;M^

N8

^'[SU2MN<JU-RAEIAGU)
8ZLZ)P!/1
M&

7^=S&[^U2+/-_:]!A=80+DD*=\

MRG%_Q2DOPZ-[W/$'B!8'T4X6=]7\E]
7W
6Y5W\\YDWH=R9CGT83K;$709-!
MS8

*;N]O;65DQ
M8Q6SS$Y75[/%ZFY9[DDJX5-2+9R581CPPI/TD_3'+/UA91Z?!Y]C6:[67YE7
M$GV1/71BS^70 H.&O1T!!2A@3#I.H/=  K$CG45.@4X=[T[4KX*DCTK]@5%.
M1

*^0XFY











5Q*J&?+4LK\OELIQL-L&;+P\8




RVIZ1.DSI-ZK3?



!UJ



MT)H#PH-&.PD[9#\UVH/9/PYNYW[R[GQ1KK/I)B1(S2A#7^O0UY=D.9SU)5D.
M9WU)EL-9W\%




/BF/R
I#-
K#2HZ59YH@3[5E
M@A

MMD/_D!:

D?R)*Q=YW+NG-1'
A[C


M6


MLI +K_7Q+&:

MM'2:FJ2?I)^DGZ2?I)^D/]*%)^DGZ0^SBFI?3S#E#=


MI)^D/]Z%C]D)8%@V=
O6$(H1EE9:(P0A!M9T:PHAEU4)R9\&.8\&'53_^R

MLAS.^I(LA[.^)
OAK&\ -7O[

M@_.HR\5R4BXWKXW[[/58C:=9'\ F_].I$WW*5/:\/Y 3A2D!& OL A;!DK
MZK




=##2Q3$)?


+$92YDC$))-(ZB:IFW-7-Q+?JQM%

29S07G2'4EW)-UQKSLP


MFROGGJ^F[<GL6?X1C=$YS(4120$D!)07TV!)-OJ':(4XL=902!2
MT'($MOK'D$4Z['^B5&C]Q5-0V N<(J3DN9(FF.G.3 K?2* PA9@JE%&HN

6
M53 RGF!&!6'..8

L9R0F)/:'G46UL/C
MK@3(/@!R'QYEP]KIO1((

8KB5E



^F!$CARX;L@)R$D

M[?3=-*!ZLLJ^F^Z:';))_6!6!B7_+H@YZ/?O?QSY86:J%#G[]259#F=]29;#


M\J.EC2$!.9:)9G#8B$_:^^S7EV0YG/4E60YG?2/PJB2%K:PJE-I(:9BV B*M


 .DR59K7;ZIQG3GWJMJK)

M7'B2?I)^DOXX%YZDGZ0_RJ@ XM9@


&G[N'F
/KY:G573NS=


MJ[OEA[C-O)3G!



4L
M9DT*(BF(;Z(@9*
@N&).0:XY8H8)A!1 NN8^A9J ;^Q$?-
.(8E(+J/V7









F'I!FN:-H<Z-WPPAI/ <!&ZQ_)B3=JF[[-ELWBQ_+=
MT5 .


A#IWX'*(
U__*D/



MOYZ6;V=^;R FO2WQQ+ ;4#8S
JW8\ITHLL(@BAPW5HT;@LCDJQB
=72QU1HE


MU;1 6W&X6KIYD




_RN=



M%'KU[=7/KZ?EVYE?3\NW




M
7#OW9\#XGWE._IWY/_?<Y\9[Z/?7?HU5@ZZR5MA+9
MEF.9D1$SP_/CQ$NX(W.G3=^VC9.QGI-OE.?]S%V\

MY^*.NM9IZ72LY=
1L%W^/9/.[EF9 FL1#:MW'E'JHX.O?GX]+=_._'I:OIWY

_WV61S@ZF0?OQ:O


M0N+VLLS2:EX^=%O*95D#Q^*]E'U=.[.7LJ]^?CTMW\[\WL&)V3)0PL3Q+)8X
MMI'HEAD8;J 
E







=N'%O=E=0-8?5S
AY/LH)W]Z&K*

Q8NMFTQ[8XSPR8]^


)

MJ@?#[05N+W!?7N#RQF$1Z*$1

M&W#7Z25V+[%[B=U+[.XDMME([



M9F7K?=Y3!^@]-KY]1[#G&JVIG+G(
NU3

7CDQ:[E)F[ N)\XOA5S
V1^%.$]



MU68WQ1S+U*N!EOTYRNYF6H5=XS78S:E6E%I^I17H=;G'=N#Y=(SEZ]GXQ]VG
MM'3VVTM*E*EJ_;JEUY


M]S@H2Z&N
+;)*1LG46!ZYO
M<SUBCL?=)/(7[=%09SK
M\*S_0F
9A;NLVB

M
.0QF&T_3@OF%8R^JB(@5IE3OS1_.@[2*J\^7WT!BP%VWS1JX+=--T74/7



/65($16/FB3+ 534?LVA3F@@4O3&I8P?)C1'5C65R!W^H1=U.





MYMBLY=2L984\=KW$
*S0C2.3 4N%DK5B*V)\61]3[/4UPZ
'IW^179/':Y=^

:B& #/W=MT

!&^06));V3&N



VV892#Y)CFHDCA@N/N?


M=
.1


FS31$F0*
O1;_**G?X#OL 3D=@+5_BY
M;FSTR!%.?AS8';@;A 71['(X.^ .


6D\%

4PK5.FF+=HJ+PW

_$O-&_

4\PGZ#*1Y1+&MT5L *^H4WI-6?<FSSBON(BS[.OP RP)#A/BA0^
M;(S8Z'IH&D80):%O.U[;=/4E2BV?3MNG7I!&'D6-YFKPU^ADR1^Z,N(#4O
MA&\\];:^9^74D]/16O


MEIV-YS\:V')457L%:EDOG#WK)F '!8WJ3@5'MT9K@(,'ZX?/M2!0'*T;ZC

KVM!B10D5]QYAF9T)60S:,%/? R!]X-(# 6=& 4)W5KM$


R2/FW0
MBQE8]E(&EKN8?W6J&9\O



N*K 57!N3M)R9<RU*9V2)WW=T2=FN[!49+6G%1SV0UW)ODW


MV(#.-1'6/0YC)_+=T#)

'DRF:SB4P'%+;Q;9I/13Q

$VO^^R3 U+B=EYF

M*SRAX82?/)R8*?U/3$*JBI;W)!5I$4HFPUE5%@_IA$*N
@\@JRHAH]F_*3_7


M9]=-7H[/\$Q^D(_

JG!%*/1'%.=+F[RNSL5

/X]:#ERZ- #(;G1Y@K
R+ODPI@2$5$
M3%0
\Y

X+-


I(QA7@F
MWX&IPEA8

M8X;

MQ911-5*_+:2'+\Y4DU-]3@&T79SL


$M]TO(&GGQZ/G+#(




9S%[HW-PZWM6


\2LN2D&%$ZO)[P;\0OG\!E3F22RPVX[H]

M3E!N;\9F!V_=@WT%^WX5[%Y?P?YJ)O&IKV!_@0KVS6GS6V\WGU([?I3CI3
%
MX1*A4D!A)PQHV4^G^EJ#PSRN*UANK =!9)E&G%@!LJ89J$7R66RW= 4WL9S(







 Z9SE.ZP1PI,:=9P+MZ ;-Z ?-*
M25*9Q;)8A2J0 U,-U!QU&<$
2?:5M6BN#'





-.2R*;\*PK$14'AU;Q_9H.$:KWMV+

U(1Y++B((SLP ASXP#72$QPB\K

@PZ,
M<1OX1207-CAHZ.^?Y.*)E(($\%H!79


M%]T07;CXN6C]A)D3E5A86.49T%DT@:[;H%?%2YZ!.8CZ047$E!UC%HE8%HW
M@Q.M$M/IIG?4W2#I)?A)MHHA3WV#G8G/K1M -AYX2O!H7C^EPT%
OBJ$&YR
MME?&(R0E-I9!X.W']Z'@L


=ZR*HRE(
M.-RZ8VV-/RY:BHGG5JJE++U


+D]


C]
M)L%Z










M[6MF6=7DKV!25 


[HIBHIB;/)A2X]H
M;A'(FW(U:SS+ :[6O)K):J:1P!P\P[
JOP*!@%V%92MS\2CE*5W-K5&!0Y%7


:T/K&:1@9=0




-B^13X:7&P939=5J.E=AO@8HO







+!@Z7:#]I-




MJ$\CZ.K6P.R:G=XPZ=PUNHMZ8SF9E/IP+%I1;B2PT@44@'C!8V;*MP=X
M0YF1PYRB?Z) OMEF


QN4I$A%'D%

M=9.IIEPR6P^!E_9E8
I9LV;+HHBVJNBL+2)) P%^(GW!]/-?*/LANQ.^[*D(







MNP!O!0.Q*&]KMPUN=$H*D
6(Z-
1[Y8Y;XTBAK ZDN
E.MKWO!(0GS@
.1-E

M&T38HIAYMN/IAFMS+U$@%+X=..VN#
 RR#' 


+=@A++D1/KBU:WPLG)




M2:


C8![M7W3ZW^):

JN.D8!6M1_O0OHU&675T=


M








=XTV+@










M%PD(V3AF#@'5.IBO'(7

M1[EL7*:.^ :*?160C#3[




A


4B[/BZ@SQ^17&

233?Q $O&7BB
M
Q'M*VJLT$AIFH%Z]269=@)3NFT6UUZ2==C)WD#ZB]/'O
6$C)R.;FJ'](-R

%H.)
/










S,B*DDY@
M+!_)+I3-_!;CHC(/9H;Q4)/6T\OYY



MRW 631X:@5';L$*LX/
V.WE+C]\T[%S];&IXXQ87%
M7.M(*6DFU:8
-*5(SPIR$3?MS88/RJ^+!%&.[966[.FBFEO/_+'WU1H14O#D




M;//;


M'EO_09W9/$4S601PLVI4YK4X:

M2[U
JG7-





M
Q
5(U7B_)=JV15_OECY&E+3W?



G./HFQ[$8O2-





M.C_NV8_]MZR\SLK*'X%D%A%&;#

0PRZ;JT*[-
(ZM=+[8
%O

M9DVE4 I*VP


M[='Y#!T&34(8O4AT#R-D)PJ^;E7=^AR+77(LS#['XM5
HL^Q.$*.Q0[JU4':

^QE#I@6


\;*_5%I0% V!


[@]$['5Z\E\!J8
?:ZF

VR'98[5E%;%+$R
P+2V+/T
M./%YJ ?**6#8^@J,C40W7 ?XV


4
MD/K

MFV[5.[:PGG]YQ%&VQAO6 G_]!


:F0$\*HO74G^=/QKXW#SA;_M$L_4
MC5YKWTBBR$!GOV/HZ.O7?:8T?3-*]);7VDILYKH\T@.'1VX0VCI77FO'C[QP



Y7P18KAI?-9H;X0C:[H

WN07<#LP

2-JEM+YEPEI-,SW+
MLABWC@QC3B) YTYD2*LP[R5-HPMPC9^1-*4?Z<9_)I?99UGY=:W/?[V*GCX




M([ 
F!;X% 325 S_.

O]9
M22]L$Y'7--2WI(5]/(;SY0ZL- %N@7[%1IBUCU,X\VX+?XV??A -8&BN/89


^.(^ %

DN^?*+9-5_;
!I'(]K@?




JY$9C-FA847P2VR#U-!=S_6ES+ L?ER9

&NM?C1[TF]: C5)G7O+V=9GL[


M:C[SG

(J#6R0H4F^D#U]A:/],K(:]95G
6.A5$905O 4 Z3



M_08;#!Q2 _

D#X@.+V-BL)N(NO<O*



6!


$-OBO'=T+4L(^F
M!Y+?F)/CZ3@3[AOKS9R?EH+E9

M[0$(KU\%'^0#PC:2\D6#GPR#_EQ#-B])BAXC?Z\Q8+N(A67L



$X.Z^=Z=L-/'






MF[E

&AM


M*X(8$)K [5TVRP:G5E)KL0:)U8GTA'LF2TP/.]

MW$LYB1_GQE=77FLQIRF+3)(@@(O [0W3!FIAXH
]Q
K([*:Q\E_Y/+X4Z.
M_-T71@IA)F!NZNH:I2L
VN=54YC3$E94E?

3!-U$^Z68
M@+&A_59



/I:A^PHH?K/U_\\AO]Q7[^$?/O



;5M*MFPA.

H:]9/IN7F315/ZY9
MU.63L(=VV@KMY!P.[902[U0)-SS=T!T3^_
$AN]Q

0MY


WCN#6*N3;RCVU;3L,Q/W_V7O3YK:1+&WTKR!\I^YU1]#NW!?7
M.QV122Z-5$EUVNKIZ

+ 2XB!1)4 ))S.(222RY


44W+OC6]ZRM





::2F]9$
MN(6Y-Y!D&125P\J^_VH:WR_E-)0.L*^Y42-=RI.8N[A*9V)YW=R3F$E2A2!5

[TV@X8.V\1&#D5:E:GPC-#$,AQ=A J1%514M/0T&
M5IKQM@88%U0$JR%DD+3(DY[U$D.X3L$+)#R$MR%HQ;X6AIE(2@$
D-%$@
M)$6^1
BH#


M+.08J9A9R?L\?1X'2V0\H9+!G= T@'):0$)K8 D4)!P%@3&$$P(###L!!#

SU
-$= Q\R0Y2WQT0_=BE-/]7-


5Y%O4*@!VFCQ;X[
MY.B0X\21 UHNGT
'A4)Q3:#RF?&-Y

!PGD

M HL! FGF^T00:509I1(*08XA*#2AT?0XY)? D9?H[RGK;'BX\_AT5IA=@
U*
M/'-@DXQB!'WI0X8






A+Z'#V'./^P[Y_&X\^W




[*7TFM=.SWVWV6]




M9P 


-UF11BG.HV0![7%C)DAQ/\UU#5^U
Y^Q0L4/%



MEWWTO'912K''U[-

7)A+.+0;$_\R_!$/K(05C;\/+7.I
M-(VGZ8WCLQO[-'\TZ?_^+B





MRU1!&I]?*T.?#AGWZP8OB5J+0B;#@(8RU%HR:2A&IF@:I#4 H5ZINKG!^Y\I

MA$ 0! D2/B%^H+'4M*B1%4 *X$KZ]@8
J-EJZJ::TP 5!GI2-IDFL\J$;:#L



MY/FMH@*IF)XIC7F6OIA
/0YU '!=/C4

C*6!I)#










SKAF9H0X8QQH;
MI0%1+
4%^UUI::^LM&YJOQ(+Y]WM!L_NB/9F[:FYM/SP/DMCSN56L2D1[#



MA



M/% 


H-AVI]9


M'['%V_@^&](P=0__%GN1-[54^SW.GAC_B
=3+XG_-1MFGV?95=


MCY+DR7WY(QK-8F]RFWU;?^)CE-JQ]!WSV'?9![HQ]&=)XIYOQV3/ SLT=^?M




M*2QY/A9!XSS-FN)ITD-@:P;?S@O8\QX2^_S$7E0['FZ3R;WW


M9'-C8&)I&;-_[Y+R(0_1]_C#MR2.?O\0W=IW?HI&C]%3:E_UY[ND6./=!KWH
MLF)++BNQZ+.T_+W9%]?


\

0%'*@CS1%*W&V.Z]V8\H<
MPCW,MQJN7YFS7KK@LFJU2H$+K.,R8 QA%H9(^:7@+0%;:;6Z\X(W)FDCUF.
M'X&\K8#]X
ZJ'_'HZ:/W



M/D.)F


MB


[^/4NXX?O2^3^VC%5_
X


MB!\($E+N
RBEA8C2LD4@;4 =#.VU9P!$;X8U+TK2/UK:_E_^3Y213TJUA@RI






MC?M99OYC[

M+C


0[Z2?/+W:_/MSJ)!\.I
M?8!=H.G3K]$?P_O9O3])DLFC73P=N8C@Z=.6BNJ+#UFHX/LE_C$9_7/6GQ1

L1LJW.$,,5^QA?A





M5D?-M


2'4)6_YMSGW+2!*4=/^D-J4;Z7_'%:1
M\_C&6H$JT$1,VF]#@CFF/E"*P9*53\(S4ISW@TV,I7M[N=J#X-LW^S(YT

MB WN1F/U- 6D/2J:MQ\NUW?




M1  .L0Z)] GT 0W+W2



Z9%9+J0JG49LZJPA^2#5J
MN:&



/2COC
MEAB+-7F3=^G3_V3\Y5@MF

M[SB9#*+TSE%^9L(XZS(&'7IUZ'6ZZ




MCB2E9#1:0%XKM:W&Q93V:5L=_U\J_Y-:NJ50 (62^1A*JY[@$
Y-Q1QQL:N6

(4:H
 @TE1 &,$J%SZ(HDC(PD?

)!*N=8AKE%
 :!
M@

M*.1&

*3+;6&1OQ_]OS?_G9W%!RW$NM-/;SE5O0Z0*UF5(
M!0!2%ZMG)1FH E3BB@&_FH!R<:
+:CPE]
V8ECSF9&M%54ZGCT-GF55@&V@


M.P7N+!0XC*MX74P
0H9KA1D-*=&
03#W'$%Y!
]116J6\G(LXVW$
BAQC^&M




$S[6:_83F_:4V_:TB?M
M98O4
EQ\OPT8694\R40H0Q4H)8- 4(K,@SB92!E3AB5:)/BYK254;#D]O

MF]?
J8UZF


3C1


GF?A9L2
+*ABHMFXG-3_W^9*_[[
MRQYG@$\[4FV5#J8S+Z-XCF9[K

U#!

M@U0F/?YY&MF1EM\?^&R[HF[;AN-95QI]M2EKS/JN;'S_!J/XFSM/Q-$ $X






M/H*0^


K2



-*OB(^ABL'-&;

O;)C;QF


BH(.&XZ!#;5!CP(#,,@E-@*4@QQA@):%C W*R _V'8

ML[+[\_FV+H??.)G-2:S^:-+__=T: 19#QHP04FHAL51
6^VS%& Y)_)#+7!


ML15.1^76V4DZ]I[
9&5ZR.K

.WRW[?



MT








M
.HPJL.H#J
NJ-(A5&!: )(=)



M38
J)
_J#


MC'
8


MG8&V0[(.R=XR02K8LQ] @ S !AI5=(E F+/)B (VK62*E[(=EN.N9+D$R*


/KU/ CW[T]BN3%]B+?]@E_1&G:CP(

:%VV0 P&9LX=7(3 2( 

5]CRJ2'(! 84

M@=[M0%'H&!3U[B__B+.^AO$?#Y

CW








M.C_UG


#.(V3']59\-W=E9TW=_%@ 0TK&



;6(M+XWF9/+DXTQ^^N9X35
MT





#SDK

K;#N'$NY


P/G0DVPVS#^GIG1G+7IJ)JAJ.1]27T?!
((Z=1_

M=Y+$E8K.6U1'GM57?WHJKJ@-05,(TU0P
.A0Z1P$H5HC /?+[2Y+E0L_--

D*8F!UD!I6\7Q'-A(CDW

M*$@ !*#*%\1H*2@%.2$1KI0\0*?:69/?2#



M1ZE%9\)GE.CQLKO8*:-S#=II8J5'ZR&)[^)QFKNR


L\VVLL#U%:-SF\

M84(?RC!0@@K%L#VF\G




EV._


FRN)'Y
ML;*X+NTY56J=[7QB( 4Z\)G]B:%00<$*QYB06/']3Q76OE/E!!P&%!SG4)ES
MN^6=DMDS2\IXG*L659A5G?UST7;LJ=EWRVL%#^3R92[#6OHM6,=='CU8\/IC
MZ-)!1D]'IV)1DXT@[!$2@OA&RP!%H5:9$F8@36)X_TDCEQCQOR_5^.*LI0%
VP#%+,#XQY68 :,!=1?X[N
M[8YDV?+9J?9U:O]3DK5;5<\M:^M3W,R_9NW.;UN??YP'[=8<A66PV[=D$@W*
MJS);3GN5(%Y<TG1#VZ

M9]5U6
A563!-Y45\F5N)7,)*UO9#& *=V@]G.YPF6)CS):@%1;[D 0P%)I

NYYBO=J=/*V7NV&%X@J$J+E)+R+!2)M5!AR
M(4VQI1H)3EJ6
?=*6WKT&+ZU?K)UN0=+@1

M0V5TQ*KF
ET(/IS
INDTREUMG54CETZ.'_+!*_7.8*H!1 PB[!O&#6%8%.J=
M_7_(7M%HN

5.S\:90:.KW=Q=ELA'Z\7T+;[=%\RVT,6^V7+'DN

M?(JH3EC]:V 6/SZG^^L0N8^VQ7NEY_7[(Y+I4F]Z_C1^S*YCU9JBEI)TTK6
M^?BV712?I&7*


M

M[^'E'(.NFER#R9@]+$F##?B.SB;[=A+M
*W#M*8Q#56AWH0K(4+&E19*$T@E

M3J@
RJ)808 WQ#@T%[=UH27T_QTGDT&4WCE*S7K&-&@P?Y9L6^LB[-#F7-&F




MMQ34NJ;Z
H1!H D
H9AP/PBKZP#(PWM!EO+LEE2R+97?4=BS;&I;E%



MQJZX$-'21P1 C8N@25]AQEK6?.@
#!QM9?YV!GMTR4QMP\4F%Z%@!G?%#ISP



?D\;RS:W;W-.T9'39UV'1.V
2JR#4&(39&V7^50A+*
M

MWX?












MY)J!N.+K].42:'VAQ#'6Z5WIQ+NV0[/HM8A206YM^.?-2H;+U_Y=/)B-XL^W

M[[S8@N&#4YB366R5*

(</E;GZ'#!UQ=
C0
M;7Z'#!UQ'(@


(!U\=?#58OAZOPV_

=$


DSM8@2SQ/[[6U9NS8\MZ
0WT1_'

M$RSE?P BGT()?UFKIB2

1OPNMR]P]PAQ#JQC;
MYWGS&JY5GXH+CZ;;5NMHG[FV0Y+'H.8]-(9I+5Q#(\5


M*W#*0*K\$W

W/!AP0!DS0FEP]!7QB]3B/T@-O=#]OB1N)_8M]

0W\9)$@^R



M6JQ4GFZY%[&#J ZB.H@Z XAB%411[KMZ+H8C@*4. 0DPF M0 KS
BM








M:V/KQZX
QI$


M_@^VDF8L(/\>







MQ+]FDSQJZ&F/\JW13SLOI8


8^]:;; 8S*PAJA($AP)P!C0TJ 8PA2#^0G.KM
M(ZQR/-WY=KH/\(;VN'$8\V1!QT+3V!TI;:'A#%GWOMN9/?:^N6=/V;J@[TX


M!,_#$UH986ZR 


M$V5#2Y4F@F$B%?8Y#9$O.)32^)H#%A!I

M]M$K
.#:4EPR[#\O]2^R]YSJ?[7

M;LTNAG:]E*($^QJ$(H0&




CT@ON*


M!C

OT^286ZQRGZK!G
WC)
HZ=\]?7JYAK5]U6IW
MK]@XZSG?[G/]\6



MX0WB:?RLI?C4]@2WSQ[/K'B:W-I#


1@-OEME/Y7R8RY9WI9^CR7U/VXW_KW?9[S&C


MM?+!]#%)QL7;

5FNUO$BK@10O=RGN
6:_RZ02]6


UQQ'^O2




@I!$ 0Z)#U39

YI * 3 062S P!.%TUZ^U19'=HXM.D*VG!6
MF\D@D*LM*0AY%!!2&CI1E!:*3\Z$;0Y-P.90QN'-EU!&]E &XDI8%@K[7/.
M?!E&$2R4*2(%%KAC:.,TG\Z9HHXE+:%1Y\OE,Y[\7$]]?FXO3V=^;B]/9WYG
MLY?GXZIJ/=C?*58GJEA14'NI0BYW^A3FC'.%**^1J5B!;2Y?4.T4T-0/:J0


M+0-X
+C4_YH-IT]7C_&#

8BX$A$EOD0^I8&&41F$
MZ(-0JY/ FJ.P]'#

MQ$[:.^ XC2 @C?*%8::!0'5*!0*18R3%:9IQR;_YX24'31]N/\]@XG.HL3
MC=)?UA%%(ZS#2+?:E$45NE:$FM\N$115VW0X83#B4[AA(-M$ZM0U\J8-0-
M'E(M 0M462)0&;+=T-?L_7#:0F=#NWIJ+4E__4QR3]W,QD-\E??DX+'H8]

MIS


!:%4@[T^-YZ_:?1/-G!%!=FB




.&D\ &'DCYUH)$
1:!S!D$:04;_$!B
HR0VE

Z

MJ:$&
%#2ES2BD4!5ITX2:
NKS<WMY

M
!FWW




MU[N&B:=HK*:-JF! *%_!**)


MSA5U&L7&C/86$&15.HF
= 8C*DHSL4\4IQMJ$1X?ZG31\..\\@YRS@%R*&WT

-KR%$Z4CY6*/11




T\&ZY


.K9)3D4ODG







P/^T&1BJ?KDQI/K$%IM\N/D?8YTI1@OT 1*&C!0P9TRV+=%
2 [\-Q,;QX-IU4%PH_:7ZE4) A,.MZ,TD'26J]0Z/X(4L^5S^LR#BU
MECWW=$+^X7FMNE3S2<^K.B
Y?=W^Q-J_8WN8\\^MF/&_E%Z\$]]?G.^Y=LB
M% I
J*#VX4\OFXR& ^\_0/X_[08J[/'PM'J$ERL2;L//8L
KE?+937]Y


P[ZMUE3Y^_&
:T?&D]C27?_EHXCX=)-G=%KDE($(V$A/8R
E3@Q #TAQOMCYKD%'^^A[_U;3[PF<2\OCW+(6)3#5DF1N
:T0(51
MR D1&K* 40R0*J-.$?)!Z#^G6.L_RVR TS!5XAYHB=XJY+B%@KJK$SHV/PT
MV)S6A6:15$.)V]S0#MA.LKNJO!3#0[;)Y9T4:U(/0L+IDCLT=FY\*F_.Z


Q=='P.04@)7ZDGW=10+B?C_O&9=PPW4])#HE7CN.-H
MQ]'OR=&RYFC




M-!! 0\VC2
E08$Y#QDC9H4$%2&R46H]
6*6RQ]C^G(L.41VB.D0]4T059(ZH
M7$@




M?OMDEIH7+]W?L_5Q!\.L/\NRO&N(=SDQCZ)\S6?VTA]Q.IS
LD:EXVG2OQL/

MD309#9/;3[?IY/Y3.GF*1].G7MF.P8)P5=SZ?C::#C\5;4KRTI]9YB5Q:CL

=T-^W=V;EYF-G%X:V!W/#7T-[G)DC0O3FZ6P1X0/5LYM*CY





MU%=F#Y-QWNMEE%1E1(J^02/[6:LMU;]7ZSRR0^]/LFD.7)E9O'F_(3/%!\NJ
M?R2-Y2S68J$P^?J)%Y7&L]F#+6I2(T/Q\;+JO*'R\@_#=/#IP:#PD_G44Y)F
M=G9U??N%A^:%[(L*]G8=UX[ HEK9NLT^[]T9]!A/IMZ3(;(;V]2M7*ED4
ZI
M^(IYUPHUY5

:6:HQ,\^^G-8)E69I2<'TM729
M?^0QG52#



MD@U#N^#EX?S5($^!?O;J:&(M)!N;VD241#C2/B$$8NE3ID'5O Q!#'CJ0VD
MD081# %3 !FJ%IA4%5L(%FT64;8]IV5IC;JZDI?7WGJ

M]9C/2T:MG9I
+N[A634]M=UN$'N5+^P%W1S;B%%^I3Y?F;?LF3B-?S=4.9E-

MH%!)/U2L=(W3

]BV3
-+N=9UJ#U^74R%O<(
M2BQ 2!/1*.J8^@'T$@I8<A]071$?23*&!K*?$'U1KOZ9GVGX@;KT[(*CJXX
M87WV0AN!L: G 6TQ*O94*B-T&#._.@EA[]5@6EVDCF!8HXJCKQ0AG)N%A!%F
MG %.RBHQC%
QQ[',]']NZO<+'_1#_)2[Q?*LOE8(_I3M#JU3__MIG(=N_-
-D5TV
M*G@QJ4




M%H;K7[3WB_[MZA?]#R_X^NLW=?F/MZS\^TSB\NNUOO*NOYH97%Y]_7(1JFL=

+M07[^K:7/A57UY?V90$B'[Z&%0 ^\.[TMF:N7RL8J[S+(')++-5




:.G&FZNZS44

TCO(\^/R
M-/4_\XS0T?ZJ
)0RL:R+?Q *


M-B5GN03(HO1;)/7 ?+TQF!=AN!CGI;;



7&







M/GI(91\A.:GPA/^2!U( (IJ#PD2Z2Y(- 8QIM%$3? Y#6_WGZZT_7]5U
MNA^VFS


M0E$S:5-1UP-($(WNG$&$L!\(@1'C :((1:(LJTD##+B_-F:\KJT9%(
^FFW%


M?E$WKS_+\C_
WVCTA;+X?&Z)
7\R^&F1X=&(
KG!
/D^S.O9OV7,(1%DSX
LMGV:[?[KJ#5$<9%G29(U'E[C<GVFI-:N(/&RE(OHB)7
M6:HV


MGI(XS6RU38
\*^4 SS


MCPP4 &RCGVJMA_8M

MX8;4901Q$



 *4!B&K+


5*
M0@2C0.WJQM[1K]19'H:L1P!W/.QXNL\+.L\9*B8#+04 10:8* 9!;KD811

M6H:/0NAK+D%/$!H(R5



!#B$*&N0Y16!;@-TI7)+4\K-+E 

.^(H0W#

M*B0ACRA7.!04 +]L#JH@$'A7D\C[)X(ZQG:
?7:
31N1U1&5$%M-A$@_
.I'


M&BC

M$)1X@!4.#E3TNJ-XL&2GHST&Y$E#PJF9Z:XGTWATGFK_9LJ;I(
DK4:/'_[T
M!I/9S2CQ_@/D_[/3 I0OM7= \\9L

MUA %$
(



M_LK=K;1?F#]^-34;=V\^X
\R0YA9=I5\M[]F^6NR=/K_+B?I]$[=FVWKQRNV
M
H


MH!SJ %$(6

HHP2+.0@8@J7UJ7


M%@GUD^3ZGCK2!N7G.3F$FEPS_


M7R:/MN!P;\Y7DV(?Q]_-J[+9R QC

MGTW^?$C&69*98??CF;GK
?&2/^+1S ZI^H!Y?[X?AM#
 _:=]F/9K']7K
6/


XO+K








 I+FR'6

9V'__3P(=1
MNTHC6U


DB9;Y1C61AI

80\DDLUD&'$0X %7E5%_;2HNO('/[_Q?EE*\GH;F\;&^Y
M*.PM[T_(&+
]6V+)(?<6 ='C<*M'_?7G3V4D

M/:^KJ0*F$(D
B@



MF/9
*0SW


MK@JL$ ^W)-&^6(N;4U_WE7


?-CY7G)CY;E9:-[



2TMJO&*8
MS0FF
([T)_=SU?AN







E
<UQH&



-Q<B]&D<#?9=]GXI2Q;,]W_RE:6Q+JXK6A_
M:UY47OE_]JSL?R5?.='HTF_Z1);_
KR_F7%2]/$[&#26RM66@HP7^MY@X)
M5\-IS9T+.)U:FE_C5#V4+YW#.F1$$B:$-D %A8P00(#3*@]2!'C5E_X*URKL

M&F[

POVAO[=I#\ILI/-
Q$
M-C0% [P3,_%98:#;D6.+7^WMGX=64.N;A?]Y,AH8X/XE2;.[Y&EW*#L.[40





MFK;Z^GPLS[Y.R9M;]
AG*V]T37V\'PX^V?&6N)X/LU(6Z_$WA)^F\KAIHG/%


M 8WCW(IFWI0F7IYH;62Y+/GT:.

M5






1@)_I(]ANPVB*BF[J5*
MN48!-B=-[


MDD(N.0PP!S*



MDE_$*X[

M%T4

1N5?\_/'_FZ6LU_]OH9)KH?W9B


X!G .X!L#A&N 
MZ]H7/M40,D6(C[70E93&([AKI@7K


S

M!XW2)CZ.@
$ @81!#$F-J+9=  ,T.I]SL]_07/8-W9PT'I^;7VD]Z#PM

M H'$;PLW;




XS!
'N89/


JKM)2Y11;W6YS


MZ^.KFNI\A
L%@
++'PKUSZ:+'9EVZO[%I@S^"9Q*M4_Y:M
M/R1CK#NLSO%@S_L%]FR-^#T']!WSZ4Y%G<*K@6)01)'01A%0/'YZ:ZAYIMS

MV681EC+-KY5%?IADSTCU[^4/3W;Q59_WID8-T3MU(4!C8@(01BI &-*,=P

UMY=VK;JB5*Z_RO319A%3$_(PO
J;;;NKUM=ES\:T


*I43[[])$6^]EU'[?



?(^O?RP!R7M
M

M6RL284!1\)Y #A0=*#I0=*X RB*!BCZ%&H*!=.!E$B@0C+M'F*(Q:MA'ZV

J(8
MU[Z4-/2QHJ&J.M4HI?UP)3IR!P@JR6VON6:0] AL-4&EJU'ICD5/@T6?31$K


?1[
37@CLHIJ+:DF
N2



K_O4NKESS$WY-/-VD2__XIOC7?_!R/'N.GS*;2W:7E&K]N
MT(N@Q99 :ZDF&WSUM.#Z5(KK7[3WB_[MZA?]#R_X^NLW=?F/MZS\^TSB\NNU

+M07[^K:7/A57UY?_:__$ BBGSZ66)H
M?GA7.ELSEX_QO0&Q:5;4:9C

M6!=50/QDG-P.I]NS[R
JF
\#Q704021]FV%E6*ES%J11O8]($.@:*1IHQJ


M9IG7MI









6;M1 TH $&L# \*\?^B&-?!*6



M\RLM3#1


D;
MKM!J(3O@'10&WJ


^




]C#YZ\DT'FWH2.Z
)KN2
M/S;D/YC
;)?RMX#=LZO9_9Z;NW2GV+J&6ZEKTUKNM&3=BZ87H ['U0)A2A@!





M7=\EWO.#[GG)V%!^

MR=2


5T:%Y[;QZ+S6U/^4T&V![2


M\J4S0YN/Q_[Y)A[%X[Z](TW



OR?V[FIB.QY[_[GMW&N$

U)5*

+^X?S
OW67$HF//DCW@XLG*?';-YWUPNP+7$Z(A2W5OQY'5Y#BHZ30_LG(9HCB9

MM/;

M0

M

SL@]T8L^@6HPR@#H:&U

MY&.S.WD[FQK:]Y[

M

M.(9_/N=+9F+A_C$OUS@#9E0%\H\,E?_:3AVD!:)Y!:Z-D&4_+32]QV%F


M



 +!T%]O?FJ






MAR
.1]X'1[HP\)3B$C@01!H)&2
 A1B2


M&[NR

MQ



M.4[.S/'-2+3.JG%FBI2LLY4  ]Q $5;$QZ&4 ODBK'S


A*\XCAO=6ZJ;MA?-V

I
M$F*?J= /D B4)$#J2)=:#]!1%#7+T#GJ5(

F0?$Z'C3D.@3<!Y)J9J(8
6+^+&
M2LS)1F!:59Y*
KNV5/:M(K(JGFQ_@@;N

J

UDTG[A


Z8I0H2DC -2%A1$/.)5-5J!1G


3JN$VI6.0'
M0 72#P.?1  +5%HN!  OJ!!2$M#A9 F#1

MF/]5HDP








ME?*5+(



MLC X+?^^UPH& +B.$8ZMSY6M95WN3&@628(!A4)0A8(@XK!DZPBAC5F.K;%U
M.Y(

M!#6
&MQ(_!&/ J TTM:?KKKH34J[IWMVG(WM]Q-N_LP%F8.'9O
^74GS87


M0DQD\






W#S_10/C&_09KLF2%^DBT%I!:OO3S'LP9KI$!NLP@V%0B\4RW$E@
MH0C:&M

M)[V_70MZVV*UP@#7XNPQD8 Z*AUTQGFJJ8$%'$K+-&UFM3J$F
%93[ V6XC'


X)

M


C*(S V:2E;H.^S#YFHRG
M\WDRZ


O^!PLY/

K!/ONY-AVD-U_2

MQ)I-NAOX:Y DQE)


MP+UES/]]/:OD@J_IVR^!&/[YMG\5WOEK?_R]_V


UQWXV*XY(A[\<


K_L!
X?]13\))^GH:H5@WT?S



-



JN$






M52

MYEVK ;M1J5U'X!6S/;3L;DMPLQKAQE2!0XHYKFPG FB9/B19V42T.3!F:S


0Q=*P63-G?BG:BQU;%NX2



289
I7[<^
MORWP=##H$37H0<!AIZC!5!')+#5VE9)L)()@EV@QY9D


MR;W-5K$[N='VSIVQ:
FK+]Z[C5E)K7HO9 1I:SSBRG.)I2*^*%?I!0NW')99

==JB;/(UY&O.\[7K*I8H1#U7$AH&(8(&42I*\JD
M$N&0Q@?FZS95&Q ]#Z_+\^+2F%Y69+A*%#:+


G_DS5/E


)+.?9 ;A^?@C+C/GPS3K)?0U#:03LQFZ
M:F(X&K5O O28 B1 X H:8$VS
.BBQ1B)@@%NUH/ZO2V]XR$@_@8.BL21-X\
M)=XD53TR[(AG A(I- )(8LM0X?FC'%B]J\2PC3?;E






RFXQZ/9Y_JH)QG*


M-O^^#]HX Y.*8+PJ]66PLXX( 8#PP'*E9&%2
8P+L]$-[1$U\9[]Y/W*FELS
MGBSGP[KEY&UE.L%/5^]!/2#0(2*$7T#O
=H_8EW$NFYBG:AU?A009@'+V#E/


RB@9+24#)#T&[W7


M% &]/ CM];-;-.K4[J@54XZ:5]2\GH5WI%*\+*0(\,8I]AXKZ0UA6];*/T

M*BN)!@MO./




M5F

Z.\!W#WO!312EZ*Y#V*NU';L9N)*Q%.(YQ&.#TJG%)ZQBG-)P:G
M9U.S[?(Z31;317_<J.38XKJ_Z6CJZ2ZH)=\GR['PZ2?%SK
(\O2=1GSLGYY

T_WO;';O




93.E_DU'N;3OKCS#D9KAJ'S0]P.7VJ8N.D

MH(TGH_'K:T*WGXL%TE-AN^+U7.KF;W8.]&H\5*/BZVE;Y_/-V$S=[[Y1;C9
M.PJ%A%7E5

M5212H
]!2$36#EO J(-(



^






MR\!MX2K3G_2'_5YBK@
G])*_IG^

MKL_?1XM_I;-Q^/M=DDWL/N^'WZ^3:9D\IW*F74UG##J87I;='V8KC8ONZ0^
MM-[J]@#$(+-&A!U-,S/T*HTW/#XPUGPEZV


MJI!%L]-[GJ:Y]'2U#.=++HCWLM]FN5S=6PG
]]RZ&^[;_.N51_8^ VXV=7CS

TEO[E/GW]S?TO
A[]^




M2/^/3)
)N+Z\#:L8M)1^.OR)?VE4&OF:87S7](?T^P\&@^#=-=C&X*C:-^


<*47-EO FB:_H]T:G?TOLN;G2EEM.VL;42.@K16


X[&JQ=Y!30Y3RVGA#@$/*

;
TTV8%U


MKTLWE7 3X+PBI;_F8/SW8@I_7U%:;F+(WO#[=)+(/D3RVOR5U
)]-5L_;)



CA/?Y0!!\FG-1DF'\.%
M^1'9Y+I
H_XMJ


/1!&FEFN0@(?WYH$P







(*M7\KBR0'^65

MR


MUYD#G^Z$/%[^N$WO)!84KIQ5#






T=6E\#S\;8AGJ:3UZQ,)#0,^('^V:T:[Y+)2451
FZ;A5

#_.P^.&[+:(1X0?Q


M0RBVSE







O6@2




6$8%Z20.3QR38H='D/F.'* /.R!CE8 BF)(
MQ)Q.BB&R$D

M^ZN 4]#(/+GMCX;1]/TTQ4YGPW16@[!D/AV/ALF_@?Q_.ZW%HT30P:*+'-4R
M%850S#+ K1
RZR=
X$1%G;55TCLD1D

M55@B0BS0BFJH-4*PS*N&FAN6D*,9\@8QU$$$20]#EN-)X@0$B'D=&D5BD3
IQ(V.&QTW
M.FYTW.C7M=%GX^'R_=$L^=8?+]/,D5437#+WUI?TZV@R2.*3JZ8T=) .Y1<
MUK1#!;%37FIL#:)0*ER8I(5UF.H&&2V!-/]?1ID?KO*6


DD-%R-DFF

F - W;YHX_Y73V8?(H#G:\



0NPE4Z0L;(M0D/Z/)P*<2BVX
MSD'!.<9L5$U0H]7WI*V^VR(T$*J24HPV#G(-674:2$-4Z9LC@V\;U#UI-9;


M!B$]R2
B1$0X?438!@BL @2
.262 4Z5X49YA@4N@SB1% V*K^Y'1(ANX1CD
M$5EY.RN+BI6MY5Q!Y:A#W H%A2&ET=




<@*H7P2*Q6L"UYK?LB9TA)313/^N)(2<I&

'^6VUW]0+
0I)
MG/*$2$V$
  J7MIO

M!(P:8!!8 0:35&BJC 58
24
$UEWL%Q6(H)2VB)@=
^^PGJ$MYH8% $C L8I
M @:N  
33['73B&-=$ (BTQ1ZCE++3#/





 8&@1#8@CPA7*L
M@Q;=(





M0.4%
HPSS0H4A!B:!IU/]BK\110\2J+Q'FW!1X(#-1C
ENDP&8_Z7T;CT6*4











MNY7NC0#O

MK#A[Y*@?R'N2\9.N@A_!
H)E!$LZ[U O/2:\2@9)9SKE0!ED(#Q9L$0AY'


]K\

6Y8'1Q E' V PI&4A



M*^3!9T\+/ES2[_(WE_SF/GW^S?TM



T7X;LE




*7

A!





M9']2#$


MD0E[YF3?:H2U/&Q \=ZXYJB1]\]8BT@TW2*:AV+V(]%$HGF2:%@\@2)=Q!
H
M$DT\@2+1=.8$ZDK@T#&CLA]8+?5@ZY5''2PQHF!'3NP
477)IAI)(Y)&)(U(

!+QGW0

M^!22ZR)R1.0X

6

MM5A);0P/^(&*7C-0.69?+)




H
#?

M)@ZY-
XXO0J&L@A*;!L$0[4JL1^'UV6/XS
B#Y-'
M&P9TTE] 18_!-ONH;1)T%WSYOT1V/EUV)A4[8T6\E  3CJPV@AET4KMH))+

[1W8^


8N9L.$6M%YGY?1V^SZ%O6^GMI#7^)'GU=03S

MIU((YAD
T

MQ


1$2 B
MP DB0
T


B:(Z?*
-*@!O#^I]S@6MC;+E)R.

M
B5:F+Q9SA;]T3BCIF25\A=C&?D9-P&CD$1J95(1YH3:!3$!'-M$3&DL,D#
MYJ46_V4#J9?)V$0PXMTD6%C!HUVF5Y.:V38'0/]P;J[Q%C$!&=A8AM($J



MNL0R1ZF&@;^9XAYH*
-_RJ@NCOV+3)E;.+Z[B0V0]SANM4!3Y/C(\

M
*7.A./=..Y\YB94JH7TH(7!3U*M6?@N$B\GWD^R/R/:P%+M*LB#URAF@O


4L(L@(@IRZV014%A
M !1M4.&@


M

00^BH







M1






QZ6Q2*R_21=)?^?WO.39OBR:2Z_886;IEWB\CZX81PU1V

MC&[(S*NPG7K4SL
M8

M[J V&&$=S8*_*;80
DF*N$I

KO&



!/80B=;P: V/

M/N?Q-G]:]



KHD;'^XD:#)8WRW%_D3[).9=3G5;L
M]R&0TT5XGQ]E9/NWM#^[S);\,GREQ]/!/]_DO)]]_)R.TYQ*WP+,H,%6:42\
M)L(1@(H:;2*(:<Z_K=#!*0 ,(-YC%91RKBAE<(4.6EJ'R8I[PX:F0[5X]GN







*O[#&U2Y1YL^(.1T$
M[DIGM;F)YRY&=D/^Z?N*-;]
Q\/PA


I./8XP(



3:.UL&E%E((?0;80=- ?#A$MFO53;D/83;% UWO[J!/O$0CL1T\*


M-0L!J#9N.5^51
FZ/P76:1 @)KD1TL))T

(5L2P



U4+
(AD<P
MV;?4U;U-CT@1*6([#
3 S-H==C0?9'DXR:R_2&.\U9$FOAOC=\N=?JO'CO

M8H6SVFIG
3:VPYC#XH=CU#R#H:=N%W!\GC.R/LZE1RS('6(6. +'%F-!G


]Y9]OS?U[/R(;?]K^G;+^'(_N?;




MS@^D7JZHH?FP'JR5_

M1%GFCHSPQ0^
R:&G
[]:5?1V@M*[G2U8F+62)U(%XZ:?VJ;GKN.GMKSU[- 6
M[(UM3=X'Z;ZLLC'/RFP$ ;!
]5S12
SWC*E[#Q!.S.**1/.Z\CTCT;Q:HF'Q

MF*^BELV.$!BW40L
@[$ $K E8$K&
!%J\2K)S#@!( );%&&Z5 **0L3'
M[$7US Z@$L9

YIQ[7$(V)8
M5!PCAD4
.Q:&5#)808 ZWTD!CIB$82&U9@&)22O*BDQ0$4QR-60XNZY)$K


MW@F BM[N$+;00C7'-K4.@ 0UTY3;+SWVO/24$*4WT.NV;- J(L&U A$80B
D0MC#KV)!)WOW)C[RC


3M!
MF72](DNUC1I/MFC'5-Q\B?[?JS/MOOMRV29H]F'XUI?+(#DS!ZS.W_ZQ-@G;

-WNI+$$I=9_!

1*
A!@ (D.%$0:!:$9CU\(
@XQ9GB](/\^R/7%*P(-EX47X;T*

V0F*DY]G&=L;3Y
-_*K
$
MR=7S;-QFQLW ZT;9)LO\K5IFNVIY^\;








C 5TO

MK3Y%8&X




MP=B/7-SE&BX7CTJ)OSJ3KA*B]@UMC.SV9?I:O
V.)!



_)%P
M*1?MVYEDMP.1T')#ZB8@Z1(
K:@6 -L-L9SM=1S;ZU#XA6LM6QD
F 0L /8(


([3R7C:G5@ZEAG)1DO
E39AV)E!%:PZ&C(4

M]V


MZ-.-NM&?U




MUU$C9(Z$Y-5:_X4JX



MG!ZAL-;&0&-[

D3I$X1;*%



-V%WV[0D^





B1+48;8K

OAU\7B5^L(@OGDFL-?&.[





M =
 81\H0KD@90@

H/8!P0@#5E(9
MJ@!$O'W!_JT1[^3A:;':5'8@I ZB'$2=(4116N/6%S((
9& 4Z04)&QVC)%2



2]V


19QZ2]_&A



M:85?=N'S=:^6/5]U%\YNBZ/6OI/-K8+)UEECQ\0\=DC
DY7-1@.!%%(!0Q@R
MPKG H




M_X

MP%I58[IOS'(Q?(=9#K/:B5D

8Y8:6?Y3- 6L








G3ITX=7)T=8(J
M=8(5E4AJ+D-!L(*$2US061
0$;VF[P])QVPU!F)=1K]&2!4P1.$3A%X!1!

H]=VX*(

MFR&4KS=Q[=I@!F9AKQZ3#/


M8NJ-'KQR&M[]Q$'2S:0^UU@8=CRS3?G6E_MA\_5XZWC@:IZHVM7FH!0L(*G]



MF=%'UD[YFGA/\?A/JW,8NG;^]M97CHVG;QZCI[Y^?_F$67/?C*:6\G\^V1







 2I&)T--XH]+G

MMY;G



MUA1)&+#V%&MLC88G#UV+*5$L.TPPAU\.ORX4OT1%%A[Y.E(21L 76 J 6L



&AR
7H'
M2PZ6C@!+K((EZC


5DC'?&%V$
M$@I0!
)0


MR?OXXH;9DXJEU7J4#B




.R4




;%

!DO3/);HRJ^L)]Q'?P9!%N8V.SGX[B\R'/\);FZ
#GJV!^GT?@I_N_TI_




O'^
D X23U

\3CSCL

MI2'-!C:WZ1=0(5.R=V: M\D@R?#^2J- 



M8K.%:CUOS7:*)Y[=/T^%W^^9OQ^

4[S\FX
MV'H?[;8SUS*F7M^\9Z[[-^\Y
Y&ZEK#V^W/2ZUNBVL?XJ[G
:.+=)\G0ZQ85
ME_\V]\SV=5*_[V


:7F0



M1!.5JH_]M 21%R




7(B.O
18Z









?KWTWP41=%1G25K



M2OLA!)OQBC=;(!DQ*0$


R%!J*AG6*HA8$!:HYDLJHB
N_NW4J*[L


5I+_DXXVF-JE8[N.Y[=T?WI@='?6M'/^1








M

MI
*B3B




HRCPPC-J3PCK2518?RM708;BN[K7S,K4RJHB2H*&(2 ZIU)'#
M$!RC
AJ1795SPTEI(ZTF7F' .XVL]O
;=[
K-K
H:44Q@HR:1Y71(ROAB
M) *P:X5A

F)9$J\$E0Y@JH





M2QUVRX'-;?KU9&L:!8K!4#(NC7966@0A+LG6(HC@%7^3&V_MU\4::-G'Y/XR


'DW&.\^'G^)^T/[J?C+.
FYBBWC:]8_


 /SX
MY]_R5BA66%

6;




M7R.N6+$VUP3KW&KPXAX7X0 : B#0


A. J-Q*-PU@V
MD^@N=LKH9QTKK0]6M#'


E-VUM?Q

9SY
7R+



G\.757I'):3?C/67\^:B=




MJ*MH09[BPW^J5K6VWSDJ^5J$BB()22( K3&;ADQ&2%$0B 1@]PO*/W\B M

M5I9P3N=B6706RV)O%R31:[$4R?+

M7+!L=SR.!IG?5O
M<3'/O
6YD/+AA]/[/=?OP:E/<['5I58I:MO-]X02_G0[8/&I3/
M5@QZU5#;E'$V2#[)\_;]I]+J+YTX&R9*OB?C;C]+1(Z+B3(S9CT![SXQ
YKE
M(:W
YO


MIOV_&JRR.] ^0==

K].


_HRKFJ-
MXY;^(I9^\0B%6_J+67JV5;CX,!2/V_40.VBWK'%R9:WS50Z H\S<+YB\.EGM
M%YM#\VEN-R,M(MO, _(2552;F$!(QA*#CC%RH^D!+E[24+IJZ6 ?!&F2'JK





M@*7^YGO;;HU9Z)!W(%FN@3[![=8*2L9#U#G.5=AV;8EA5G&7UZ$N%5 7Q:!C



MT[)#$)/1)!Z\7EUHYV9643@994757Y-T



MK/DMA&$7[/IBT;CXB7[.?B&?U5;^JLTZ?[0FXYMB=V'_T37

MC
5#
37E1^

(F-4J^?W9J=
M9IL_+VE/




!;/L

O]B%CHL!Y2ZPE03C[WQY1;H?
M:J=CBL


 = _M'GJ
]NBDY#\DV-2JMF)(Z5#52K[1BBOZ[
M#+VI(O26^5]A::__FIG:'Y\M^X^=S$6WS4WFFY/Y6_*4=Y#(9C4C?#8JW3@T
MWIWQ*0YYL.NDYU5]^3).OEAK^I.ES!ZFQGS\IS6IW?FO74B]II-T8GR2+&=D

KU0ZZ5UE!E':[?2-+7YN.Q6
M]?V$-MQ-0EZ#@QR\.Z;HK4S,' :O7PG'0E8=UPQ]34-,M,**011$(55EAP&H
M&5_J[[%U.':MY,WLR9HI:2U)]$8YWZL!V!IQXIL1V&W-T]8(VB$KZEIU7*!
M@6:A]&0;*_$ZP6AK&PUY L5@1\YH=!H)C645X
KRF&(6N./+78_'GNXE.1

%(PGM( 3.H7[PR'NN82%=9QPA4!E'GH &2)8:(1

M(9URXQT]:M

M]'U:5Y;9D

MG[][O='4%M*6B1I7*K(I#&LV$&8AS$0##&=
A\A!F!4A'VF^P=]L[2D76
M]6Y[3ZD(EJ2#1:/!BJUESM62M-ARP34.#Q!A3*) ^UP0'ZI0^:)HGL2
(Q6




\#LWL8
M04PP*$(6%#0N@8;-&[9O%DAG;P;Q)(G
%*WR9)M@7FHL24JOZ5I7^-TKV-G_


#8@@KF]G/=!7U+_&W,ZY=^,NAM10EZKF?6')O?
M%CD:JO@HI2*0F@\((J-PPF5] L/-* :MU<9'D6+ZKYTF'1*D4\-^
[[G)


MMC2/UEB!(VPY$\( 8H PE10'?MX7*F! A_Y2M]=&X6^AI.?
WD[@/\'V763

J+#7#C$A4VBV!AN_G2MWGQFW2

P.**
$-U?%U\3&;=+S
M
!KW_
FY=G(0+H&BY[=^^N?5PSBQ-9.39)RD$\\VL'7)+$=RO!9&&:HJ)H-0
M*8(0XC[ Q
?2#X/2_F&!$N_G?7L/C%HACHP



F+W9 ^^S7
S

E_@

MTN%V4BV%$D&H*




3L+

]



MP=EZ;$O


















X?R:'K1ADP.%2W)0:G2XH2_\ $0ZY QBBH3&#!8(H+_%17?
MM(-2X2=NX
.QP0\_\'H=1T#LKE@M4Y6ST?C9*RT@RX@O&D0JUE%&)7S*$
M:.DL2J


]R@7=5:\GA
MQ/SXX ;C6_&5(Y&:(B J^X7ZB!#).0R0QE@@$DI0X$0$D%@ZV^UK&]!R:LA

M+W&_8W5%/G#M:18K1%G4$
)KSMJ7-F@OO*TK K_09H4(XJH -0QY2(R?(T/
M QS:]PJ@I)$D;)D5Y=+BD(_CI.D
+[.



M8W

WXK+



M27_I


M]W#9J08Q]Z+]P37G[PUA_CUK;31[?:G/4Q

MG
VC

M^D/SN7X\


5?
MOKMD%*H_!W0#O46+ZL56\QN[!&@_%K0Q4L=)=_1E:%[+'KA;$Q?S1VJ449J.
MC(5C!_&M/WG

&88HE00#%@(LBA/JFI%@





MU+@GR=CL4G
7 RI7Y06\7M\HB


M1


1M_2'ZK=LY1A

YG$ Y.F[+-UB
M]-E@4+R;977LWV9^NN7?*V;ZKO]DM-I-\LW[;62
IL5!?^OW)H\_2'D-&23&
E%&C^






.

V@D8,A9IA+$0-
+:
K:%7XOW<(NU)=33G.C'NR/TW3Z])SGSQ^M
MT+7/J6@OCETJMR*AE6ECG( L?)Y& GS?XI2)0KO2%H:^(-7XZJ91.M
H%MG



AD_1


MSBN:1&EEO1@S)8HB'^ @]#&@D42E]2(#P





M?

MZ)U=U!;:'. V)


0R@/R!JT%%-Y:0.&B \A!F

@J(C(
MA(38E\H75$JH.E:_E!IDZ M A365DAA';XBDY7YP0H^ZO*7/C JG:V!]H\

KA58%7

M%8 E*L!BV

MO%*Z7:L?_\'%

;N^
MA\[C:8''(VKE2WY 4*1#(G6 





MY)#I7
MO$(F2!BEQ-=:8LD4P)++\L@;AKYHKNQF!V3::SG-3LATD'.SYX5
%Y!Y+*3:
M^SJR93B#_N3E
@.$&P/Q'O#V0%B* :AW:
$4Z#02B@(_2B$(Q#]
8C79W0
M:QI+_SD3NE/S0

HX@+1XMPO





:O



H:EN*;.)

MG+(!6(GS\-]ZU#NJ+VOZH%&


M73Y-0)&8%*.!56#.+A=7?1XEWPQ!C=+B2S(RS_T&&S/\;32]GBL\U?7%/^TB

22^TKR:.(:&(
M7R%:$ K%5IK'UU-_ M,,%'V:6,5EEHQ+)/I4%+/-Q(5]JI=21%VUON#*]LQ9
M;EY2&EQYZ?4?8I*BSW%KK
74GUTG
A(\F9LSJAPTO_



8YYI%#/AI/+J\-PR[


+;FFMW'DK#GN'KQ_-5Y[1YG)7OX3;.YX-'A

C0
ML3E]#8

W





ME\+Y9WJ5P.-/1\E5DB=.#)11.!_.0#'(1]F/=@[G\-;DUDIYS5.FL:5%D0U&
M5DBUNASP&RC




\04*T/W:2)






K(&.Y@=_!##'G
Y5J'

[
M.



M$+)K&WMY3!O#Z'




MPU=1E'I4;2R%L^LV3\T96\L4#ZL8NFZ*L4=&'+MEK!0S6;$Q-A-(*%J];$
M=0HC$51Z4LU Y:I7DS2';#71Y^23U6EW3);8T4$\N$Z'L[&)Y7O@*OZTV'7_


G(


.FB,?<5-,@UV2R]T:5=Y_C[
M:ZI5(2LEB^I%G%&$E(H1(3@,!<9U^P<?A1BM=%_NB%JXQG *)9/VH98I;3+
MUM=GVX8M=Z7(S@I^/=#T0/
TT/!%
$=#(!= @3_M"6Z:%\.:1'XL9%5A5D9ZM8U-
M1W3%%P$:C:2+]?L&FLXZ)5N8\X6I?MJ;[]90*04J'68S$\*_3W!<)^U[&\^T
M^P9 C$2C7ZD7H\K[DG!?9T'/H5J%,:2[&UFMHF$I7:NPBL5H\KTX?63[
M.BN?]1#20TCW((0TZW13*235W \B DAD5_+A7[LQ=N[*%N!$(ZYRXCH(:2'




M/Y@2@S_ND@-Y!#K*QE1_!'


M/H/0=\3IC



0!)] 1!S%2GG
HY$75$5Z DG\N/N*XHM@ 
:FM$:/ 3T&O!4
^+ .
M!




M]N-**-
!!57ME12S=FQ

MJMYWE
:4O):;KAU&Y]R5'/6
WC/Z.V5TW2RIY_E
1'%

MMUE1H;



-1]-[H)1\]!W(


MR?#3G





MQ

;%2.S9R=Y.JZ224 KZ8TJQQI(

XDF12PTTYVZ8Q'@W0A'FULX3?VRPV*/KV)FT:ZP+

ATI(P/PP\/ZJBP36 RVK(QLY@

9I+O(_+TMY#C#1 ENE&TBPE?
1G'+ PQ9B$/6 U56N*5
M


U7)1TBTF-!:4<D#HD5(&.4ES^*8!?&J8VY;GFU?



M=-C0+(:1BT2;2;6[TU$W7=



T%\?KLT2

\
MCUH/!O9@Q2X
-D/+X_@0U)KM*A\R'Y$1BQZCKL7

MV31SQNE5






/.2W2
M_*4\,TM@&!_;<@ R[_AG7[2;3_P3;UKO?AT0)_N[MXOO2V]F1OLI[N2I+]E
MXR$\(8:CV
#=?9KDA9

I[-U?''I'^GKH=D+ 6#

H
MZX_-?S?6$EC[

MUDVFZ6C@28^FKTT8/9H^@J:B@:8HPHR8]EX@R0:8Q+).D/=Y=&5]L[H*EX


M4.7MO'





M5BP[FJP[!E\HQ.!\B,P=]:MKNN3\F6[LF*A7(.T$)A#^+M_N%Y^#7HT?V=


M:2]]9!PBP.
ECXR-0CX$=0GMBSQM5Y-DI29 &V][Y8()7F'L:?60MKY])7/5



F/8V



M7-FL2I79=B#G

MEO^[
=76_KM45:\J]5?5# 1B?A 5#X\H#!?!W=\R.+PVJT2V
?%N
*E]UH3L
I^

YH0B*4A,(C^ ;TK,E)P\5@QJ)\QL+Q?U=3'3UV!

'C/?%68VXL^9CGT1!A[\RGS

M([!K38CZR;?M-J _8VHY[:?75D_+!E;5Y9UYAUQ!O\ZH-L4; (4$*B/-0
M$D_&7+.H @H::L7?H$*ZM-^PW:7KMF7$H-P5O,TZ'YT5EXY *GH/3TQG3-U


!41%J,Z\4T+';4DE
MFZL:W844IES$VC09])#20\JQ0(H6T@)F4*!)#A41#$_I


M
!.4QZR$0!KY





M(?9M$W

R*
MHJS%=YK!4-1'QSF?#:Z=NEJ
*0MC2O ]K+IARJG=I$DQ@]]-O;ZE(ASPD
?V









8&_^VL1SA








?J%/?&Q!XVW@QL$+R0

M$E\RWR-5Z2_B


:USQ /A[:N2@Y3?1F\C%U/DD@.F@&]#!=V

M]GX$QPRW&@I&43(XZ;'FPJP#$/N\3*2W$=:QRL)M=OK7^W (1*NT_:CZFC

@[J\9MP.'4KJ$':Y\

4!Q)Q27S0G-I2'7HA6O:I*U]STJ;-
=[@O9W[92V

M.[!)O5LOLLUN6]_F=

8:]
MR(\D#DP-



M3D/G].PT.#N]^'KV^?.GT[\[GTXOHJ_1^87C/&^9WL#@N\&H]ID4^6%S2A.'
7SZR1/V\VO<YR&
EP;2!B86]HPOBGTWB.XVA-

MZS(=I@4@B74O XV5TW'L? Z^J8NN57[



^J%'/=\GD2:JVE8A



USCE9X Q\+[?




MRPUO[A/2N[M5X= *IUJDP%+
I/!#'QC
]Z*8!;'$%=.%U$
KYM/ +FX!#ZT8
:,P^30$N9519R2+LL7#%&;8+?<O7HN\5S6V2=8BZ-PA\KYU4#P^3U7C6

-Z[


G



M0)
X#D+L

JC+Q2*N/
MFF.IL)9(

G#P*:#Y'A




K

M(1QIFG
/B]#WZ].
*[QBA-N
S7B+;$9=3)A+59M^-MAL_?C8KQ-WEZ.\L'


&;1L1.,&<1A[TD?(CST6HH +4M7/D2$FJ_%XAU<H
M+(T9
)


B($U48)


Z*AL0;KA)%%7*1S@R/;ZE[[. ^Z3*
?0H





6.*5LTY








2

$<R9C+4( \Q!F-,.^'U0FB<B$K:S$J'2)B.LKRC'9

ME3L.2[4
B3G54C_&
@B$Y)&?P255465$GL!?
2:D!A38K])XA%-JK*R #)
M5?IT@//KTBR0H?UB0;-D3K$GY%F25:M1'_=FU:!&!.0]RI:_9Y-TV5: $'0
MDD-F!-(IK)DI(6($2.EU;=8P2V;7CL#

_%
CK
2ZV6U +\E1BU


5C1\L:%S@2'^D!]O\60
32@&M9/8%=G



95E\75;.:X=O_3
:S0^[I
MX\Q






44[0SY_/X\#^B7_^
M$00\Y]\9/

+A)
M)K-+F)H%6FM$+=)R:+=Y-IP-K'QH[EE^C3$X&IK8U1UY(#]UQ1.GLQOX??4
MY73EU!G :LW&:64#O0:,@:F5I'=AG/L7\!!_##_]8+G,?#Q/QZDEB!.&O! D
M%A0BI!%77A2R\HP+E6!^+$X6WCCETR@Q@QTY-

M@]Q5\[G)%Q.#/.-ESD!EL)8-*G$&P(O5KU8J
9_AE8/Z\R/3O!C=@!)PFMXY
M7S-@[H?3O1L-I]?P)S!D%5
S@

!Y+1UDCT(+HOXGHT(S&-J<E&TY@A




J2VZ5)&V
[#2R =#






M+D=_UN$G\UA4\TJ;#3=/W2N:@UU
'(9@PUF;:P'#*4:%@6KSZM&?Z;!Z\//S



M7]\F]^7\:F8K;M/!Z-(* XT1P(\S*PW;:Q9QAVG)O9

ML


2
]VC

N0_)GDZ
%:@X3^
L%^6XDG&


R!


M4$PA/T9*ACP

B-Z5T!N^CM#PA7&CI[(


0




M


87DK5G)''[Q_B1.KM
ZM%W#+_H8Y,]K1GD GJ0B6VB6Y/Q(B&[

C)P%2O&%NBR!YFERU:N9KN9-GEI6GMZ
(#I\EH#$/





5^K ;XD:6VZR(NCG$3
\Z1 DE$:

?[^GUZ/!.#7LM[H1SS/D&RA/%4V^C_)L

6$K
TZO9N'P1B/M 2]?PU7]FHSQM

@
?30ICT'#P]/
@3&







:



MR#O(QN/2^.#X27Y5EA;=0(+8@^1;@)[GE?JUM[-=&





M!R8&XL599A%[$Y&0TR#4TM
AC@*-:1W6YT?2Q^'.+#






MPL0X?X!=8O/#.;S0*$1+CZ^_C+
\!7%]N@$E-\%K#2V+51?W0UINH_E%W(S
MJYC$AI(L*+GTGPS6G)B5P;:T;P/1UF;0RH1=\TUM5(6K:@XJE;X&C\'HYA$

M



MK LXG

M'2@LU$BLB:U8]YZ5GCB1]_7TT^G?SYTOT5?G_!?O:_1DSYJ-.[)L


871KQ^[[K)_8.!1S_H\F( $LO2^S
M/FPSEA


M]H!3 \P0!HD$5X6.&6@[T?

M
;?2%G*G+N4__

E$T)-&3QH]:?2DT9-&3QH]:?2D
MT9-&3QH'6*'=7'*X?2-].\J9#:=+IK![O8GLV.=Z[//K]_)XYM?OY?'
K]_+
MXYE?OY?'

MA^U/*\4Y=NX_B)$K*3GJ#H0]^O3H\T;1AS3*!ZI8(AKZA&
2QI%B'@G*Q%
4


M) Q(@+B(

O7 EP?
PJ-45GR0GVJ6J
M57]%CUL];O6XU0YNL05NQ3'SB6(RBKQ8AD1+G]5E
0+
^4K@\ROCUF%CGS5R
]WO<[_&[FO=[
MFNN[W..68S4[VQ,J3?9S6ABND(Y'VRKWL(939SI=38KDLFP^+'OW-O-EFG=


M_(AC&GLAC1'RJHYQ$0_5:@'
%V/KC4)!]F!J@5R!6PT&Z7FZY^G7X^E&(3RF

2

M1(
(!8%?UTRA1





EFVQ*
M15NHV_T2



M$#CE*#A%RCHW4@$&;*(I1%@R*%1

9-8$RJ9^TL)P3DJ+!\04V)7FKB^
J=L54MQ%F!/
M0!X8)3!*8)3G
0IM](\%Q
BQ
MP[![VBZLT-4CLO

R=+[JY.

B6LEJ4U!225VP9Q
MNYK

3R:@NF%JQ4W&\9Q&$+#N@-

( X@[@:(90UB
M B4V!@&?1LNHRF*D]*519@Q*\7=6P9QV()WX./?3U?^HGF(M'3I'^?IZ?ID
M=:?4-[SY,YI-1L/!=DK;[Y*S9-:TU$
%(DUF#$FH4X84J(\L_2=*5;B(!X]




MG:P21/ZGFV^7NVP*_-2J?V\2-AKK#K5$#$A]2A0S3D%L8JBT!0E*I.9EMJP!

M!F!K%2HU1&)QC'=%AUW).N(]:2 @1 #(09/!9A*N:Z )HAS+!'%M8F:H




WLZMT
5C^L?EC]XQQX
M6/T#*^]XNO#';KZP8VGT+&;9P%L^GWU/

Z^

+8VZ1)9(H@(T%QNBX
MZDB$Q&I\\DLQV79BQHNV2MRC,%B5 9;=@5M].L SJR$%DH8(R5\ZPX
RE+^

MJQ]6/ZQ^6/VP^F'UCW7@8?7#ZA_SZF\8JB
Z:@29R=@]_JSLPYJ;Q9'V$3K.

:K
\N'0.TZ7#.*X#!1@!4L&$))8CR&%
:%4IC%O&
ME_$[5[/;GT[&_6GN?TE'I?

MMT-[0A1! &R7 OK@#OF@$ID G@A&$X40: LG0+U(20+@*V=??L-ELG!:@&






KI




X
4!:J!-D


ME\=
/-9T13E[I )[7
C82B'V;E?E0A#TI&BS-4+W#M #QH\3XU34&$^LH#'1


M'@9!40\8/SR
-P(T$1.0Z1AR)AF6F# .4*FH6XU68R=VB/&PB;]6KLIV 'V5


8[@EY1G# (P)

MPE(*I]A!NPQF5@E[@5G;;D#CBPFOW:8!@? X07VQOXW63Z 113H!2:$Z
GY-[U<^F^=+^ZR$99OK!OM19&*(2DB94F'5EA6[


M67_AGF*8S6SYX




MY-4?;.V9=_L
DM]3\?-_KZ;516[2K]G;S]







A


M?C:=IPYC7]T_LUQK'4UFL\S].9M-^D
3083MU



F7UEZ5C3YMF2C

F G'D*60Q

B
%$3F)8 (4&-!0E40'&J





MNM$KIYM1JML'P




MY:G!\XL7E\6M=2*-T-80G!@:
Z

MI62?O


MC\G4R+O0Y-P=/%^&F

M M#ER*-\Z%':[Q=

M)RGD DH.&)'R9?6
L/'
M_OZA(V,(TTQPL?3:$

0RLA+E5N_VM$^F/E42?9O.S

3MX1Z0G2:C]M*KM=5;/^64R&13-2*:3?C8+S4;V
MJN##%BE(PD:!)T($5M0F*HXMCBF'MCB--(*K!#Y.0?^<3'\_&7\J1&LW.@<$
MO ?Q3BK3=U898@\2$3BNO)2;(!$4&)IDEA1;C&)51F3;1FEI!U$MJ
52-QC
MB!\T( _
^9$
Q\/953:(OGKMX#BMH?U(P=XFW3#8Z%63$ 
((K6E&E1-79
M&F+#N'J4;BI)RM7

80%EL5(P
P
MXV5E(8T




M8 50%:



+%Y)O&UH_1R

MY-A1W6#?=)\.6M^=.21ZPDQ&C9P2HQ#DU&+*I43:J




8XU6HC0WPGM+)\1(]#AN


M6F'W.;7
J#*?0V$(]780VE)-&MB#J-4@T






_:Z7@;$W@MW2D

MQ/?I92E.:CPXN;Z9NE7S/H/9+]/);(MMO7H(PAZ (=8ZP/'PX
CP$HZ6*TAC
M)6P


MS3NK


L*.1 L#+;22&DQ(JV

UD!X5L

-8N3^8U#J)BRR:
MF*#$KOKOGHVK=G9_TB





T4B7\SD8(*

W#0

4^N;K]ML5XIZ
MOJ89DMOK*O_ :@:OT5[PR4'ESK1/

I._']F?1F.'<W_4_F
MYF+R9?XMG6:;NOP.^0QE?4L:9JO&2;869N]M=+SW;'5)6@DJ-&$$F0 2;2)




@KBQ
6(8
MBYAQFQ 0D[)U1:(4Y.3%$&Q).2L)V6KU7JZL%N'A^VKJD7C=HF#7=W


MLT+45T3::3#:GC4G@P8&# PX#,9T/%3G5;*E45&2Q)SD@



MKSY03


$ZV5




9I;.DX0H ?9]O(0]@'-

.VO*
G8M<W#VNX6_PU4$JADOZ@$U07*M&88:VZL(9 3S2G

MV.;VWOU=?




M%WE)X-*4]O7NI]F5/Q3Z(W.&]2P$DA]X\'%8R\


MD@FJR40C0H%%P JDC 960X$*38LA$#_8M.Y5R*1EGQ%%/2PZD7JT+V1RD&D-


M=C_JW]W[XD(K_^URY2CMOQ?IU*W8Z#89CM-Q?YB.3L;%CN?X^-)=0(\F_=]_


MYOIDY





MD]S]/VVU.%GGZL4&@D4LK\4(NM04HJQ=F2!88Q8' MAC8(EA6!-$ODLD%M
M40BGL


07FN9AIR8 6S&&F5?







M-O#]
-=W_+MM0#F8P4S(G5Y,D@8U00CAU^F6:RTJ&+:H.1T);ME?3C;H$9
M!C '

MU6 FL9&Q!0I1!2P1E&-A*C5;0+X23[
^F$FWP
P..S#@50]%7M^7$0]'BWDV
MV$=OQC&QZ3Z3IFRDM6D; PRU95#'DA@.XRIRVCJ=Z$D-J)36??!.M$J;G55U
M @;W H
8U&ER3&%H.+*(68:36-L$E04S&$)?5)Q^1X&.^94 )@




$N(P81A*A&H
M4BZA8KM(N=Q#KT1GU9R P/U (&GT)01&&:V!@E;PF( 8X*KJ/!&8/UF0K86$
MRSUT)@0$!@2^(&L3O4B!,8(:J@,PAQ(*8A=[H&$K';3W4*ZY1[Z  ( P)?
MA
!&GU%GJF/$;()QC#6C#$%RSTPCK%^$0([9;J3-DN?==]/X9PA)!J&9R4
M3W$=AXV:K4E




\V

M..


(3'S\0HVBE& 6BW%'7 :
!H5S*
M:D\C%4 09BC56$G!8ZMK1(.W8ZZ$@#P!$;Q;C'* D8#1@\3HZ1Q&F 5UTH+
M'DLD8^F[+*-J'W7OB&=BE.Q6UP6'GKC?*:?^5@SQ#Y-O1^YE.N#09\EXG?[#


M!@X

+;PI60[R@)N JXZ@:N$ !U$3N&J8% 2*-%




M.X
.[R2[LIO4].QP]$U.%S8X6-QXH+]



X&X
MA8E(8L8K;Y419*48D9.ZDUSH/CCRVFH
 J(]0-I


 $



&.P*!E&=061EHCB% A
!
MJ(



MK394T-@XFSL12CFXNKL@1@5]R5#3Y:BEI%0B:=77UR4O=Z9OCZW;# .P8/
GCS1A5<
MBRC#4C#I706)II#!
@Q($HU6TZ8VAO=.G ?/@C?=22G+ .\ [QW#&]7P!D+




MM%!KH-$.=67ZD8









M/RRG=&WSV 'CAUPTFX^?R^:EF^F+;)3EZ_?6)V)RK#F1@E@!*L$






MN_6); =/]#U+IG*)[,Y\0@!MS&B)B0'!BDW.8H)1;Z+E

/9


MS_W'4&(2O?%?\@^!P



M25T0AC.;I]'GQ6R8H]9_:[:XODZG[B[1Q!GL[BK.D'8KO1C-9^\B=T=OOP_'



MIUE_







MI[EYF$S3Z^S;9/I[]






M=;PJ+M/_
8XRIU\/GB-O6]K.O)Y_D^7*?I2ZO2Q7N7*U(G_EE8P[+L''#F.?
]IK]/I



5J7?1AY/+RP_V@1GI2K&-

$!]QP'3L*1MP67G4A^#R:%)J. 5:ZQ0(
MM9;'A05EA
9$*.P[=C
-&38J
3'&F@
%0A[7X:5JZ -)U3B[?&_/HY/3Y.S\


M7)Z=7_0B^S_6_'IY\@\;G27)B;'G11Z?.3O_=':N+FWTBP_0\-$91Y2R6Z0'

M:TE




O=\Q&/HSS5(S_%[KFE

:7%9DL#_+*%:R?;EH]=C2[FBQ&[DK9
MM
AP2^MOY;]R2^RCB7M%]L;G+!I-BO#F\O#MTW3RYVVT;%S82(+)I\^]-9S[
M1RM%T7W]9C)S G


ASE4U9L$1?%S)9J


MC$J )LQP9NZZRX*ITIJI @_$5*GM$W/V\9
]O3@RO]7C2H3;?6^R\6RI0F2I



M
MV7WE(T6_^.#J<9Y 7IW$+)TA)XT;;\T8Y)P0KJ@!4!(*C1":Z!-K!!%A@D6
MC,'M4$Y$K\='YR:DX^.6.O4;T^L;:@PPM[_H\3TYFJUJ_&F,M#_2IZ7?7[
MOK.)_RS)RB%V]D];.:T.Z64[B9N6X;5ST9IJ]S<N:_9'FBGMQNER$6HS?
M%J]FY34]

FE
M
SSJ F$7E\XNR=VO%^:]C7_]T
E-.9?)[S:*SZ7M3D4VQK:$MZ9DO$E_? -_


M2-I-_:Q=%COTL-A%%_VK;.#+U75*_)9/=7*2JY;HYW\L:U][ ?KO/%#WU@M%


)-2?IS#*:0



MK@;%;E@V9RC

B@NFB_G5)._K
MTBNNBI /2DIO_8



M!+;:OT$;/HV.+6X8Z_;'VI7BKFV9T?KVIXZNZ&M*[$$5+=Z#JL5=6ONC&M]*


:7S#]PE##4
-0NSK4HS3]U@KGZ((0







_G
MDX&2/QE$DYN&$+WM3 WS@_F!-==LFL)48:HP5;#F5EISYMG5SU_._I!^.9+.

F?W$!+19@?S*]A\P-K#J8*



M4_/B_S:4!]K&XV#.M89^8

*<F!<G[F73QOQ]</<QC,*SV0W_P4 :\OX<R_8

_#2(0C

M!X-H%J:)$R2#293
8G;%[VA-HL'7@TRZQ-M+-N&J-?_I(464ZHZ'70-32AU9
MU373


/GT#_/T=_/JY
M9

M8I0KIIEN* W89%)\^\





MM/9&M&H3'F+:*:1]7E/Y3*B!*P1H=9PV'#61;E2G+N&
713?[J@B4L_@N0



NV(/
M[-XX8
N#./?




M8M7. ?^K#M)N4K





V#-+3*$D^9]&+ VD6!OEC
=P18TY7-F*I:FZ;;M(Q[I&+$T)8
K
M6T

E8_GEQ-/41?VJ8S84P?@R]'11[1P@# 
(*R)$&8L
M( QAPS1EFYJ*P:%



GERI$[!YT0T0]JX*N[Y([[=
U581QH:
#(L@57855/H3
M54LAS?0GUB__
NG)%#)F0?[;*/_+R::*95-3]Y#GJKKFR:;JR87\J\CRW$:Z

34_!IEG:!ZZBRZ@!SM#ZT8&@


46*SLW!4AU4=5W3S0K]OE5H;%3N
M$;U2#^UK-']?-NYPG@D@%B#6'+'TI;.&!!N(8


MKZM0+#F(:;A2NQ- #$ 
0*SA(*8C?=D+)_

M^



M \ +P OZ\.+O( 72_4TQ\ 84XH)TF37)66)7IL8AEK3F<%FH0MT#0%@ 6#9
M_C0?(2I9:M]
+1DYFFI:V

MJ10V@;7!#0

M4:/*?DIM.7S78+=WW:V56QL Z7BU54(
O64VI/T2L]Q=RXTJL@^1V5?*[AS7?<QW#=F1BN\3Q#(X CEDV
MG5-44UZSN


M@GA$6[.?4RV.T]TBA8RYQ=#R+JZMRQ^NI7%UEV!NG]'

:%$




HY^]U%AZAHZ62T8MG4]DS5L:FA&):LVVYA'Q+5-=?LV?JB


M0&.@




M3*KT9%QE7TR 

&@= ^ %X-40\'KM'*.A+RK :[;JR(C8BNRZNJ

?8
M+

 AP4P186Y12UA0N

]CSOH'XIZJ-HX*. 'X$=+\&
IK948CHZY%6:Z


*QA#T )CL*;8LNH2




M?69:1'#0H@!B &(-8E$*
+$%

MV:Y\@^ +XOYK7PEHFQ.)O%C40-.91K8!K2L6$HBEKBET8TPZL\2E%%F0K#

M:ZYYANW%4$D5IJ6A]C1]IQ#73-T
NFBW?ZZ-*D
/- 8: XV!QD!CH#'0N#OS







M]/O1Y='*$?/QBI_S.S+1@=W/




M

MYGXK]Q[._J77J7AJEA)
/R62/8MC
94+QF^3BGX;'K=F)/WP5VD43/A=%W/0




MJM4%2](
CFQ!C1&G1\H$
)[

N_9/[

$[N_Q10CXF
2[8A_?O#

I4'

MW0T8RU*E
/I67OVTC2O895G2A6?E4,1,AKPCY-ET9D9XGS1)F?.]_G_21(



M$U1$*6Z=KR0TKM=JX!$A5$%T1W_T57;ISH5KG'RD?XR1[[G)\7!+7M\]MK

MPOSV6I;4EF]Z


R^%XZ#6XD?;^
M]N-N&(EM


MW)2YOE^%5
_8&+8_[

Q8_MF8R^-NIYUVDW/

M


'
33;GPJ7;OEM_EL^IG]%

EJP




MAI9AW
;WENRN?3T2&JL641:XPT3=.-8XX!(ZSX-:B!^+ENP(!Z[4:]';'8


L19#?



FR,@W17


M??WPZY](PU3PTO-Z135(VZ&CB/MCKFN.NC=D?-A2UFX&#8:U!^T=8C3X+-




MG(X AYN;A7(MW@@%O!%=1\Y=L]TF(+LCMX(



A96QTRBW/5IQ!= A*B6(DOG







M;63L/YL:OQ5LYD


M3R'0WW$\K8F[*D33
F4*H_S
^KJN4PRGZ %:-X@B;%$!BD %J
X#:RV\M? %
MY ;!?@7YY9N@W0L_1*-0^G\2+*23]F]SUIN.0O-6?7LR25-G285J.70ORI
M!=9G=&C\B)*@!]WVMT8.D$G[3ATUL);*Y)17T;3A\!YQADA4_J*UO1J3VE


ME%

M[SUU0ZTYN?_7!+%]=58-YHXE

M7Z3






M)[

=^]-%Y^KZ@B.V[ABF



&*F





O*LS^MW85V*


MU8\_1@MGL1;]:NDZ2^+Z)BA3B=T!K6#NDAF4]NCTI=N
_^B:=05J=YPC4W]:
MIZ!K%!31 XO2
-CT
:X!I?:GP\&VR(1X2]-DT%F=6F(J9MGBY)EO90ER0H

34S/!JR_W;SNW+R^ON$NN9[IZ9;C


A?A\
9(''^EJI+51F]$AS


M)WOM1RE\WE:%CR*-QX
(/IP@#P:B@/#YA1L
SBK* 6W3PE3N8U2N+S;US.
X.WG0$T?<


M0HZSE

M5@):O/7[MD$7'D4)L@J;Q


-^P!'
ANTO3VZTJ

MY;&(&




M\^9]R_G1:%:Q*RKFV.N2V:5.X+]0#






D40N

H5^QF]8^C[(J^

MXN/M=XQ%B

B9'J4;)\ 77YEKI144RP#W[!D8&AY


%4Y(8BKTZ5
MR(R8\_W
2
;'IDKG#BT4&Z#?
?2!/$;GI[1;E:S.G'K2N':]Q39GUG:_YIP^





!FC^ 3= ]U-Y?[;K840!F5OQJ -KFBRS2PCM![

RP)F@28.FS7S(0X!7A401544:X*O

Q?PNS]!N




D1?N



<6RU.:G#P<RZ


M;K-MDCX#H Y[:L4XV+69

Z  6D*K /4HCNV#HPBG9Y'Q*A3CNE
M8
B\'E

M1[9@H76CPW(U2;&LA;8




M7$C'&+G/L8$7E#-CQ_
5XINA

W(KH2-Y
M@IE% #YD=WB$5N]#*1(S!R:[(3%]SLK$&;Z@=P9;-4;WL'W66KE9(:&Z?F ;

M34 (Z9 O=.:5$ C!@ACW1+/\N8!1AEQB&WB8]P(0W:E;I2C]L%^4;B(S@N!$



M'^=X_^4)I



M)FX_:6= /L$86^:

(3

MQWJF%88WGXOH2%J*M=;[*#)NN*25LF[O K*-;*V)PVFJ)NS'FIH-8=[!C1
MS7AJ
B(;2;9N!08Q0K-I%':FT
M*9Z'1B;9.*I-B]\ V_ 1W:TUBP9$C.=P=]4L0%*]2DMYGSE 3_

MDJ^.M9RQ:TFZ'O?NZHXXCZZVK'T85[/6TCF;\05






:

M926*J)5ZEJ'E7$C^CM]*:^(6WZCN0IEYS7KO
8^+D(0?N

M8]VY;KVE?


MB: 





*)(B<
M0N

=


M$T-P$(@T:+\4/5F3=AWT]$154*10Q\?KRU-5&F%D?;0BX%WF

:^(JIX.Z:]

DM


M\[&\JF+OR@]

M



M#
FMS4 Y)CD(?FU&Q$SC A<.9
IK-1)4 ES?^R2&8');M^TQCD'A_X<\=%L9$FKTKV


C!W,.-N[$5^&)HVN8B60H/T3=1Y;?::JDQ1)0X<P2TW$*U%.K


MIC^7;
-\
HU LP 63\3%1]6HF]QFO':JXY#K934@A=V?:
]4
48=&0_@-A1D

8EA*
MW##!4E I;7=^\

M.+/?A_61LWZ1C0W?V2:57:ZH(EUA/Y;\V;@Q2T/9CVB5LJ8VV%_PES7#0D
M^W/@1



SW63[*]NDC*1DEK\

*X/#0LSU#DU6GX9+NZ+?+*
AU+UN41


^PE^8!'(Y['952'WR=%Y'_J()C2Y-&4%Z2=
RU*S5^.
MN+ZCF+IS#^J!M8K

MGQ
W\K9


MJN??P9 2=7Q7XD;AHXKHP
-\47'LA#[/:.)%ZQW=5J!C1.*%1J;/_\19/]R'
NZ9=-A2)L3YT.R<WQGGB
1#-.;7/=K*%B'9U-.DX_:J
M$_6TPZ#E7JJ=-Q$/7W# !8K]53IN'T73P$F0QC)IT[):Y;08B:?)B6OKSJQ
M6+IF4
)

MFFXJYCWZK*;C/S0]G4!/;.($7G1%TK$C\^&:HBHY3]2'+MOWA&]R%5+SLI^:
M%35%
/34B2
PQ :9%(DY&?XR&W[T6[+Q_



SXSHH7'Y&N.YV;

8

' V%;-%3(=VR7906FT0J_.#-8
MAC?7#.0'RWR
2D?$5



MHAW^2[!-U1V79(T*1VK[R!&I&E
B(UN]V'8TY1W0C*SQ['MF)S?\<1'[L$2H<W





M%C*19=%6[X;I36^-_$??!T]A.OJ^18S\AX:*LQS=
S=\W\_3YV2A_?:/_P=0
M2P

46J
M#\ER:7[]FSBD)&HC#WDVJCQVA$HBL202#X#
1+SW_[WM^O)#U]C-2]GT[_]
MA?P5_^6'./6S4$Z__.TOOWU)Y_.WK__R__^]W_YM_\/H?][^O'G'\YG?GD=

M



M;!'['?6C'HYBS)^MF_0\Z
===#3JT^6\G
;Y_



M;B?U]YURIRLJAN#=7AM2@Q8ZHOEL=GU=+G)'65$ZFTT7P+0X];OWI08U^Z=Q





M-U6\BM
Y;-KOIU ^'DKYZRT-/X8S._&TNX$\:J[GT;2:A$'Y_FDQ\[]?9;VV

M/]Q3



*W+6BT_\:A
M+R?9YK$YU3#'[ZR_^L7^UZRJ34_9#/*HY0[YV]E_?.XD3#0N'Y']*ZL5I_M





B+]=[SMVW


MY/FVW!OCNJ/I#?!U8-&D6[J&YF\C \&!K74TEO]8VFH1J\GMN5W81O1NJ=$'








M0!SX
%]F&\''_

M\LNT#@^4PZS6]P/E]
N'V:1L$/YTOT8&I?SNKN-C]+'\FCGXN;*A*9HZ[&+0


MIYT



D2CKB*&GFJ





%:Q

MP7XS]?J

J0
TR@Q @1$5-F
MVFP)PQBENT=$9\P:&!0;H6
;@^)YG2(08Y17IGD)?(N1N1HY/GY!0+[8V.

MC=(!*Q)8B]V!OT4@=




IIT<*:%*T#_F7
&*PQ2
%IP!*(G(XWATCII%;]Y@[SA'@I0.^#F:/V^5#
MO'94-3($A04%NGE$@2J


BQ$
MA*

I04#VS\ZM:1YU?Y77]U4YJ#X/%

DC7








T
M)(6







5@V@3$0;_.#UQ0H
D$SY!S3

M0#$BL-EC[U BS&.A7:FS9;W71G\!V/QJ#





FB3* 4Z8H@@O3N*DK?9?
]])!++)%M$MAA7

MB :OJ=%
RS?K^-0YPGIEZQ@0.R]K#N7P]P\9+[9NY0UJ%RI()T$41\9%DV5U


D(8!TYKU2+9WK@J3N]'87=




=
MZX0BZ%/ 4
V(8QRVT18 &E=AZ/S\Z9Z90T/H
IV7F4?34.?RG$WK$*H- /1R

M#TO5RXMX9*HV_Q1J9_-I64V:1\8*:3%WK



2$HL
1)QJR@BV/%\[08_L((]


M6*UM)O^[7JY'N%!KT5PD'#T(*@XD)


F\]A1XC6!00(X

M/L:%S8;-N^2T)VD1JUQ_G=#Q[S&\G ^[EWX*PS@5GKWYV?OCNG@ISK
R$O




&[#P5




M)X=H2 H92QD*) ;$4V2

M4X=T$AIYS[+?8S)$2^E4Z;71I]&YBU,ZOD8T_
/88[F+9WH ]W4E@KIDB
M2-EHD%;:HL!&*-I2HIY2^.;#;?18J1OR'WL:.^.CH?U1W5C.V9RS7&GZ]C?



+ UM:BGYAQ[J\B57-
MKK5Q954.MK$X?_=M45F8DW)JJ]OWP






M9QO=&:&'8.(%U?%C/_^]5L I





MRH]H_N*'QT'%D(N@.54CS=/&


L'9G/=40:M1HFB


EQFL


RV5-
MY^J&%4X=#XI4YGP



M


M4M

2&ENL$F:



GWZ/ OW8=YVY] 
U?




M]XU:(VTL01@^!;V/N-CF$?@PR4N.:I=KP=D#P^8\I?7G:'-P\Y.JRC[=K^U/


M

]E F



[Z4IQ




;8

O.YF[(=.+]/X4JJ2+
M:YQ?[C
@1E*.F



U\=1B0^71VV./

ME+X]\%YH%$2A@$

M.[_[CZ9?ZM3 'V+EMQNZVS9=


\
M-CDB;';

M58N4+\.\53DB)'; W['N51ZR#:_2I]=?CWV1TF.N]RTKZ6@RS ]^57/ R!M(



M/6!4:QV_6PBO&RU *U


')'#R#HFFD#2 7K




XV4HT^ISF_*!Q;Z%EQ_..]S/Y^^C*==Z/.(ZKB56;%G7'Q


P'AY





&,PF_226N--M&T,'&H/RD06[)X*!N
M




MU74(G='?832:V5
[R7D7/EW%70GO]VNKH$$(+BU'VH$V1V
B*(   ^*TL$$9
M0S!N])1S




1DD;2YJAWIM_A:NA\
MVH[3!KZ*IG29+J=Q':GK[,I.OP ?0.187L?P]V@GBZLS6\7/H!N&'&OI2%_8
MW3G]WGUK;VOGC_S2[H,MAPC.< #1ZRH/,MX_RL55^2#^_;V,%2#GZO9(R7^X
M*?$YZWC]^]G$YD/D.G^1[T=QG#R%1C[)=8HOZEO?7Z;9U-
W@V6^2WR\VNA
M-SZ@0UYI#CNH_N-W_
B#CO)PL84[?V6H*I.1PEY^NX+ <
M^Z;X PO].5-'5;A4_3+:I6/L 0IJW298J#]MVEX^/MN!+6DMAK4-@M_%^T7
M)GF)DT\H1450$$@4H

MA8^[-K:V31?&6.R9\XAQF #M!$$R1H$BEE9&[0R/+?(6#&


1:6&JPWZ91$F#J!E(DX6@JKD;? )/N38'*4B1C LKOIM'Q3

M1]K)IO=98\X

M9OB( ?_?7=]

D=^L=7O
1]EV9K??(F\6*UPEL+1Q_@JT:
-RJ
D




.9[=TKE5L :)AHE/U Z+.&7=D



X1EYI9

=-
MP7GHA

MV@02D+
-
IWP;'S

=\5&%ZZS1B*JR
]6G]X^[DOYO9KJ)!)4TMH

Q /9


MM0H8D)-)@.8L Z@+P6 4/

M1O!JVWRPK]/X@LO5U_E7S/'M59=%-AB[8,UB!#'4%36(Y:\@5V9,B\5\-AT
M$VZBS_NKWH3;$=D\Q+OJ9P]R'Y/0\?/;9[W]:JNJ]M\;XO'OL]X?G@.?A%#F
M3^P$)C# ;@--Q_KU]LB$_08D358O]_/3N\^SU0.\C5C%ESGX?4
Z+\]CU7Y










M^;-CL5D
8+5:S/SOV6D





#$X
3(S
5]D968N


M!?X5_.6'=#G-9O/E]=_^\MOG']5G\^[=7_[W__H?__[__?CC_]6?WO]@L^GF

M__BWXC^_3U;I#]]6\W];36_2V\G[;#I9;]]]LU[?_=M//_WYYY]__?9[OOAK


%ZNPYNVK;_+T*KQO
M=1^ A0*B':S_

MBB '=:?ND

#(Z_P4SI9
MS*^7A96BM9O);WB(D^.[6.=)W_94'+BO:@/! HS:+99I!^N7G_L/@( 3=[3
M+_WE1GU?KB;HU9;K5?_N9D46DVPTM7*?9NOPZ9NYZN[;#59;'\?%9U8J^@#


M7\&'N[180Y#U\
)7U]';^L3BXR:?WCQ=C<F^

MG#@B?OVLL'O


M*FS:[Y;A^;3IRE^?J6



C+7&_?5]$#$7]
Y<M'SL%PP/[35&GR_1J7O&KB#1[E[3:]K-@W86?KP5

HM(]\[0

N'91J8/0W/[?Q2






MC!
KRA@7
P7K/IT]F2XO3([;JAO=


M]%




M1O'

P\OE
M PV_3FY3^T1IK^;QV9+ !96@@E\(Q@Q;!G)?X:.6Z2HZIUIW+ZJEI_3$H[
MDH)ZTA81V7])7HG/

M04DS)!*

B) 93*\:GFT1D4-8Y8'UM#)_2(IEE
M6J1]+*^+<AA%D&NZ2O.OZ1GEY,S(Q!-$E--<:4]A-IB=030Z,;PC^OI64

MIFR
4AD9GT@
(PI^4E0Q7]^;L+






ME '.#J[K@)!N[HREW[

3 QDS


M+1U^*@IY(HA'EDD5U$
IH(5&2F
]EM3K2B%KE\J+L11KP5HQR#$#ABOB _;X

M7*\Q=*.


S(!4%H6M$IK
MO#!.8LV$*^D%$/899?BF](*XN(] SNKM?L?&)L0K31D/!@U%4$NFN&2E68.=
MP^
^I*-QM+JDM


M]U$5A8O5)*

MO)Q

M$'$1MG6HE4
. T

E%@%%H/?.*DJ-

V(6Y#KMPD8FV



M87%Y/!W5#CT

8GG!/  #V560V






M+PWQT1L3PL/F'L -YBE30#+BF3U\
98TE[?.2D^/?CMJ#N\EBN^OV7(Z@)7S

]&OZ;/


M$

9;PO3&H;P/PV-(\!7*W/WYXPSJE$' +*?9 '

1'!*D(-0
M
 ^]=(!34SJ=7.!
BYS7[_?6+#+HERC^#\16Z]G9^;L3S$4A&P8'





.*

MWR;?SO/M\3















M0

5R9)I,+2.\T4H<ZB<+H<$!!@!;I@
-4

6BO*9]@W4W *?:2 P9I8PJ8367?%L
M!2


M#ZT^ZVX





MA Z3CC&[:@YOT3H[ZWAN


M



M6#AW%=!;&BFG4J&1QU.UY-N+C28N2F]3(L9]13.P( PK #[+T^EDM3[;1^7X

M9= 3:R&PY6G()&BN-8XMJ+KNL=\&ILY96[FQKA3



(5IOFR)19CK#2
HNSC-T<&R%-@$4:8$VN84$+N[]X
M%RWB[D?3'+FI2





MT-H#;S4*_[

M*)/*'+X10B'K
TQR2

68A0D7%=+TKL(BL,Y@U+T_89]62RJQM6[6D'EJ3,5<M
MZ3^I!ULOH0F:.1!


 YSK8
MCDXPCA  F%04F1!W_

&N+5*:0ZU#[L7V=N8 %(P4@6S(?:OE(-I


V!L@C!L

RL?[T




MG  $6Q58[JTOC4NL&6ANF@W3M7T







M\(C4JL:H9W%H[Y1ODV_G^?;XF01H1*00F!(&H23$*UG*[+:K^GATGRA\:T'[


MV6*6+G_)EG^D]V\ZSL1I6B27$F$QL]0:&ZP8:YPFF J
;:7J=V\PSL1P1B&V




.WX(/QSC9HO+X^FH
M=NAA6#G,@7PX*[9!1!^NMB9)U?KYS\<D5#'O,#4ZV$;< X^Q/=(.&EN]8VM
M



WBAT5&5.5D[
M]*497M^'K(S2)S(^$8D2'?5QGD_6NTHQKZ<5'W\PL=)(ASD+=A-64&%C#J0
MSE&OEQJQ8IPJ@YY%A*8A[]3MW6)^=?]Y.9G^L7O[N^7T=!C;J2&)0
 2:A45
M$E




M V VTDI'T3E:75):X?9]R
PH#[GQBLI T;F'7?=E YUT5J%]SG8O_I)^6^NP


MDE;5HT+.SI)H@0TT*!@T@79'!;#0[;' WOD^-Z23 2%Q&7MB.XH+6)\Q(9'+
MQ (+J/+8*:4!-98H!DLP



]H




KL1[U4':8C;8/)1K+?^.?(P*F&82B)<320:K&F5MN23D<1OCBE

(PP_I]EU/KF[F4]?K/VL=G%V;$(A0(!!0C4
M!R? G#%5THR4[U4P&BH933B8=8M3;X$/ASC'_67NY]UUT;DP_9/C$A:4


M$&@YLPCCD@IO1)_AEQ5/_-;\.*W#U0.DH0[WRR2_GB^OLOSG//MS??
Q+_Q$

M;^?_O?U7%;Y6&9IPSG&P*P#&RC(


M;7;9+/?OCWR2SA

A4;2
596*M-B%Z[M&!^!O



]./2BYUU'Q&K02S+I]:3

]C\



-26U_/?%^FN7*/[MJ]M




PI1*TL+K
L]E!8
M5V+AV]P2=Q9KT(V4=(G:D[Z-F4IA?8 ^F

M1C2(+C\-A@EK/206
D^X)TK;AZV3NFH-=


M(Y&22)2. R.-0N.V2:)QL'+.0S.\WJ9LC-(6&9](#,*\=)@/&- 4,,AI01#
MB9#W9$^?E10TKSDX0!I,95Y53(.IATW#D(UG::+(GT[G=GT+D^G\UTF=]!Y

[PCL&ZQ$0HZ0-I




MQR9$V9!


U?=A:2$U3


SOP_









J9[DUV'EQ8U6T!2#VKA5(\_F$#:=
@EH( =1
C8(AGU)V2$;XW. :Y+/LS-ZS-'G$XN


/7YY=?9SDZR]AESO%RPJC$BVMET5;1D41
MPT+BH ;MEHX  6*$984B\C0^0(/Y$B*T5S:2(V0(59[@'0P5R K*?6-D\I







'$R8(Y(P*@YD#1#LEN=Q3Y)36H\FS;
.
UZ++
MFR PZEO7 V5F

+2*4:P5IA 1F#0]DI@PE[&QWHW


;@
M
;80B:BAM\*B7\Z:39X7!9BJ
OC9\XD7(IQ.5 1-5$!K




M]I_SATNI([PN'TDDD\HP$U9



MA&(V




M'CF?;]+92QA.

<
M9K=IT%UKB
#+
0GAWG+AJ+& &HZ$IU27-#+;X@JW
S=0=R+0&IZ^1.#S39:O



+WU$LL<?


MR


-2KM\M

PW#;&2A#Q_
!


MNS*-!&CN'^XLDG0DXM
:R[XDY)?Y



[.Q?[O!N)@=F#E'16

M98A!$I0JXWQC'-(@=I'9F*KK:Y&T4!E@LSXW09X'H(3+Z?
L!4(RP9D0$&

!;;K$?.&BA@^3DY



MR

RNST@O7JY#I2'DZVH
M8.P7V9]]]=9Z\NZ75ZD#K.+DB\?OW]

D6- (UJIDL.X

HSY2C&@:R]XSF80)SUV=NEKG^O


+DOC5F4;TO





\NN3Q_CQ 86&PPSA

M
;I

'6C0 +7+Y

M'/:7X)Z
B
FJI9+1PX9:Z

@@/JR_%MT@W*HH#






.




KHM(KTEJQUO!GB6XR?')9H9 8O;
^Z!I]YR[$IC

99JBQEQF-&+ ZQ(Q;SYI_
M^9W%@\7E?118^F+ZDY*(9SE^Y.D$2DX$YAB RR0F#%:6LDBF$G-E;G.PL#B



R7 2B2=





M\71V+]NKL=T3KOV%_/USLUIOT[F_9*]$JFU3TW\/P

:@%W-


&Y5W1P:NZA[*R@

MS)M?J'16SWD
&VL

M\%($L$N

M'\R[+]GS.&B9O#557K42(PU=6(Q\ PQ03@#5#NIKDSE P


#L4-2&$:DI!92*\BN40SFR(-JI4@[
MIJQF'1^


MJI(JKIBXU!#:RMPZ'TK9#**W(@ 7%D+;(]]'%4(+A5+*(J\\)X@9 *4KCT48
M_AAAZ%P;Q*N$T-9#Y%):('B@LB@
;:8Q@
DGW'^*#^%&;!^$*1(O Y&AX#









M_MRO^_R]U;'G$QG(4%(Y1QECWEM&4'D*
ZG%#M 1N#3\RNK

MI
FJ;#\^('**H:YL690!8+H/V!.L%4\WN)KI72B'R/ DU#QJ_R]2.FAW\]




?+YS%( ,-'<<6.U]Q9[7H678YU@F[62+0Z$X'5


/=AYR#@!(CIMAT78DSX&B7N$:*AC

9(-Z^^\'?
M%TX#Z@.O2D8^HZ/6ZV*S5HOI^UG^QVQ^K:1ZTZFRTK


MX*RP+^=X^S-A^%S-MN3O#LNOEJN)L4542


MR2SQ AA&.':H^DHDQ'#(0F6CT3T*-&/*N%TKVR/EK*6&(FN=I0!2IT&U4^EI

MO-XRA]R




/W?V0F'&L ;&^N]]7A4@G.^-]R[[13E%!#B+NTN%




MB+

MW@R96PX0%D 8;(W7BCG/PK\$J.YH;ZAI7Q9MX.:#

M02 )DC^&1_A\4 QO

L:M1_4Z3[UG#LB '16&
M47ZH5 X]X'38/



M 0DM);?AQ/-!XY+&55$C@ 6N3SD*)B+-.^(RJFW[PW)ST5I_M+A\*.JUZ6@Y
M=^8HY(9[X11PU!LN-3MB9BQJ?WX

/@-Q7-WFX=B%22E;ZOBH138

=#MIXIU?CH]H$IZ_ES7-?0!<32;;
MQ^V\_[OS+MPYR_WL.QC 



MC/$MPU?7KQM
38O9_L
-?WG]O88?9=4:7KSZ_86PU6M#
DFM
8 PY -=.?9
MB/W=2;@@5-7R@O2UL7

3#H9N!J/
M(LOH:0=PGJ,'-_U!KB[_[Q93JXY?\Z.R8AT$%AEE5(0 XA8Z0!@N47!K



ZFM

I8)I





G5?:

2(!7T
M!Z*XI(@3Y8^;HJ!#E9+;


$
MPJDCN&? &LJ(!(Y*VZ&-$[P-DU9W3'HEJWLL5F5T_M]6RS\W#V7$=+ZX;'@^
UR@H'.L56;@*3. A9PRE*N@?Z
]5X(R-)35$GUZBMP]%HKNN-EK
M18SCOJA











M[]B TKX_3SB2%U_W#0/UT_

/\[S12UMKX_798)+Q(R6
M%C*B



?UW+Z<4]JL]YUH*XICG!-1

S<HQD'MBS+BZ44


07M?6/.DR'2
-!&0&BSR[



MPS/%:E5

L,.$&^=A]8PRR5Z#L =-OBIN6/D

M:4E!._L^FQ:+Z?K%






MY]QLN5=Y+\9D71F; 2*AYHQ*9A0U7D))[/'[\*A#C8(;
3;&AF@HMOAMMEBN


MC4^SKP^;M5[FJZF;%Y
2XN8*R
5)





M'5)OBQN2BBU-D0G&(7X?.1T:2
*

MEFL:P_9@](C65Z;*!C9-Y)K@R#93M0+WW90[ Z3!$&NGVD4W^TCTNI*TI'

QX4$_@T *+BS7AU@?@H-@/:)5-GZG6 \];L*=,Q0(J4
MZN T(E X



M6JXO^\3;39GQ


:.I]NY0\X%QQT6UNG]
M/I^M=C4!?MO=$GO;T
D?)K&(#_EJ%;[I[\7888
VG#K?=RMY7R-H\
33&5 8
:'/9GP
M,]&AFD_<T,!.]%C&Q#I8



R+S@' L
M-4+8
D





9FC+YS&X)5WBTV^^#H+PN]^ ^ZOR7Q;
M^HS^MEQ._YP]VY.O\

8






&'$*
PP
MM5!2 2G!AUV6;5W:)WP-X(.
R K1$!J*#_;)7Y__S+]=+T[TZM$
$4
Y!)IK







-*.


;@;PV[86

MKDWP3F;#=E#^VNQUR\;H-+@J':-2-X.CD!9A[CF6%C%5.L0E-X3Q)J&M S
M'1L8')MA5H
W3E5\*76XS4&'

M1!!

=&*6&K-D3'@ R_P:H RA.*



MYKV6G@06]P(+32#1WAXO463;ZS;LUV&

ME8 8T'W..))$
E?+8-?/OIZ)4JWZFO?PS(C
A9TY29262%O)0:'/:(M-)#



M^.&YS$
;Q&./-59$&JKPOK36;B\XR

ML [Z[N2
#LM0)V\E:?QMM5S7L1GNGLN81L0JQ8U0UD.L@T!:29
4
S)HMGD]


MHQ4&5+($^_7$YX;8* W-*9^6\[E?KO[
5]
://'BZ0P9XL+EXBE7X82S#@*D

QIBXA@1
+JL-4.)(,)RF.=Z'&

M=M@'P2- 
S03?-RN)@_YN@BWSG*[*
U^:OJ_V_5FIU#6X(:+X\M3T5($B:)*


MCK#R)5+%KF/BZSV_KU



O G-36J7R@3


M1O;:T$Q:

MS#C



MLZ

8/(*#;?O8]IY#?B*0^R0#Q4!I.+'FY(IKF/TNC
NH

C4?)U&:KX8+5D
MDUH5YYX]P.Y?V]GFZ;=B\[ 







0A\
M(S/7$;F/Q2*?ERV4]@[68A4$F
E+:\TXJ$R4N* $R
=W*^]



MU)


M?PI!FER]MO$NOC@(CLDA^]Y&UP^;JV
S@L-&



M9CGYIUG^Q_O-]#\NAI@WG5CEBNIE47(6TV5 @95=[4A;82S BN99#X?:K
M^, P#J@H3*A06FM,&0:HLJP$I 8]3ZZG+8QM5QH,Z)8GDBTI


M^&V^?J*'[%IROM)LR






MO! 7O02XI:$Y[


B


3T\6!85WM48
M#VL^]_09MNGSE4%6PT B0A$41G


MVMR9

M0G/]2+H\/@N;1I!R'Y1T#AT62J$JD

MC%(@1%IE

^E


M+\Q4M6.&Z*#A@!WSUFH3KVDN;3.

M\%FT;7FG?]C&



MO+9$5[+5-?.T0^DM\L
M6?L&9X.W9^VS6+ (0T:(.:8
&MKG8L/!FT[7%'








=CI^?


MMFZ6Y%QORDP[:+'D!DGK:?@B.7&56

!;GAJGV5*_$&N2H*AH-:S

YJ

H7V^-O/[NE72&B(TASHH[172


M !G6BBD&?*HPAMCG*#Q^NU]#-')-+:84W[2)\*63WNN3QIA8C3]949M 9Q


WX7.**=/#'*B20_ OZB(
ZSRRU



6A^BQ\22



M=:VVF1\_Y(HA6C0( $ !%!O)6L0M)3!=M7DA\POV-@ENF WYAR[S$5H)O^
M=&FB#!)NK.% (!F -@H*=KBLR]Z\C+7FI@'S-@:7C*/A.1YW!5B*V=?RRU@5

FY9MENYB CF_[
M]OEL]=_Y?%N\;%[6U?Y];=(
$QI49&



8U@?DJ3AP)F'(:'E*G9PAHP$ Y1AAF#O'



M1P#X]A?ER&F
\2P-G4%+JLRSL//)\7GAZ)H5R*\YIP9(%QA5GY07'$/:?&




MX:JY!5%PA
XL37J$;!/T$$\AOE[NCDF(H1J\)[BM,+DGR.]D]P'%W?Z5@8+]OSG9]<\X
M

MEZ[7Z-2HH40&.!H4(I*PR!B.UJ8 )K



<YUX=\ &RO:ET<;QQ=:E;B=?;#/
DO;%
M'H\!_?1;D9=[+%_M5\6_MF76_A7';(W1F48,0R1XDAZX'2!A_ HM1T$
:3


ZJVJ]5L\?6JIZ_.\(Q@RLJ^[B[H&LAYJ+7C

6Y0^SB!YFZ1
M!.66**#=8C018[!
)@+
4F@%-PJ7^T0$L#3%DJZDJUN6%$[E-XB/R0I9J3
M!F\ONLP:**#VBK.P=^Z
T)A6.]8$M/=Q#A]=5IMX3:/+FF$TGKE?/QV-IB;?
M%%^7JUFQOB)
-)@E

MUP]J

23%1;
M]@90#598/^WH]&!NN$'V=_FRS_RN9K/3?[M+#U//YAYSP2VDG*MO98TW+




$PP:C


M!)T_O8 X:KC:B7R+-E&.9^?)D%4!8
E%4'++$N44LTK D4ZRVXF6C4+P.O%L


\NBS\'Q=PM=+#6P&VBVF@DD1+F18
M;H9)S151SK%JA^$/F[8%MBO9ZN:$M4/I+?)#DB;35-A@)
UU^5BL-[-)N=BK

MKS;5FB3\-0-H*%8HU[EY:A#Q?WI YB0T5A-DG:?&*T8 LM7N)!()&L'CDS\*
M-

)I8T2/4YF*W!B-! "HA+UN%*:0JNR PJ'U9\A%R!-L2/0(P0Y%\Y\]X
M=PQXOD[TTP,RA[$M*Z\A0JUG5EBM8;4[*5&70_BDST*-.
IH

M4?

SQ=?#\!?IE+^&
M/Q4XAPDFPB%*+$<L8

M8Q1_:FWJ=O*G-L/LE_G(A\.3,Q5N-NA%9(0CV@%B=@?9)C4O[4VH2OV\B[
M6BWZ#_#4 EI/: 2^AMN%F-K+Y'H!%

:SH[S27$T^GVSG^4G-M133EMO%


 VF%I88H9TI*XP.^S&'57DT;.:-B%
Z-
MAO--&Q(_%)N/Q6JVG
XFAYE
F/[7





MOQT6[]V&WO2U63@\&#?AGN- :0VU):SRR@(O68)-?%)G[6A@IV--W]EYSMG

38AT@^%2LB]7W8EW#,U%O@DPJ+8$ CI;U
M-2PMTU- !1E?$B;4RU/18]
L1P P*$DULN+OVJQKC


ML-1AQLR4A@('A2$4.U *&0Y6N!C;P6(3W00YG! U')Z]:ZZQ%:K(45Z)ZU7:




M@V07MUVLPO*_Y']5K56N



-$4@8;([(


+7&!-. ''=DC%)N_9.@/] ):T)^KS)M_L7KO;WMW]

M+Y=YU2GP\\












B-H4!^L
MXD!S;2A20ARQH

24N-()Q0KH4A&A-:[0UB
MX-LK=?26^2
&5F/QP2&


M[0!=/[K;8?*

7.Z'PP:']C8TN.L\&67^



M


MN9A0&I?09]-*^P)NR
326K5T@WB_7LYGTWW;H1*]




_Q


PD2YSL'P-G!SB\\

M&)X[#9;S#
\Y(V'T7%J+D/.:




MB '0&@






6B(X9LX$3

@$4(IZL-NQ59
66?R_^\DB

JLYM.2FEKR=Y^8= 0F68KK


MMZ?/%%1;I[B& H7#&4&G-BY;$7*U

M*6L-RT+C

QMW%RS[[.K<GZU
MF[F9++]^FLP.243X47,G'16&$R1X5@K XW=4@X#NW+3(=+1^U/' 9 *%EM
7&A
M# (H=E






M&2 (X,$9]AC7W?B5)ZS#)O3]L2C5^D:W9!)EIM1T_UE6LXGBUG5M'3^Z?,%
M%L9JK#6QH;S%$!6^RN$@BKIY4!GHU#T@60R*=E.\8_Y\ELYG5W/RJOC-T7L
M&U
X+:6V6 NJN/&8(0_K-:4L]#QO%:(CWU[9.OVB=)D2D:7D(L@CL OEJ4

M
!Q0R2D.(



M&\U!3](YA@[:P=WHPNK3T$BGU






ME'L'%;'3!Q-


MA*=L%$^&%=8ZC1P7#B!%E= 8@UWQ+0BV07[R

MQ78]U?5O0=I75?RS7








D0 J\\+BKFP[*@6=4+I$

M!S
TNK/H]84S'6$YY\XD0I&@G2F+-3$6



[S].^93P?[3+5#Z+RYGM79GQ.SQV'R

GN=Y
MTH_&ZM%9W-BUVWALP36

MLEWL=;40&GL$Q%Q^:3&5 5VDZE10C9 ZFT.C*U]/D9A.V/T\LI/[X9.AR(R=
M=/#8XN'Q9Q_*U0%!.3JVL)!0P1TDF,&22T[G/$F20V:22BQZJ9MDGT?0/V

MM2D7JSYMPFK;N:S_Y17L_DQHO8+[J?+0)*TDMJD.662DEA@&QW1'3I*3]8


)FLZ



M@NFV7


MB1KE1?O:P

(%0*26O4T
MWLGV@??!0@3]



M;K\

M:[$C+-V4&59OY/CX:?CZZ2(V%3.


+!$:+=3O*!O'T 4Y\._KJAT6X!X^VW6

PAL\-/)(Y]V&R6*SS&R\G:\YY


M*;;*FFO

MG%NV5  $


F3+8;3?OJ



7
5BZ=T^!*)2J?RV^3AW6K


G!_9?LN
&!:76&TT8U5I+



003ZS.?IU
2
:*.E

MS(\W
3L-E6YM!SHU


M[^J)0H;;A['3-S%KS;^NJ+1D7Y]-S
(A#[@T-&SO6EH4E #'MD$$H'$'129]
M$[
V;.P-F6XKL6
3

MQ
QJI(


1
68.8990! !!B
M7D.T$S7)??NB_?1-S#JLP&ZH=%N G9J8

M]$W
.BR_;JAT5F:Z-S%#GDE&-8%2!\-'2[UN_+O=\!WID'R=OHE9-VVF(S3]
M:#
MFY@Y+4*9A%3!K)A.68UU.%S

M$$7CQ5N

M;Q$A'N .EP$E#Z








O/P:AWK1



:*R&5A]@0[1V&.X0(5NU#

M8+)1

MVYQ:+N_OOJWUY/$G^6EYOPSX?H[_F:YFWV
FRLB%4%^^3A;E*[ZJQ6(ROUF7

H3!48\2:P





S]-80L& V?$ &)1AQNJ8
M1D^F;
E^:;PF._8Q^OWK9 O+





M]/Q\H)DLUHL1AO





MF








 AK[PT%MLZ!M\&J
MI$VVD7$BP(U(?TMTNH:%NWVXD(P9&[8P[Q5D3B-HX':?4

MI(^TG)


LJDH#0HF-QX23$DM9+)J3F;
&4B
MQE5#H-J;(/S^5W6B(.Q&%%PPKK37.%@=PN P8[R;
B&V?85_XJA:#H+0%M7^



M6:HEL7\&A6)*$PP9

K/

FS:84R


M@)
(^1I9*@S

T3UCB1U'4MW=M]OJH2R?F$U[

K)SM0^-?+W2?\J#A4L?KL
M]P7U7(&(B




MKCY4J_]?KCZ7T^IF?D2T!_MF(8(5I(C!3 #F(0+4@MHO(PGMH*'DW
VWK8CG


Y)R$G:3FAT.H?;YBXF*'



:




M'DKLB :!_O;=4DQT\0PCU2UODY0'?0BLON[N\GB(9P!LV!%7,^FD\9Z;2Z
MGZ^]LM7M;#K+8 +;GRR#M5/.OD=0?E]
KD:OVG=ADJN'?\ZNRL_E]W)^7_XV

/?+5757+MXW*

M+?KA&35+_?Y_%8M(F._;&JGE\TK[UN_O5(.: !


[1/R(%1
MA0T+3#)(M'<&$TN@1W!+)W*09'XA92\</85G=&Z7.G(2AW(52A&$H;MMOEJ

M!272



L/NIH8!9
MBX3S-/YCC8+%D*0\)0ZF4_3)T+V9%+UBE3)=HK_%U2@BTV!T :#W!C(:3E+B

+HC 0EBC

M +RFVT'A\G:],K9IE+3&;V?1WJR=(CD+C3C$NMA(9)/^JCW\O;:CW]6#!Y



81PXKSU@%@K


UW.7T+9/7!B\


5]@PK0T5--Z$X


^)-R8H6U#PJ=A]9.'


M Z

MW.JSN!F[
?9[HLOM


M_SJI@L!Z[CF5
OP'2KXIC&

K;:5LME

K_K'MZO)J@S/<\;
M]E([/+YP7@C 



M



&E]B;H


UO12-

'.Y[I/^O70_XB7F!PM+&[V@@-8KX!TE


M5-_**






)!XL NC!C7QI!&P2R3M
?\LKS


7

MDFW_H$)[*9@$D)* FQ
20\^V5'I%1
HRQ+YN
&_

M@8SA.K96T)00J30@@-9T.ILT
R$3-:
E-*.)0*
^G@=&%=*3L*$B2SB)*KV6
MGM:KQQ

S^J/AP966!-
M'+#







(A0XJ\;(*MN]_NU3#ZGYE4FC?Y'AZGD4

M
H?/L:?6F3\S=4,GS]6#H+$B4CD.ZZ3H( F(8(]B#RK%5]&-+T=&EQTS)]


98#N]P=
MM1(HJGK&N9.5-VG:#*G8.6(&Y6H4DTO1I7%./!
@#9PH*PUZ0$SL;N_2\@_X
M/:]6CN?9E

X5H:DV544))/$
MCI8F84ZGT:@G7


EB'&YMTL)NX+








R:_/RMY#BW0X\M)ZOHW



MMO[IIOCZ


M^5UVM(CBA
:VE;C0=P(WBET?=;

M969J/D?*#0?WFJ


+
MG;

K8AX&$:-1=MWH(-%
M;_6.
6&N.[6H (.UA



!'7K=;8;




M;3'4-RA












M'MML-[F'J1KHAIHX7D;7T^5

M/M^FNY/?O=E]S+9\





M8XK^C:&*9$WG'Y=
L:WVV:_U)L-]GNUV+W1_9 BV+SOXI\5W^JB_4?N/CI

M08
9
-!7@


!$'\Z9LY J#TE8R @(@_

(8VPY456&$:^




(.
*F
M_NSK#B3@*
676






MYL^B-?A0Z&PYM4;3NVU=]N[B^VK)/0CV[:PY5*8V('M^W%_1Q%'Q#^62Q<O


MI)NZG#E7!D



M)'(9.C36B4)KXY+3F:
1?I#R\4U_\GV]97G%[J9'Q+0NPAXD@4^@CST[@+$;


M23$Y((AF(K(
G33D6S%%FY9357A7E'7^K[8X_3
4*QL%U&+S9-^)@MCU7!(&


'A;X8




M3$C+'4/?E'_M4

K





M!TYB8\M#U/


3 )[5QJ5[)U1'0(G#[CL+CD
M6,M.YM1NZ !3G
PA












R3+T%1#

Z
M)&DC=AG2I




MB+SN.%V2^-B16BHP!


6:=9H81XKA-&


*+(+!O *[







1G0)O&<[H
5=+@1Z&[

'%HA&%

M)/6P/3JU

ZX#;VIIESSMRU YO2Z))VJ?EI7V?S8['=TJ+\



ME2P#9HT?(;

9Y
MWQ3K/?\'S:

J2':;$6N*

M30




5_!1YYTC;J0_\
ML/+!W!T8[9L00OY [U]VN N0QLF]OGIXS
S
ZJ.V]V7YF5HGQXE]4'4[;C
M4!3;86 3@I(HH&PJTIN*BLJ(TK?;4X5#G!X)?YZMOY]CI6![CJ*Q&7TOG$N




1*'&

%?L=_6*?5F((C<)_9!XE/BNG?0+0)Y+^%RSJ-.M
MF(JI?+^4:AV@2'<X7N\PK0%'*==2IR)295INN2DB:


M^L?H8^C'\VB@+L!;:5%1HU R =).V]B
ZR$;D8*!L4QN(O7%AI.2S_R?@/R8FBBJAQ!'
M\KMJ6ND9LYLVWQ::X-:9,%,+$P4IZ -;99+^U]X*[/[--_P
O.[*H.[37/;
M E955E=X7Y;
_F&3SK
0)![T$ T\.[2BR(7]3


M)B.T#*TUZF$Q77N7O#[R+&5=A79(HNZ3.PI=#P[MG_ZN=;GMRA!X6O-ZRE

G7#.C(5
M:Z
FE-


M^





ME#K;-
*
844Z(&MZ5]9CD].G
2R*B=-$!
HITV/N#K!FD:7+! UHD@96ER%(



Y=9R7H?73N_WTM.4\O(_.?OGM2RMV81+Z@0=Q
M0*%'XB1 O4D/6DA+[BMB:-[

N\M0
M0#VNB.:Z\OPH'!8_7A

%%#Z_5Z&%Z&9.ERYNFJ
MO4Z.1&Y_-+Y:UZMLRUK=5FQKPZ*V5\YH3[DKZRAV/(\$D

3

M?]\ELBBA
NM3:A8
+TRUA?R*IMO(:/I(VD;

M(:/[9QP;. $W?XVY%PD;WNO21/8R^I=&?Y[O3FEE2K3?D;O[;?&091^S9F?L










C8X








$(3:(
MLYFG9?=33F1CC Q
Y PC-CRUX]C -0

M*']ZD
_ON*_=QP72- T&.XQ^%O78%JGESX;'!?*\8/F1$WIAQHZI^)$;0=






M-'# ._


Q_F'H



149
^Q81%#EE/!^/\EDX*G#$#7[G


B*
M








M@SCNE_H2&Q.IXQ;7VI8+7CYG2K=RCY(),Z)FP8H4-R
M]!F+;[]U8'.KTT



7X

*SG;:&]M&XO








MAK:H '^Z:ZSJN_!
[9_[O'XX5-AW8QM'28@I@A8.$XO-#IMW@*#E80^%HB.T

M.$I.Q*;DL*E.I)G1]#)+0\.K!FZ7H4-:/'DZ &MC1_A-IV]IN?G
_DESXXLZ
M;A 2 FWH()AXD$T(W

#1*!7EDF1)3&;



MD

GLK*^[2L'[C*-W.&T$JB* [<.([BB+HP\!R_
T.)
M387K

^(QFK/YKW^/

%4IX2Q9?F6



M?D9H0D+5#@J-(E;DN- P Q?.#&FB;?Z#0[H
X
M(7;CP'40].W8QU%O*[20U):9F@73F_Y/GHQ^JUHL7I$_L:4A\]3)B;4*:\8?





M:0:



M]8UG2\8NT2:6E(TF?1GZIM6CRTF:)K;$ER0;J^_V?&NEN/Y[46?5*H2.&[B6




M;L$4K^
/+ER!$VPS'UTX02)S=D&%W*5(EPY77CJ]H
Z/Y(KXWYM5X6
*N JM
M$

8K4 CN9
MI4[$GM+ZN%$6=2R1B[





M+5P]FF(Q%9R673GY&TFLH7+6+_ U('?ZN%Z&SFGTYUEI:[U
B2K;K_FN*//Z

BW$CO$/0+LA5!&XW3:

V!_DY$]K'



M\-M!;HYAM[C  34X@7W%9^+])WYOL
L^9&@B.H(KQ#
'1G+-V$A





:\L!5C]_D'R)59DZL0G;%*S)


*#M+EQ(G4&1]V*\52F W8%&+37'3;96\;*%(J)SC3LR:8SYXB;

N
OYEB\$\12K




[!

;EJ\CV:9!$A


M2^UVJ'S_9

9?7*H2BQ@Y!7KX?$]UP/(=+;
M]3!%JUUVPZL+?!87F/%&A?I.W/:=9_B$^]$1TQ7@2+M^!-@X?_I7#+<$&D@


R5






*)9YQ@9T*A1
M!Y#D\:Y4&AL4'*:TQ_P\7=E[S=*.![!C=E\^/';
O[8]
_5P$A
 IA3/S0
05.<((.://0Q,0J)L[@@+89

R%
^$8X7Q)BPY'SW.?O/JOFAEX/WU

D$/#P/*#J+?NV
126(7397J:M;AVB6C;+Q%MCI!Y&:S\

O=3NU=.)




M4.8G+G;


/9'.9&4
I
MF@+]&%&4S9Q.3IT!KA?@Z!HX^M:'N/M\XUZ37)U[_VOJ%
M88 8SL_F;PS*&

A3Y@04BDYSI:F/)+H+ZJ)



ML0'9TDSY
M1
MU.%T6:JJ'V_9BE/QII\[3F
KJZ4AXF''6RYU(H2+\80!E:/
77

M1^%
H#:W)-4AGS*N8D)##Q(K[D!HG3

X[&96C-
M2!^&;D0I
J*L+UWZ12TO=&/D.&X28 ^Z?M*5(F;6^#W040HC:&
&C5&:$BIS


O

MGY++[&:I5%]EEV/1[!+[



M4.YRJ1:+
^LD1_J:3=Y?[ZM



90HP)9C(
MK:=K,&A\@?V(L3D8GIZ DUUFU\&OZ+K[Q-3*+L0?X5V! \&8AL*&5^9=)
M&URJU\CY
@1



V\&:PK
M#@
#R_2Q7L88


&_2MF*+92LZ97AI/+PVG;P]'/CWL


6([CF
M5]*^-B4OTQIL^&G XKH=O



*;8

TZ&OZ]V+*O
MX25;&N30@QBRT=OUD0\1=$@21!WR)(86GGT\E

Y




]&]?FCDH&+I8EXWLM!6
JGZ/,2OO$9KB=:B
M=5J/AV):K9%-\9IG=W=YW6QFLI$%[N:X<AVZSRKCK4$CBH'3L)1U(K-AU



D/;


A
MML)^Y]&/5:'X3Q

M]-AXVGM!'(=.

M?O#QVS0[NH;X2:(X519 OF?E.J^R@R/-BN^;75WFNRI?M]#=& :11RV?.-AR


M-?M1HN:V2^??BHW_* [\T$8V=D/L!=@_+ J$OMR8N@S$/\S!H7-GAMH+FMTH

WQPD@I8:SC!%X89Q
M==YG1

P=-PHM&R*:&0[7G]+
M!\+($[K0N5CP4RQO@^&-VZO#SBTX?VJH?9HL/WF:K#@^35;T\Z+[TW(+G(7F
M5QT/XC?Z%QDE@=H


MH_[B&Z26*W1G[

)/L

80LOS4!+?CT7XC4NIUB

MR-*F?YXVO2OV?

[C
AJ#
[\DJR9*GYB+P\ZU],,(P+]A$\:- O)4;B<^'%Q$IMFLR9B*S


[
M0*Y%G*A]D
-U$M=V7BH[HOR]YD2UA0-:/.#W'I'
PI*1$F\D6:

57$&2)




')N8


MTAC9L1

M7;1:R?HBIE=*#+VD6%59K]Y_V[&^?9O?-XH(:8(A24+H.111#R'7ZK^?NM 7
7Y&(=39F5<-


MM0/?#WP8)2B



CH/;SM(9E#1


ZL#XB7-S3+T1AYV,;)-S+D\4K.FE+,/5RLOM@C3GX F,,^;V



8^[E#:O%[H7
L+(M@
)UH
&UP5
MD(^<'VA_IK3^VN<5K=T6WP[EC3$0Y#C)#OQUY$(M&DI H<1.$0QH%HE?Z


,K+/'/VJQ7WD<?D[CS2F]F&8






M[;K>B#X$H4

Q#.9UX5KE_CM7TM#E&?'6W



G%W88!9


M:;(KTJ#K_ASL\NP^[.;3Z[(Y\K$_[)3KCFS&1TY0)PJ-FJ+V(
&''N8O(D(G



E[XGEVCLX@H5(2


M4
*!'
'$#%E1
)WP/+<CFS5_JMJ]V'0[3J?=H

:*P7V08RS2/ $DVC@


Q#:!WZ][R#G6

M?G[
=Q
?6EFCU;8^CN2V[_7KU4O&U4C:Q&M7(SDEVVHUTO.RSU
$GMS5
_J9


M

MET\;]J91U.LCP.
!^68]5;SS0]7K_S3XN

M?(+U$\+I!/

M4IRA

=8M!VW



MCR.@V6L-EB2RRV7GAJ&0&@5(4TR=!\6:H&9G^?[G-B+-IE3Z'OGCZ.H D2K:
M:B

]57*ZZ]I['V^+._;[\(_( 0GT8Q\M*
Y3Z

MTZ'=
[.6]F5EP[%/!33A6/:N_*W!FJ)2NW
MR^WJ]3( +MLTSS,O#B%!043#/?E5B2E:B?L'9AWO/IYA&:[RLF(<B/1'(MM

MQ?5^P7R2X3A



MM*N4-

M4MH


KAG=TL 2XGHG1=K0[B*]J/


N;T@IMG&V:W&9\'VU


? \;R)B!U=$FZ1VZ
.(;\+^$*_1);FW:T;U3-3
MGC]#'2 L
&6_+GKA8YA&



A)Z6214!/34Q!Z





M\2#%3;DMUEFQY3_LQ75$7XIMS5


6IYR=!C!.8HR!


M!/[F7H


M]B!

MN6NV?
__=9' - VRV$\SYM

M#507.$



ML*A7]LRG6.FZ01?V)]?5]#@!@UP()#/UOL=K56+SI6]-9Y8&QKKDY
IM#A
MUXC5UV*C


:YMBC+(@[TWF B%072JL&'8M2C[/96.J1@A8J




I20A%#&HMB#

^\\.7S6C[ 6E_7H5&4)

MTLG2



M7=VWM16))YLNIQT7+\8



MJL*YXNV;

M+/8BFJ34#_T$)Q&B-#D:HVE

M'@T\DJ0H:Z\((!C10*E[TWBH'


0^[#%&21:-G?;*(QLM


M\C

KY
MX\PM40R9'_:&
\:DN]1:
N=X/&E6B 5
X79=JAR]O#IC1OT1U=1
M/H @BAGT4.1[


:.@=DH


MLB%ON2#;\66NQ?B$_


SS


MN.73N:;6J3W7&J \(#A#(0P2[





8!_394)GWF!M%






M
JZ:7  !37

M5_NB]OX107(H1&[9G
\BS)\SS

M@PVL#P40R
 '3[+ QX2V8:49B3$UC6EI:BDC/5GO3IVL





M7S484U19M\R9B.Q3!LVE]86G0\JJ3\M

3_




/0\3V%OR\R!3W M3_G[GFV'1

D46%C[+G3PSMC



DH;TAEGI2+3D-
MOMYYAL\U]8(? C4Z[F4:9-.8ETRII?#!B=UB/136&7&E#-8E\R9);!J#KD


77V=#;&G+)H





TK





/P//#[L=
M1[N@*859%


-)J\:FHZ__V


M;=.Q0/8P@7@R3HL0/

T_51K^7UIK;CQC.A2$<4S]-?)8R



#8RA=IH77RF3Z.N

M+


*[X[R
M+QWF!E


M3=+DY

5O#6OR^:Y6J*Q



4L5!/G30

SI5



F'J:#-*
J*W&JUC:;3EZ/HG.T\FUQ19$2LZKJT:TYU%Z8UZ'2\
M0/T*4U(KU8
ST.;+/GRYAJU.4/JJI76=;&O%R&70)K[.
F9G_')'O6#?DTJ



M)4[YWZ2!T/W]KF9/!R-]&YB\4K^<%LPC^'V^GF0$,UL]=2)]$YYL1V(5/

Q=@-LF#3)
;*:*K$IR\Q
$U7RV
-O


M6W';%

M1P

YSS6+4?

H8 '+.SLIPU&L=EA.]=L=

W#/^!B0

M
+;BVM==
QL4W0:R1W&NMVTJR?(P1DD6)CF!
(48Q;U%$E&LU ?)Q(YS$3F#
FL
MWT!

L#D(/!ED6BMW0


O
MWYSQI+)^HT/O/%XX.ZZ\MX*CSX]

TC:-B%CO] O&O^^K7KL:VA2XB<^J)

X68WZA
N/DES!^ZM'
M+U^S^:6JRZ8?^==BM5G6=7E3%FO&Z?MCN]PT02O6IT^+KZI;#ZZJKACNXW;%
ML^B%:
&#O3@-XS#

4KZD%.'H+
MSMT%PE]PYO#YKS0N]RIT5?4ULZ!U6WZXF$T@) ;_V6!UERK\_\^+]/
BGXS


%_W@!'HXN@P?ALUCI;)PVSAY'
MB;QV'CFWH%O)*+NGX 9PM\X*U$#C&.@]$X_)M[

MR#EZ]

'O7?O[IHT*0+ V/+AZ+GV]4=

72?]3%.E]N5LTAM^WMUDK%?B
MG




M Y2I?G; J/Q)_E&9U3N!;\ZPS!'Y]XAX14&M\C?]D71[KE0.GB\%02H?'C9%


B02@EE'X]%-5T?(O#]QM[6F510]/$8U=-S

MW YO

:]
VCUFP/OS*TN.C
2IJ86+'
ML7 TT$2Q9(<-+!MP:BIBQ*.<H(Q%H9JVM.R=8($6UT1


:
$!_QC(EZG6GL


M.




OGP8I'^8\RDV+1Z%037SUV'
R1WZ+



MWA2+((\82I


MJ&E_NO[GH=XW&%BU&T#8Y
\HQ2@)8

#JBPFXC
0W4=^5:-\4PKGE/E

QNSP+)F$C4ZQ8O+U/KL3'8Z58FXHV;+*_#RDS;)/SY
K!XS)
ME- 

8(
M


E7VTTH[#I526-
M$#Z9$B8S'M\H=1HI.-.71(WE:#7Z@V]OXA%!OY_TH#A$*86)%WAIABB.4=C;

/#9\4)AZZ
MC
F*W]=BOQ2=M^ERM^4 ^E9!-((H\;*
X#3(J1?Z/DX[8W&:R'6--33A6-YZ

MQ7V]H$$:0I@G*
X\3&!

M^ENU62\(]B@D(0QCG&0LAPFEK#.81#EB*O)O8
7N8?]]7S#'H1A7&4YCY+
M(Y@S1-*<D.F)
/2FW#ND;@NE%K^ 
*#YH44/O \IGE-A1L7X+DC0'@AM@

EOS

%4F9_SIC.-[;HQ@O3]+MT



F71NSS97WW95=]+]?%.GO\HQ:7&%WV&%)Q[VRY
M+XMZX7&3%'LYSD



MGD(
FLQUTA]B9*W,8HX;7HX)IJDP)N.&KFAS%'/KU+W CR<P0A+3SJ7

M&!0;75:D2W




M5=A;GVV0-7?@QP^VU(:]39K?VM:?))0SV/R?QN]JZI=(;=K0ERSDU?UUN6TL


M*4%93+T6-/73.$L6WXO==24[N9@8K(I
G?NE6

G

VY -3'1F\JS
8S(T
M%S*J6;[/$XY\R_J._P/E'_F^W(AC^@OLP1!ADN0LR!&+_ QG40\:AIY2J_V)



M







D






MIG40U(Q!^7.=HS&I=TQ3GU&9TY9#SK\B-M;XFOXLI!TW*LO/D5X%:U-.5)?B
MN?I2\

TX)0






M97W8/9Z+HA\G



/%3&N&HSY;3
MR

MQ4J

M@K&=?EX@


M*U
ZH-_NPC
/J7;HW_
N'(Z9E!7@M]9G!*RLN*EVQ==BM5G6=7E3MO?LU1SZ

M_NNAIN*D_%ZNB^VZ/JNZ.IXRCK/8]^(L0'F8Y#A*.8*^YCO+4D;4NG08F5)Y





P S2


0&
MDUI'@AOK?;/)O*KWOQ?[NXJ;]M

L]C16PZW8'6=E


E5]


^A
E+?MPOK9F??,BV $
M(<$IBM,H#T^G^&BET*<4<APIK)J[0BXPEBU%LP5VW*$%UA*E8;N@H!)+%
MB-.SKUBJV (&'3P@(%^ 4SCZOS_AGK2[AQZ_0\6.;@




M@18'+@C4U2]7W-E0KI[
?(C

9H
M#


MYTPI2906Q7/5*#UGWA4I X[T54K\+[TOMNNFJ'81Q8R&.
BS&.$L\B.*/-2;
M)9ZO=(^+L3''2B70@.41CJE6J3*IJU8.270S%6S:
K[HN7M3[9K? $=?IA:W

M78HQDN:]H%))]O0#
5?E


\V/M
MJYYQJK9_JA.




M3_V$)6F0AYCYZ1$;21)BED2Z0.0^UVRPML?1-UW=R78-*M'$UE2-G81(5Z2G

4JP^XO:M%T91'Z
M-




@\9


M_.8JPO8=E3[P9IE;@\7*UX L4DJB

YC#]



MMEG'.6N+2_1@X\! 935UU:=:5PM'8=FZ'+Y5_MW%IG5G)ILK;S&L7A=I$J:Y

69.B-N/J51& 684IQ'R(M);SW/D-9-HI9
:U1=

GY9/@J\\ZVLU

#U(W)
M9U4\9]5CQP

M@ONSE$:J

!KS9WG+'
M_
$A49:0
/R%#&8AOURK!] LUK&/7LCE#'.+C=/J




OH(7;UR%.
MKH$O*%030/T(S%;]#%QZ7_I

MOUNN]@L8XC1(O$@D3=C'#*
\[_&D 3+L?V



 G38[Z-
F9X9L?4

VQAVT/[@*\IM^3Z^PPCVKZ:BDFL]55
M6_Z]KZ=6F935T2_%MA9WV[7C43PK&_*_;EKLD87H*LVSV8?9]ME$6]8&G&
M&(QA3+
\Q#O,1VN)GLWW,K[&:*SH0=3/V(L)]'
M09S@#/$1I\




/!9&+#\B3*+$



)\CRD;39L5/-\%=7$[MN^6OUU

2^3GV0Y]2/TEPF$1Y
MCH(PA2B+::!T 




M4



M.LS7ZD2QQR%Z



4M



M89)0O\

MHP(K^V@DO'J




\R#)DRR$




^M$QK''LKB(

P2Q%B81[UUM-8
M[7R4+9LC#CJBRVVU+42#9OXGT:_Y2[$KJW6Y.LJ4\$!WC#'D7G78&(]V_9%

MM8&

.$8:@Y!Y@6])CS@JZ!ONKE


]P^*S
:JMR&4VY.
M





MGHO^=WZ;
4_O.#;+H[*FLB^&[_4'P?A.&?NS@U4,RE\_?N=^^.X*^)Z#
M$30Q8X?$QMA!_<P@4.1-TIS38
SK

U0$6&D4F
_^U*#.M

;9]9(
P\GT'HP&1!^4N(3.)


MAE-4CPL#HQWX9A1_O*7RXJZ)7?.SB2^W:96AM
XVQ[_ MT17#&


M=_NC7SM[5F]A$XO3_C$RN=#0'=Y



M;$I!' 

M$]
YN=\VN.OZTF@7(O V4;=1
M]LG=1
7UO?;?'UKK=/*HOM [\E
M:9/Q%^#YQY55^UGWN^J^Y'47WV^SPMJ6-?_Z/JN:-_:6T9*J]ZQ#ZGV6_X



80K+@).Q+6&U;X]4HM#M; 0[]
LZ)TF46;E3H
K%KI$I\.R






FL8PO3B1&F7
:;D:S]$XX?I4\1* YH%?

ME6VS2:E/^:DM' */)6PA'%#8MB=U5[KNM@U+VP#LPKKGT-J#-]D [L(J
LFG



*
(2I$K+L@F'+5FHC=@K

=

--YX+Q*
M+Y)\73K]])CGDSM@H-P=

M G-?/E

MUL;
6?03IBO0S5LK_Y0BZ9F&'+%+GD9(6B(T1U!A1U:!WA?K\BY[W.Z*-0!H



MM395)L



@D[*FB2E
MDDI\B6KDOD5:5KC*-GG#WVWY/;N[XF\K.(B?!H]=;#L 1Y$?AG[?I$
0D+HK



M[EF&6AJQ[-7L3Q=[HEJZOQ-H#Z7//?M6

0=6@4HDEI;

^7M7L
^IUQF6SQR@GE*-I%1/'*1G5((@]N*/;SF;2OE=X.Z-W



MQ
/$=[PP0H@&H0V&C7$WBI#4G0]F$!C.4WM85E-VAQNZQV4Z;*/7+;5X0(=P









MFOR_NRD&/Y*2I.M;Z_?T_[(O\3:MV^N9GS[RK*J-&OTHJYGSN%!=2SN\[UK
MSQ_97I#A
KI+SZW;0T139@X4FE-L6FK(*7YY#07;.KLF
=ZG==GD!$+LN0

1$:[


Y5\


%-ZCCHV#!!
MG0#1  B]GF2HZ9GU]5%VQ 8[0V[UT
54UI1'SJOL IQA
$M=DA\VY7K':YW:
M]=DE^^

MEGKE^W8((S_T$HHI2FR
B=/'4.11N6UMQ28
AZD/97'S;MMN:+:O/5OY'J&U
M[B!.?#/KBS2=22U'\KJ
%'*L$4_O8=7!B::4\(\=7PXMKS^5=7?B
-GF=WG!

 S&6 =K




]\



M*9;[9

/LH_FZ&5;3&TF


MM6C4M$V.Z
7KFJ0YXIJFPI
&/3NZF.SXYHA5[%
W\0
8!0%.W #2R/8'((10
M;U5D-_P?76H1.E440N
S[L;G
\#:%# ]NMPM/8*O3125G31:)HTZQHAPGKII

M=BC&@(84^ZQ]-

M-TTC$
24(!PZ



MJE*\QI6^NUM/T7!,L;3-K]R:+AU-F1Q ^&_[[^D!89+N_NT^+A?;'^M2]!
MP9A]--
HFGA
#1%I3Z^HO:
M80/,C2R:JNU!G_/Z'WVK<1+'U 5VB)#-OJ NX2_)M*TZ)):KRAW;UE09W-\


A:@M%ESXAB!'I:$[]WJ
MWXK_G*VS_!L_DM4W9R

\'D

M;4^ETB#XI=#?

MGS^+.FN:;;9AB6.URS8?\O0JW[*@E]4K$*$@B,:!2%U[AP@X37TT8  3NA
M(10--V/:




MX^T%Y


%?(O2D7E!7Y&.85H=S0?K[&HE@JO-$TM36'V&
MG914S=R):NB?196M.9.;/[D,;/*N3ND3Z]W:9U]O&)3]G;CKGM!S<5.3)E@



M7#P2G]86-A2LP1IK
$?R6LFI'2L:6!;G4]G 
ID[#446'0XX&UDF]?!2(LNT


;QQ'[(HS]$+O!T(Y-H.3[
K*?;ECO

=.W2


AL(_I5NKPO[\JWJ

$J09V
'TZ&6G/@.B@VOT4CC
:_O
MCO%%&GDG&%NE

;KUK-
K.?*L2/\+B\:LT(]DVN0Y__1A8






Z*YL4;WC%@
M-9
D#W?36P8)E$.8;/(F+!:\4
(W!L$KN;X9]_]YZ9^WAMT\Q' RP!@O$


MR8WH[OOB\GO9EFBL

MJ+&TC]Z:&LL;J*S&BEQJ5N/+VZS*TFNF7BM$@!



M[






B(
#QP])





M#=UU9%7%!D/&
2WSZYS9N'SVF3K6B
'?%3;.S;2.[+2N'JSCW^MMM5IC+RQN



'T;CW':OW2(?S+L-G

U&_GJ&UV=

;VR04P-_8)IA%.8A<%48+C&!/J1C8 4OM28]LR++(#




R?).B

M]9?=_?VVE
6N%\8HM#F:F%(' RQT
M&XMI#!




G







XIA0[P_@CQ2&

6=LRQER9;2.C-N7!I(F_0TI,;YI=



SEN192
M=(
N7)JLFS3U]!
CIOF5%_@_BXHU?U/P


\5(M3


[=O)

MJ\JZ7N&$V


[@KYT
9Q[+I1D% 
*0&)-P A

M!]0-H!!2JM%'U_=X5
.+ ?H%H\=
E

&
M/E5MTUQ.-4N@976=Y0V_LGV((2N0@





&XOFCKW!/^I

M3CQIU-4+W7#@/91)SQMZ-?M[HN@[GZMG#
 O5-;_;#%8RJ\FP[9#O:31&)#
MY.@.QB9].%D\?J'L]/Q,'KI!G#B.B[PDI(CX,=VG%4X ]-XJ-35XPS'YZ%C
MK#%9N\\GBLISNGO&N/SBP8:?+3)+^M9D;#;5S7Z2Z&R




K -@)J6\/-Q)B







:N-8



-MT[S\D)9=-$Y/S:I<N04GLG$].?



M'+][\R$OLO=-=L?2: \&D1O1F/42E+A^.)PWR:,O+$[..(MS;2+PP%:+4(-
M6SD2O*IOYYBA5,^6C@B;D^WK[(F2W-N1)W@9Z:;!'8XU%E20-YBWMFCHM

MJNPN;YILPS0VRV^*)*UX 72]-Z1?M$59D5WGS2J 21AY/D8T1G'HA#$S9S !
M):'0)O8B@1M6U';P
X

'^TLH&

?W&8S46$5WH#
]GJ;+;POF/P?\/M;O_-WO+VVV5A'8RW




5RZ8A!%RXVSS!I\^L)A''&

M\

9KA[V/L9
M[K0+[FKDGEF)-^RM92S1FS:RG'0$:%'S?4CYE!7IMLFS&A:;]P53O:QN^CS


S3\\(Q#@SVBP)
[3&P2






R*4I/5WOTB$.:Z9K(EYDYFY.,HG(9TC36B&<YB 9.97F

M/Z^TB%XY.X[&90F+H@TG=&4







MU.V&!2]X8=]J-W:KM*C3=?_X8/9CO=WQQTC99Y5L?G[B%P_;PEVC]_U;A@QY

R+NJE:KFI^9X?U;Y^*_RI^+\AE\5?V



M


@(V0[\&^?1@'=B2S
M-J&O5=.AN@.J.U0;8%]L26

$SR'ZO;
E1$#=I6F
M^Z]T@5V5I75&LN[/]\5A0@7K.FMK8C[TZ0JO\T

/W


MWE 7D0MHR^D=9BY



O

4%


M#(\:%5F(3S5%WMLNK



_Y$7&BWCK%679/D8TLK'C(DJQ;Q
T
M@'48[-FV5
4AON%=56YD6]



QL]Q_IDE?OZQ


V&0[0 \YW

O$\C=@SMN
]2]$^ MKX.25/LIY
0%-Q6E[./6&5B%
M


M%YF83-A[WEIV\OC?_LP9R?E.L)BT1%-?_5?

M'U+/MP




1_'GL)O;K+J\
<U!9YOR^J.%R;!NM[=M=_%M_QS5UX(L1M&.*$
M)ZU(X<

6U
]8^M][-&
Y/6&Y/)JP6


 $-L-8S)8$$5)N*CX*@]_FA[Q[6X**O@\+D#
F'HNL5Y&M ?\
M[
JIS


MN+?2CQ&1OZ/J#=FV_/






MK+NT^D?6M
<)Q%E&\'NP@1MC6G=&PT._)K;R\L^M&\8-_+T^V7)FU:4<5IMP_Y(2^R






M4S$JF1

9!YP75@
V3Y+F#@U.


7;\_1H#L?U5
M4S;I5F$Y\=5/EA*M/0CA
7;)_XFU?K28.&(M\76B%-80M7(T:NUPQ@5#T85
M8;*6(1Z*V,\M#$HR()[QE/QYH=/K(
T3(GX*L@]W_7D298?APG!+B2)[SDD



M=)P92^/H6\;@&6E#J;-#R0T/DEUG[/

FS_@H/6H_L($;







GC@//=WS?@0Y
ANE


M[#C+F7S$O
S
^4$SDLW%C)NQ=CP?.EJ8D1P][]O5]TN^^#ZTYX64A%'B8V+[

M7*MXB&EO*;C/^:C


X9U

M!9 

M[2 W@4$


MTA?3R;






MPG.S'4/.6



M1C%


7TQ
N8E]F/!C$._K%*0ML%$=_;XM?\010%W0)S3*D7(1I*+1#I;-CP'.X8
MJ]6#M5JT;-)Q759W[7%XR64BK<0++B#-Q;GDY.\TW4=(K:\<J]6G?I
B 2/
MYQ)+$^Y8ADR:




KA\!&D23I^&B?JAU7[@
M]



&

*OM32GV2/?W_+BEW6
C?8I.]@DN=.S'1FH@V.;5Z

M+OG4ZH)EB*)FFYZFI 88$[Y'H
VM^+[PEVR]J]K=XJ[E50 3X@4TP= '203C

22*Z=I$_
F)V0&4=4U'$[








MS'+B83\)XPR.NUQ(BK#0!CB%9C4KUHCT:(+G@'@X\2DF8BHIYU.UF=@6D[EG
M1+^BV!Z]XR?SC !JB(@=BJC#L5I[:Q;3S+QNRNIN@W9-4VZHN:;8M
62;5)F

M #Y!M8-[
7T=
#O/Z1]0=Z)[C-L:N96F^HSZZ@^?'6)LP
_:=


$D+_/#3 @(EH\P8QFL3T@HS55NVUV$KM4II#(



M

M)[^1]-OO7^D?GZZ_I3?L3
ARNX H!!'*81)FR$
!(&Z$NENK/)*$879I
FVZ









MR+G6V9/+#')
I2@



V'4K



Z9I
C.80MT\T?
_TF&1I$A $^*'( ]1Z'K)!F[8F\WS K4

MFB((PKT+M+802

V1-7%Y6U+LJ^OBQ]$_


M\6/.?#J]!9A/K&:B;E.&'3UVJ

TG7BN&KY(1GG-_K?*H
MVI18CS;9?N1H'];GTI-A
[[=5J;)_/6RYD0^C&R\E8^4\)7O/:[AAN35Y\WQ
M+=I9T5;MX8;DS-9#&6!XB$0!QBL!P0W)(4CVZ*

%X19,F
 


'#I^/W3V




=G1;C?[5IAJ\6



GYQ;GM


(S2 B5R(



8D]V 0
MTQJ;9.. 1(2;4K;]Y



MJ]S'OM2;JE0OC_EEG-S@G)/X%7UUHA%&F4P#8,\(.(_L^/41B/YE&4QHMM




5IRZ


\P@SQ



MR#=W75(NGF%U
MRAZLX=<0N0@\T_$41\.?JC:J9</$^K@[%(OO6^?%E]+]KKA<KMCS^RB^Z*Y
M*]OQ/?6O9;&N[C9





+DS
MO.JR91[





IB %
_
M2-)L

=8E(^Q?[9'-=X.53B]?WI?
WFJ[O
MRZ=N_;;8/


M36?;*UZI!.%

&EO+HC8-):X#[16WZM5N5FUM I_


:19P/;8G

M[&W9TG
L\ Q%9[J7$F;MZ%MJ7'EYFDX=/]Q[QI;WY6JW+MFS$C5M3MLGMMF9




M3


M]^^EC+;#( PP]@



M(6Y





L11.U_*6%
AZME!P)-\[+CBPO/-+3UTU?
MR[ON3O#-]E/Q4[

\)I$UOVA
@U\K:C2B(H&H

M$0RT:QIJ)*_:9;'^/V71D

MTJ7[AWK'JB+$!

M?7Q)*D /R
Q0X20)%U1!CC![Y$$2_PF=F



'7\PJ&3-4GI.)YJR
\2IE(\


[]&M.LF%&M/RFZ7_[!X#GM@,^I.HB











3[?]IKT6[6I'G8/W?,A7XJG3L7RNCE^5:3M
M.L !&(X2EY#8#RDR#X<HWP\ 






\O.

Z2S!\&P9D1G@@X?_0X34]\2)%Y;K)#;W3LD%W=

D)EQ/

:I%HV\0-89
51%LQVJ
MI\R;6D]C5*9CN'XHJLTB)!C* 08P,#T//BT!OM!A'BNH)=G;69M:Q'J4[-

DVWI=$_6'7]FDF.+?J79+;94K9G4H!K
D

';(RQ8%7.YXF<B%7%+%'.+L*# 

L

S'!7










M$=EV(M+0?YLJ\=



+ ]Z(LS1(OSY
P]C!*$A2%

M1:$+Y$^899KSJ:38J*A\*9NJ7M'O-^PU$USV?^Z! 81PA-
X#1//C?
815$R
M 



R)6F(X8@

M;


=23JK0%SVQ:
M.I&&K
\_)ZA7F&NF!/9]YI5)'D_

M1'Q!
C80$FX5[S-?J29!ZS!(
@<5SPSSG.UL'=3
MTJAN7'^58N9_8A5C??TBTEC_7^4B0YI]-8MXS-]1M;*?72(XC+

IB#.W-3#

9_:EUS(GKCEZO:UW:UXXAA
1/8DA2+T4!;43^@-A+0)BH
MF$HQ@5/S_

MZ6]

(=W#?UO[]QA[<3S0M<C04)@$I$T!@1C
M,'KC):'0)7RV^J Y7[(!VT8NZ*IBK5S1Q$/9V_[#$JQ-DY;-M^K97\WNK[=
M$+




WKQN+93L^:L9F@SY?MM
3;GI2W








@RR
( *M]I:XI&9';GG[K;0=U[& GH5')NQ


M!


Y]Q%\L

M_KU)D3!UT]X+D'F$
X\ '$7(B^(P@F&

MF(CZ/+7*['6*=
#-WF2G
?#VW%EG2W5BK#29&MYW79=

9=:S5B
M(.3S%/[[EFJD5DHVWTDC:-4;?D.C9[I'3G*NO0R;&]EV7(5-]5WMIVJ0(
MF#D._6P]ZKS+\CB
 MS/T^BP

$J?

MMB5A_H#JVI3 =8KXQ1X%^W9[3XF/ML/$YN#W3L2S%@]&BODGC
D
(82!03

&5&

M!5D84'

(TV5L-/%]Q

M@3SV N A%$#7]V
8IN
#72G[!U4%(+=!6^H_?;

*.Q);:U&
M=YS-

6DFU.TKYR]7\[@F'/L&9NV?^Z;\^%2P+7H



4I?


M8K)I()1\XFI7%


#^H
TSH
M(#W5GKWKIR]@^
D
M$2&;E/A8;^Y^H9_QX#TQXHEEFA4D
R7
@SS*R;^?-0Z?UQW\S\
L=-!-OQ&

0


4W@4@B:
MEZ0)NXH=TDP6NDD(O&R AC *D


M
]\#


PCP#^;%X;
O/M^GC




6V;?B].;=ML4R^TB1:$+(AS[)(M)




MG&P.T$[KYBRJ^!99EZ5O

1/4259B/32+%.PMLC@JL:DT6Z5:T[UYHQ)3





P;X^:09%Z0
M)$$8TM(0YX&?'&8(40)%=$O6AF:]NF:_(K



TB
MBW







0W;8S!\F&

M-4=]9%2GCW7;#AVI7%W77XIF6RVKQX(]K/.M7.[ZA]XZ[5J$'L[RB( HBF.4



MVYX_G_




M!K:P#-79(L0@ 21+ A2C-







BNEZU
MFAB'
^--@T&V8[!ITN'7SVJ9Y7KBB8IA;/MJ(_(B#') 4B^$&8BS+$_\&(^G

M&FOSCN^


U #LRPUS.OWF3]0PQ$
]#N&RJ[P6;4?JP:;=-M^!!07W;

^X$^11CY
M42*7B
Q@




 C\/!YQ$I(*O?)@'IWA?'98AWI#Y.H3B6OO;
M^

3YED]+&F/[+A*33O_%




A

L*F:LNV
]EL6/


4




M9995405[1BB#YQSAFTW'+G)V5LW4
6Z+IBGTZ)6RJ6:+5]_RNBFKN\VAV&/&

@SRK#B\X?$;RPY3^9E_

M%J

#(:3(.*;[U1HSHR$
YA.C]
Y '5ZI*)-)UB7EDWRJZ4OI\E5EKJIS,L
MJOE&F9XD_A,9Y\\#ER@YFQ4\6E+9E#GT*L4H9@K_EQ1;6Z;@AUS7&YW33D8





MIMP=


M@A$9
P@
/)=+T/4B
*+U%47-+CGF57K-I)]/ O;P+9@?.JI[P+1/.[\VQ89=


)3@8P03
MN.2K3



MD
8G(9KY$I

\KS:*5*X]4200QL5

VF(4$^VF

! KYE
D


PS
MG+@PP20
O2RGF#FW4642DW:HS40?7FXQ4<(M
H



$^;14=42]N*0[





SK@LJ\5=P<J(

K' 0K-'YQO

M6:W2LF@Z7;^_V4\9UP?TRF;L)P9G\NR]N;@HGLGO@3M'R)_?H6;-O/Y9AN7F
M^-4$S0YAUN\F_]R_2EZYR]WZ=OMGT93I9C7^%9??RW7]V
\/'%[XC1
 W0@%


(C_+2-X#P2X$22RT


U*EAUPY54^3+JRLPU#'$JU7IZGM)];E
MP_31$ E]$ $?1BD!,$@#^E4R&@HP%#H4*O'QFE7I-&X!TU
BF08X]
?S62)

M'+I1/AKR







MW$?SD@T^O1!DSCK%$
7_MF9(

W.HVM8Z2
M)UJ!PFG@6+'&S5U_O<69K,X),OX.E$[4(Q&MDV*+YYJ'3^7VMZ+YQ[9F_RVW
M_UFL=YW5^A:5S9;:Q&53?:??^EY^J=NJ.^[YM5S6=QNV!Z#:_+XIUEU4RM7A
M)W]E!Q _UFU;M@N*+<D3B .
$P2Z(51L(=

MQ=66NNDP#]G=#KVGSM[5;LMY[ZQS\


_OL&'P7R0Q.U:1!B)WJ02ZIU^5+0LT.P;^G;K8

M)RH3JZ(__X43]E!16]@[!3?YC$:[5]6SHNUW2):;MD



ZX0Q^]/<VSJ_/:N@_
MH]^&XVN'OIMVNIZU3XGE!TS%J]U6RR^T%PTG
R
2QH @A%'D8OIGQAY$Z0SE
M7A#&0BO#$A^O6;='1 Z#)'@
1X8L/MW5S).8ACZC:*9CW*\).:-J$]BS0Z&F

61BD83(*8CNL7

&


S

M(
Y#'.

IB[=!_Z*[S


KXHPS%?]+& /G2V:
M







+1 ;@YLZO5
M\\-^HZD+^BW:OM/E?^U8KG[^D1@YWXBCV0P3_(P!TDP/29A)F+A';O33*D


S/GE[
MCB0.P9G$K5TB-
V5-X1) 3^B8O7WIMINR\WGV]OA;/1U_:U@ZSC9KJTV9=O^


[%)*Q;Z](9TZ

M^ S=+_3W'AR&CV:EJET6:^?_E$7CC%B=/T:T@FLK4UGFR_L&1;+]:JXU:(]
MYUD[HTB*Z+9#IU0Y4VMIDO*:-IBLRO9K^5@\=8?/M]^::K-LGHLUA\VG\H?








4!BO-U6$VO1__#_AY^-@G\X8
M3W,G'F?;/W


V?
MBFN'Z$(0*I9C.1!9CFEI#O242J2NVH

MK-*B!1=^9,@2L-U$@7AAA5LC7/N/;*M8GA:9@@W?:05C.60.MB? F6*Q!I

J5
!C

M 7]S_C[O*EDZD?VK27





MVF*]N-B952I ]MZSUK!;*'BY[9(_L^URD:3I=:+ I7 MU=$F!UFC1;&]D=

M2(O1.XIST_*@0BP%NJ[J(MW4*\G$
0?UX%E4Z
R
K.YT0?NKO*@4)QJ
E_@I

3KS)_&EHU_YD?*:O

BM5


M?@@2+I:;=]=X2?7XUV?/_X$W3T



MO2B7'JI4_8;I-1MYL&P?[3SXY8G


;UYVAJ3?TF#
M=:GOWZ]7F^_4=9&FFWK^D:UN_CXILGR]_+@.AED67NK7JW61_C()_Z[NJXI;

M3;K*II/YJ8U]L9(.6OYQ%?[=*/7=E9DL;_P\_Z

MVF\6X?GTU):_7E/'



%








-K:;^


W7



^ /-;F





M;*
OJ]EMMLB6JZTIUFQ/K



GQ6




K\JSII1X
MGI=QOY;Z_JF46^_&8-:\C
IFPCV 94\M2+BFBG




 S@A7#GE7X:^2X&1NK.V)-
W:VH(F^&/HVFY;W
MT!;7#_FJ?DEO/Z?% 1Z^6B:!6D(K)

MU0MI68_

M#QC/Y\O)8O92VNN//__RZGS8I'CB.9





.2]'5)SRL:FB$!E.,'#.RHWR'$+H&4Q

DE!)#8


M4@8XVY\#!81TS


M@8P9R3GVUAC
:-22 <.JE4(A!PAW #D)7R4^D4A&DY7^2]A32=J.Y\PVRIVP@-J@E$1AJ
M!!3T6@8H''&,5(<G'C(=LT\H_F1P.\-N6]KK?_Q]H?UU%RO@@0*[KF@6EM@

M08Z^7!1 C(GPYJ3(,DEH\[)O71.1M#R\:'A7_2LD5=/3#Q/W]ZIJ;0QM_/
M'VCDUWSU;8BG[R+
B!'((.
\X1Y[H!FWCEE+O29AF*&R5HB+'@XCA']H8M\
MFK3H46_U]WY/Z'JA'G%#
'2:


MRP6
2B]%GOLNAB4N*356N6U80R6MTB0D=)8C[G2IM:.UJ7Z/0XE^A$.?09R
MS(#ABOB /;9PIP,1^M=W'OVH-D//%/VHF?;&XS5\-&A2'PU(J#=( 1TL8LN)
M1




.&#U=M&[D?:7M+@.^GB
_/ZH*/OF?+K6
MP'9:A8D

MO^MBLIB5H^#.ZV ;KW;VU/M@DQ ^?#B?5^N#TU
PO12




2XUPQPW^:RNL(I&KK$





MX( BK+1QS&)5!B2IVHXX']&]U)



M;E!+XHVT@AGFJ7):FS(/384#@8+%N H-B#^]&0[=JV  5'QH?ZT
5 UK2HSW


FHE0\&J
V5%B]36#M07YF:D4&; 54(:4-





Z
<B7]9TQ?RF4(<E-@

HV!0V*;$1$C&U99M6(M=G3(=L9;[\A#[3637-DRF*&C
M87:M4'QRRV!K0A&4^*V


6M4<YR19#7GNBPTJC:[K&B,=P8X$%JYT-/+,##\YRF
MPGEA/9+<&:X%$^7%@UW[I:0CB2L6H;<#GM/-L+M,SVF*C%-2*&,,4MAJ8R'?
MXT1YS  RP#/QWFR7M@_%
]I;



0@18D(::X!P GN.-$6TPL'')7T;X%M

$UL6$$AOI?9\9%=]HG6?.-X&<WP/4.\#(<I

M






M6ZN4YE#[



MVS36'N27?8






A0H1!(]C

B-)Q]::YIO'WVZ$[X \7 SVH6MIRSTACMD@@1-5


=VD-\&!=Z(<1<DS!.AR9JYB 'G.UQL&.+?MBY;14#[G N]!KB
M%TCGC&K



M-SG.O;6(









MZV)Z
UFF/X??'T(MJ-M\O6@8.Z-&A8DQ5 -B+#% 2XRX
:J78*X;'@#W$3H
M=+3K%/FS.7]L[)3W#NZZB?+ _X@=8HE6@!D!/'(.F(IA!JRK=M-

($NL7T@SSR_
+X08@IA7@6H(

6;#EL8(*$V+47G2.1G+*T8'
M\A9A/5'OZO9NGEW=?UQ,IK]OW_YF,3WL_'.H2(0L(1:187$E(F-+;]KM


5B$^
MDU^.GLPGBVGZ\29-5VHQ4[/9!IW)W&;+Z3Q?KH..]7WXXRY?3N8_%_GZKN3_
M?#W+%M?E


D9A[
MHP

Y:L7V.;'&)(PJSD)+2I\L H@%@.@]/L2/Y%;T4$F7


-TI9CA1T5
MP$*WPP)[YT=FM'3 D0

M3K3Y8LC89KAVSH7:(6.EQ
);&!K*O4=:(LHKJ8FF43Z] ^+#B;IZ)61L
\RZ

M9664E5*4.3R0\^)A*.7AHW%


MMLHV/L7A
7HXOLZ18@D7E'M) 1+&(L

M;C!@-^;L
BV^'#N7.U(R@44*=X5H5 )AXEQOIHW)7'U4G.^0B4V/KUOCB(






_?U+IWN?C_$KKI5





6A!\9_SL514/Q#U7F-/G$=6?/W;_








MR]@B
2NR ?H/MT^:-E ]TPZV+B
)3M./-VFZVFQ/S+)MR)F'W)A+??\DE_DR

M@? 



LQ+#:3MA\_WW=9L%2<0]-E!JAQT!A#


:.@^UPSQRW2?S)Y1BQEB'MK3
 @$I& J*R?@R05:UIO+;[
D
M5D


]YK9&TE& JFQ+AFN;8YTSG@?0U[R?W
MF_3A 8@G\AP8B%XKD@@!6%8

M+:-\SLE

M:XN/WU.==%@7Y+=!!DO(_=YP)0V5@D#/*LDTOG&
^?QJ=S6[O)+6:CH5)#

]_EK)9WGXOYR(4FF$-81)*8)EX-ENU6.4C1
*H





MGV-%$T0(]%ZJ@!\QF
/*HDMDB
S$4C5NW'6!2'[OGX5#7ZJ*_/L:*)T-HB

\8?C55R:I5)0 
YB*A'KDS13+$TM$*(

MC-


%-$0*HAT@9[5ED0
M8625
;O+0^1
<^(1( K3R24E926LY$%






M(\8#5LWA1'DT
2*?UCL/%4/@^.GS]=%:_3<5Y9 Q[FVEE'#@_V*O'&*[%AS*N8VV<#
MO!DT

PJ]JPXL$752Q1P8#S :X-#(

MM]V[1[LH$8OS)M4DP$BB
+30



MU%;^GXAQ'9533?[)RVZT


0M#MW'V]








5G5'ZV\H3#X2EF%+HB$) FID-1)80&F,
MV_H CXZ&S.A(U0R7T*7'RNJF,[/CV]H32IQSG %?YN$BP#CJW6+I4C'N+L/

U)&]F=&$VQWJ&D'X

M/1+$WAIA:UF5'4M_S$WMZ8


D8C/F1V3VG


)YYQRPH(T !




M^S*9;[;T5F92%/?9XOKOD_GZ8!K8.N7##&TI5$(Y8#AWGDI.626[Y6QD9FRD


M& ;H9=8N12* [(L2[XOT;I+-=D$2PMCX;G63%D]@.



MZ*/^.=33 HDG5D(D)2
448H44JZ:BT58



;QRK=$&A=UV6'8AG
WW&H-Z3

MLI4Q**FU
1G7AFUA=\.MEO$^@SU5SY!*+)$ ^V 
(HV=8A(:6\WVDA@4$P%@



93Y0-H2'$7_JP 4QC2F







M3-58Z=W(;B'':*M.2H=F:/;KF7!Z2@?$L?$ 6TJDD]IPRZVJI+)8Q6SH#- [


M
#V#3UQ-VKQ2(J&
 $*@(UP&O$!Y*]I7\FDQMCCK+7*F'4#/XO&Q;6]=EX_M
U,L=T(VTU7%+Z=5X0+K'CR6:
M8$$02B

 91:G#3DIF1+



-BPKR0%F;%P\/2]YG@4N:%T__869W#K28F
M]
U.%\MC7'RY0$*19Q 0JAPU$$"0([Z23U+,8O:H6Y:#8UXI&^@['\B@.


M

 PXH.
MBN[G4V-?W4&OE]DB72Z#V?

LHI_#[P\R!7-\?3#@

MEN.Q


A.;;K]


BZ=

MH-J
T

$J]<V%521 #@N\[W8\SNV]OBGX/4W'
M[2CB;%1\Z#R;O LEC+MO#@89:E!-@CF2C&!' &;$ E-N551(( 9U+WO;WQ
E

=G)F)
MN\#([6SE'*BL[)_.& T% 99B9HGFU0:752[J
'J !X%];N6TA_HY%BL?TKO=
M









4.PDITB$K/6:&STW6W4$_A0K

!0? /XSIR/*H WKPG4RBW6#=
MWY7;A^1#Q^[5/GDRL=J& =H!+&#AO@1153P3N^[F=TQ]UVM;R@210S='M
M\8)V%7:[#F&^?3B@@ZG4$)=W?+T-5J,SNT8%A 8E29T@+X9W7
F$N 'VIPC
MNU]^&RJ]*4
7?$FWHCQMW7GR_&U;\O^S]V9=;N/(NN@_NA?S\(BQVONX;&_;


4NNE<HI9
M6N%FH.\G!/S'T)_J=^6NH9*\].#NE)#;\M ]<%4^Y+[5.?- \^=-(0^H8L@
W._J<Z<R


MG3+W&RPB G_





6J'_7@S SZ
MZ+Q?04B.#4#2 $:
9H @5NF*2P!JI4]F5\MXL:#^4K;N+=+@VD/61A5\BTA\
M*Y;_O9[




ROZO/8VH)Y/^@?#KOO8@L.?
MT0+IIG'4;L$: J4UJ!EOBL^T9O




M@)D6P7X5


M-D3\B5E7N*UKV_
?.]3C!5W;S^\[5,,_DB+$*TMI[&.VT\3=Z-48:YH9@H
WYD#9E^3_;Z3)KD$WSY\6)5W_U9_34]=S7:T35#6*DGBA$8%,T*#37V2
MG8R8P)PSQ0$2YE(%'^-))IR]V0?/NFG++Y/I_)19\-/# 8FXJ EC&-;:$D28
M)'0GE1)1X)&2Y'+MOESW<R&],CH']LE/9H=7\KYYNN_%U\^%8LCL3W''@\^




 AS#C6;G_K<$C<N![$W0Z/8.-U_*^;%8C*+
M!%;W7Z;S:7+NI/ F]]?78KX\Z12K]8)@&24*44094$X@1)4EE?18BYP[D8=\
MQ))/H4[P[8M=:KDL5J^^?)U









MH$2(:X&HPD0JO9

7BPV
$2$^6T[L:P=
GVP7-



M]%R'/0V1O19K['2V7A7W%\P]+UJ&.+UR%=8PJ 0 .I4/:F25S=XS.'XSQI



*

/-J%KSX02:!
MA$=:LR%-1)91N%.)HXPS*F;/\!UJ%V2Y*+96ZK@_?TTZ68R2R[#5W
S^3I=
M369GV7*R7=#

=4C'R]^%YO:3KP




Y



MT;T-WQ2 E4@Z18$FJ9H
CG:ZK/  9&Q%U7
(\7
D3H= ]S

M4&I&YEZN\ZT





N(
MAS;.Z1P(JSRV9#N*4QT?BG-
O0&&


!R=U^.EHUPJ:@

M^%V!4



!*L[W;:.2Q6
4!/?NQI^.KT^8Q\P)(

E-(/S5M)2G(78
M$0:
)Q9AR5PU7B7+&LHN4#)LGEVCV?EM(

70(
3M5F4(






\VE (*] (C+NYL?(G1]6'-L;9T/9%

M /=71V8;O/)^LJK/I..-@E
RCA:&


G$]!HS





UL'NV9!Z

(ATVM;-A[._B8+!_]K/QS




M RO2-92[O@M(:(Y9.* EOA6=9^#6WXEA*D[\E !3WM4Y_CG1*A!!2+H+ER-J







64D=9G





M0_76\BP=AQQ+9HD7P##L4/5)
0PY$56FJ?





1J-?(



GL0AI?HE[


M0G*
G@'2)5?-=7
DFJ$ZGAP);ZQ G$7P4N$\2!B%8B\WER-+0\Q7_P4Y$LT@


P=DQ(X*PRC75?D4






M?


VM6Q@_\^@5_+7PHLU8:E1D LK!) 
BIXA2G'

H.5CQM=
M@GUU+[EW3HWD-O8!CX+.==;/

'
JQ/?


MMQ)9]T\&V+S\\,!$B2)D!XA;14R2'#$*JDXTR,+%&U!NR^C(G(AO3;^1_;














6_03D!E 


S






GC<!C.8NC9+GM])MR53S5L*LUWNN^(PAEXYJ7I$X

_\\G



MZ^5J%RY7IXSAS\\'I9PB&%











UL7+
FBG)Z1CK0-VGB+!/7:: Z8B
7F_3S9ROT]M=Q5H4GU[DS;8-W@!L.!;86,(2<!:)RC!)



:H%0^P-&4N9GY?;
MV
]5X0HG4 '9/:

ME'#K&6;
&&.]HYY79B:!1F?5G?M5/.7MX_Q$H.N5IWI6Y#8*\RT^^KZ839*D


VBD6
MU6D?L+)0 NN M=0QR#UFMI(=6#:RT/D6./251V@?*VYJ<&4%+R37!D&TUWV

E].


ML=[6?'#S^QOF9R; PSJ3
2G/O5B^FC^+/=T%HSZDHZE]M/R-GLDX@JBP &.@



M7IUMZ;\;#C[6B$NNYY, V^XXXI:9JS1C&%3E4QWLB15;SOPI+(P;
WZW
$








M6=^D/[31ZRJ&L

)


MT^_JC.%&[PG 8\@HX=&BX2S.7BB2K

%HOX@6_%

(P89@#T0EDBC
M% 






 YK9_%+-[7R[^6)XZ

MNW


P@)T[N)






M]ZX'0N\;8)D93HV@_Z:F8[PHDS'7:L M0(^V@920D2YT4A4
GII1C9)J\C
M#M3(=+P

KJ*=
M;.ZR6KZND5Z7^^J X_Z::V
I41I[RM)FK$*
:YDS\PUP+]K3EJ$77?1_\+.-
MP*MUV+-]-'#D%$(*&P$MQD8S8:OM/0)T;$[Y_@AP]!#H(MROD3F\#^&L1:=G


G-ZF







M :36.JXBBA'KJ*=;LQ@I(32KE0)]13SJE)%K]J* M')(.)'V%8S'Z=!52'
M!1B9@[\CMI0]JN#:
\:)?QK

5:]$URZE6



#9FG\_




FK//YP$)Y%DS+.L&A3








QIBXA@1


MZJB+12MO9

.MD^

4+5G


^J_)5@O.770

OA3G+\IH]J:@#4MU$10WV&B.(95F
MYV7A# (]
C)VPI3Z;&Q! WTQ



M


OQ81VU'0SN1J7!&[XJ
M1.B=-
@; SWWAD8H=(4($2C'1SK !;A3/G:
?7]L?'$O1;%JQL#SS8
7D$EO


S06-@L:28.\]QA-%$!LDB7,Y,^L
M#?I^&7T%!?5BB;V:QQ]C/_^ZHLVU[T,C^M$JSBGQ!E%*PB0PU(2**#:KGE0
M$
;KW;?6FZQUYHE3S8)!& JJE7-


MP-$V07NM!
+ :ZB$(H!'%E=R
N1SC-(;&\JU-7YL*&=BVY_/+?5W7^?O=5)I

++
M2&GM

PIK






(
\NX\T83952%2OPOIVBF
M'&(:93?4ZQSXOJ.!GTYE31G[/D\C*!4A/^@
&U^8


MXM-_6WF1)&.KZM8'
0YSL24%]$RX361D-/I28.0EM#O=/G#$#4E^=4]QJKH!



0_MV+-JZC*Y;LR
ME:LIMN\H^JW34B:^:D *4':*AV-042E!=J@74&Z:SZK)C; 9*X.\*=8W:_




3




M@9*YRD+%C
FL.6NX]\U?CVW9*K@:]2)$#8
K0AQ



MT8!#+SRF@$)5.88()1R

0.ZZ%$M8E5[A&U0:0**9R=C'#


];KT2^-C1P
MO2($^UO?]O^:[GY[7]Q%4:)4F\^
L!2! U0H126%4@&1/*B[K3]%IE:GL!N
M9*VC#U6554X5I-;)M_;#PR

V&UB+]:+Z;S

26U3 D G_<
M7SN82=6G%P6/'?&8RM<4HYIF2U6R
9M49KW]N]ZL8#Q?C/C 6?BA6J]DV

A_\@5'T

V(=$R$TTT/Y7



M%?-


AN*.2
MY4S$ ZR=




:
RW31:*+



M D (



44@%-P1[2%RP
M(%F2CVB04W/5N&9U&P5RBYO_T/=\%?6=/?D:I\Z8$B(

0T#-
=6\8$E@[M

U:$.' ?UU!(_

H^T%9(*
M&LQP!0*3
 LBXTO;)T1FWV5)?40%_[U)-4SYN:[*7:G=S;K71GL+7Q5PM

!&(HH00X




=@)Y]D/9S?\2(5[]V<+\DK^*_+LO3:]O)=PN@Z8(^(4


M('1DY3



-I@)4.\*@PD)X
MEP9OU%C.H ^!81VHHV^OQ%3W?\X6&SWKR?(NV$&?'I;3;Y-5^5OX]\_[$HSM



M0C'S:S_T&54/5AR=]9W2DXDH,@Q&?9.9K0).%A/1I9YJ 3IAP[0-8R_EUF
M$3Y/%G?E@33Y3_\]K)%2*VFYE00QBQ6/59;;
7
-'1D79SK29Y6/;.=L.)BC
M?/%$(:PR5AAFPV1AP(:9 U4:MX!L)+6*9^KJI:;/PJQ+7?\^6\SN'^Z/:ONG
M9PI
$7':

M
*)Z[2C?1V_5/#6?9
U9J/;%FUVP8CMS?II


MKW07A''A'-(00B43S(ZBD82-VQ)SZ_R#.V@VC=S8OO1Z615P_QZ\X7.^D)


MB5M@J-.8PY3#TA*

19RQR \=IW





]ME)5^W!5 -5LX
M#WRC 
UJN5A]O-X[=IF/ZK]==05AP\)BK=..PZA@L*ME@U8Y7LL+





M:42TX0:GD#[A4-4J






62&R2M

R2:NGYOU=8)1Q%FA)JN-
:
M*YO:JD(!K
L)00SW\
 PV%K'


G5G3
M]D\5%@7T+!;(ZFYY9::UU


R3HWUPS_:SLWIU@\-8$5!= )*9V!QNVD$PZ

9R;















0DCA6E.T=%5%%AV
M2\INM'!!IB;S]UF^:O6A6DPWEG!#AA[_5K%I!T6%L4YJAR2W1.TWJK]R(Y/
M]\=TVQM52


7=.Y=TT-E=_/)*JU


M N9&JQJY9 9_^G#_
(]+SK$ND.HV6)%?)W^?Y\Z=]QN%1A)0Q@B75AL1^\G1




E[V@Q+GT_S9UAMU]WM;3D-$GU<E)_*Y30\EY*Z
M:K5ZN]O_EE.YNMO)BC]:]#[33QU]PMV7O<8(8V8Y$!8Z3UT:'=I(_ 2 U]K








M2XV


E+O_54Z67_]=



^]2G@8
M*'.:]0TPQM




M:8U^-LE6H+[&
CW&8.S^ 9@3DD IN%4^20@)R&E.

^OF0FZ_*N6L[*
MU8E]KL%7D.H-XS18*9Z*3FF.X!]@CUT^)R9)M?=_CWMK*]'NW)+?'@.P6V
MQ!$=VY4HR(D4PAFRDY%CE-6P:8!K62?:?[F\M81U7WPRD]4WM;B)_W#_\S#[
M


MP-

AVL

M/JQJ



M7[IXY 



2T;[TORIW%*Y3D=)9H2P0
ML54^%]KP9(XHP47.N9
!9LDNQZOS\+XDK_!9O
*I(%AP'@NFD(EG87G62[




C:-@ST9?'K]<
$=$\@9






M C'Z+C=9C#G)QPY4


MWV:H]I9


%$0QJX?%^O-DW2P4=N9O%-1K
M%WL:&VAXC
E((_882I]58S/ 3;IE7IUD;3]:N0IF1[D^WCX/#+Q;3&._TLYX

*; 



)2JM'SPP$?6

M%G=?R^5]V

GPFI
I*1:


M'!.CY=\LC/9*.0 (88)+AS!'/F'
C



YO;


M*DC2(Y25ZKDJPIW-BJH'V(=!NI
G*^N\7@#*


6 UL*..5-=
M0A=7Z2VVW(UG


L/-(^20[HR#G/'%C^^W[IEG%E_5DN;XX_\Y@1R-'

+?QX+EQ='V

$$@:;/3)

]
7@-^K1CZ:ZOZ\69CY9-;B_IN:W@P$D-8#
M*:TB2 C/F$RXF+!?CRM#D$^/P^=.P&\M[/*07N;
[.;D7Z\_;*NIG^=2*@?






D+2'A'7!Y6RB
M R3;96E2=:.4
TWUL$ULVDLLIN5&Y%T




Q9<


-DB%BE';*8
(AQ51J
M:_;3EOJQ](KIF%,=&(C-]-)?3.?5D(]&=UX]700G+FPRE A&P]Q'%CA+DEQ*
MDI%[UMWP+1_G*XCY[*#K)NJS^WC!+)+(:4F1Z:XQHQ2G%!C$N9LW /
G/3#




L)I$^RP
 .#5

VT
M.-U._
 ;89GF@ KO?5B=-3'!@C-[L*04([D&H1T55UU VM^!_V585R?K\D.5


! A8$%
-^KG:U BQ@('
.W R(0'T:.5W@WAO'MD
\



M7#
=46ZLH
M-EHAD& UWIF<_.-PC9R6R/RZ+A]O'O.0'XHUU\F\TWWF)1!W<_,248P_9
P<5*.K.U$/D7:2# V
M@GSH4;AC40*Z& 1:DF)X


Y_)'N7@HCY$K/5)H



)/D1=#FLJ]^D:E1663?(
V#WZSW/BF35





6T1%A[S+QWGEE=E(98/#(
MZB-;X$AK6'9Y?O-SO ?BR&G?_7\O&3$622(MQ9[(JS8-A*
8X:$YM0!#%#_
MF89$#G2=J_O@['_Q1
&=$-Y8*AAF %@$#.)IW%2)D;1.U-7+S5]%F9=ZOKW
MR=^S^X?[H]K^Z9D!X


'[^N4K[]ZN* F


8Y-P?/L0R[O8H







M/E\@SEF\\L)2):G12!





EA&R&CYZ@Z\4!&@5+Q_4GA'(@1 XE<Z[FT:V9&4

OQ



9T_W
P6=[&3V;9787FS;U5XA'MG




N-0YN3D\5C.]74S[XM'[P/
C5(G_N8 &ZF#J

(ZQ,TCCMRLNM09Q?Z?6%]O+SS;7405@[H(63RY,1]XJ8NC<08]




M:0/9'CWY4/0QVSRYVP^6\_*!G5X)]\MXAU94'$#+#26.A.6U+3MP5D3CJ&







MMGF _.C+A? !.BRM$
)@IHD1+H7@I&$^QVED7;%C %'R-D'ME4J?@L&X#*;C

GI3L%

MW
I!P









.Y+!7U9J%MC91\_?1\U
M'_7[]IW/-=XJ@+0*LD@#(85UHQB:O=R\JQS64.D6I_


$9]MCO[M 5RG




R?F





MH#G%'


RHEFG'Z



M
0!\
MD)ZF2(MC3N04M8GA

:_F-R5L


M.468 ^)1GS9
A_#W1;Q=!.(8N=(CA2; 







MS8:#&=EV


Z$

M_K\CY.Q_$(6BS#M J;!
&&
U5

M'3;-+[.PQ]_.II









2^ @=CX-5.NLB3_ Q&S[

MDZU2H#54\U8 S'?+#ZZS!+Q\NO#60:.T1!H2+*F$F.V'RA$:V2G=+M: 3$CS





M%^\2UUP0X'G'*=-RB*25[$1LZ!UF!MQ_(C-=: UT\7$!.KJ$5AR7(&*F#!
M[G*&
%1C9
Y-;?7/EE8WJ9%
'[&FTP#KQ1J(45AIPZ6@G#NPZ^L0Y&/6
M]W.P=03YI'


K$)/:

98 I

MQ



MBZH]?;T











FZY/-C
O
8_':



\





M;&W'\VO8%\UA*5$
52EDTD@F+

5HQHE

M.1L;93KI'2*1MK8\CR72GL?*YM[$XVSONV^SJW5Y8XOE_&'3AFSUQV)VEVZW
M_D]QG7(/R_O%^L.RN)O?W\T6UYO1J]7];'%5F'*U7KTK7D-*-Q\*'DH/.:;

M%RJ*4DOE*9^]Y

DDYU3K8!4DA!%TS6.C$M.A






 5X8L^6-SIR:UI;LJ.!
S$

[JBF5-?#?X3[$1W!J#7^]HVJ
M'?[KFY[ B,1( H5$C Y4IO^5M%C&





1IMXR






M1.HS914F7L2 %TA:4488SVD7=R%;O^T8P4S&]AX5[JUSK5V$'T\'JP#?]*BV
8D.T=QCN.42PR@E#QU@8W7=XT;S



M]0]$OP*&(YRI]X* ')&IGQ-
]8\Q@L$&Z8H#6$RN!K0GN)0]R*(O7][=?;LM





0SSDJ;^8QA**=%]#)0-@T
0NCY!VY:^=S2T:O52[+77XOEIZ^S'5M6

&)%E8(YK3B'$@CT4X&!&'4:X^R;YL2QM_7L^5Z
MG


@] SK*X;/7[3C)S^58

9YA(@QP2


71^N;?M\[:KVLM3AQE8DHYE YYAP7P&A*R


Q1BB65_-([C$]./ME(486


M.$H
X)0 48E0$0SZJ8#\V=5A
&TXXH0#B3%
A*?42$:RKB%%18'
N


B(LE!7_I<PZ/9O^B<#@VC@("Y%1]M$ ^DA#5G$* U0AG+%)'(
M:BL



11@ W&%




\.I( 0[(3C1
MF
**T];JG!V%
:Y$$]:A/


68PRKIQ8%@FDK\9(@NOLP7B55Z=INNK3T_Q7&8:08NHREV2$ E
M-8*$HQA(5))


MBF/LIU52


$V+$S*;H32%_ ^%
.&D8] Y:

MB)%=^:X11  U
7F?*[&R';YU*O/9WZ=E_OB98*WD H(X2T@CU+%UH
*[8%CF

58


MC\55^65Q0BTZ^V80
9I6Q& F /
0 6JKN\9B:$^SXHX1^20C4(^QB/#BU61[


M


M2G4@S8O?#7B4*7?L/*67[X=HM+1DE$

$/WS@*G69HTPIMDIAC[9XBS


MQ1EJ*H%++SE'6'  O?:1.:3:Y%=*D)SS&?E+9RY'LGVKS]-E\_&Q\=OY[//\


MO9K]G?O*P)B($U28 8TV77:4V!
-(OTYP/QU%C^ B 9L ;%)9?O5XN%YM3UE




-8*@
J





\
MV-S(GFBSGL[#3#EK1LGY4-0_;?KM[.%D4*\&:+&%I=_??11J 'G@[&Q+E%




JR??ETI;WG]<W][<O+;6Y7R;^'EL]SWE/B&:=



MOR


3#5-.WF[I$F.8E*8Y3WN1([

MOBN.[7


M2UU=W=_=;VK_U5U*

MXPI7DS0QMIA&[-RFM







M+_\H%L5R=AN77G5]-U^DO;PHP(?_9WZ=Y^#KF8O#$@[QF.\P!@ C@B.];8$
M)W'' YR33#WNP$Z0%XO?._O.'GU-9*0_I?.-A^B/BW6YYBX.N

.Z

M5&M\


MD 1RQA!+.:L62R8TK39CG#(V9Z
+_AS;[ITQNR_(^7)9S+\LMKV:XG27L\4J
M






 BBZBW'$



S+F5]?N=*@KQU!I)





JB5-9%\

M(O^E244C(Y6UBE*M*47&@1WA'#B;DVL\PHV 5I#5.]?'8
L80%FV;#\^(H(
M50Y(B*'2U'%!244[43+G,'2$FPJ]V;*F#.ZM6U*4UL8U2-LJZ^][C3CE^1\=
M%ZQ#0FMM%'?.&I1_+VBE2J?XWV-T'P-X^FW*8&^T/9LJB?355]]/F!@N08$


'7


M(X(I@[QBP'AJE;%V3[[46575$PH5FB-PGU%KS6ZA![+(JM]8( K5? .TJ\
M]]9P!!RJ-@8DCFK;RXHMMQA=%%_2?96?)@C53J72T'!^+.)G[Z_6]Y&\+Y'J


M[F$C;&TRG&EK50S]A=/KU! [



MB$U2^K'%^MBXH#!7SCLLA%?00..0


+#\5R7E[_R+$XMC_=^*4A1OJ*0TX0BU$9T3XR'E5< HYF

M[0'@)+*R^-S;T62Z




L^&-P0

KQ
 1(%^C).)J5=R6F]:QI^LECHX+E$(=
M,8]4A+CFG!*-7$6O\7!B9WMM/Y%.X'VV-M;'Z;KAV*YGJ\B'T[CY^7#P3&
M.


S@IY;I^X$
Q;;

$%     @ *'I63DL%D/J9

C Q.#$R



MW=YF)H!EV=+J_]M%2+)=?]1^VQI]O.R KP



MIR]S5U+H_!4)&%_41BR@$5S0.0QD0




M'UO A7&9G?B]W9P[+948MY?&D*:H*Q
/(]]F6 A!_Y
M/9)KO-Z(K3:T]C9#ZQTM]VUG^H&(K&-P.FWQ_;B@K;^TK3\5YGN#?_EX7P[?


A?$K


M6/Q.6$7AW)S8DP&BOXO^&1-$N!31SY#NB/[^T1\I$H?\5\&XFQ$H$/H4+![.


S8


S












@Y


XSS3S:Z+

M9Y.KLWEL=

MMS2&I283XX41

1$R1NE$



B].WR8$WBU1SPUHW\#X(.$
A(C2Q-*

M

=MP247W]@U*304

V8)*F- 5G/
%









1'4ZA&)H


M%E3#9(^F=


MI$CR1T8D&%,HV63N=


M]T/)*9FQS$A8C'^]O5^Q2


8LP]MI%0%=_


C Q.#$R





MLD;C5K*OBJD65ZEEK69XPKXK?2W&?9AA95P.KA)Q4C87N;N%A0K=8;J7C*



5M4BAP:

;7(JKO.-LO162D-@Y$9''N&F=



4C4#*2L'WM6;-M4W!HUF[TF#YK=W'&+9J
MC-7X/YY--A&Q33OM-LY#Y+ Q/:R^!$YT07Q




M0F.J@&(Y#D=-8M!LDJ('9*:DC[OQ$]!034(&9
)(3 (HK9@(FZ*!IH#(*4CS
M%JB:BM%

MB)?F\4



:QF5@+K H

M.8H]VLVO



]J0PJ2ET@W8Q+,*-(Z=@IX(JA*\@Q;Y3(.GP

M?DK!N0QN$?NSQ&0*I][;

+]4!+/^%N_

K)=.M=AS+)JNTN4W@7 =.F676H![(NE(88I(SV.!
M^KE)]I!I&+@,!4;\2\7;S#W GZ5 ]9TK*//('0:^?3EW^'\\=SB36 [@A )Y
M0*=0=)X54#45LG7;?T_ 7Y-V90O#UP^Y0H;]SO.[$QY*RY4I;H_ UP3#WB

MAEE9HM'9UA&1X$($8MK](EB!O^Z3&I&/E1P#938YOZI^V-155(&LD&H*^'22
M*A]'^ *UD I/DO;M/PC2;?9ONTLH)]MNL1_PRYOPJ-E]_-69N5?4\BO.22]H

ME)2\




MOQ#^MVC@/E_U KHD?_JZYV[OG_X'4$L#!!0    ( AZ5DXX/CH7,@@  /DM
M   :    :'-Y7S(P,3@Q,C,Q97AH:6)I=#,Q,BYH=&WM6FUO&KD6_MS^B_5
MKE()& :2- $:B1*B1;?;5EFNJOO1S'@8*Y[QK.V!L+_^GF
/
+PD@=[HIMR;


3==S11C
*T;KCF4X)]K
M!?M8B61J:A%-N)BW1SQAFGQA


_'


J+8E+

B4W

!YH3'E*0&HD#PU*F<P%/ABZY8!4I0D



M[E*




MG!X!$T9KL/GMW473_]#1!=:+6!/-JHPB#L43_=YB:DBH8A:]@$:.H 4$:81
M(%S'V +%$O JZ%FP''(=*ES:(?^1DGA8)PI&; 0JC4Y =2&#&C@H#FX#V*:


HKV+X

MJ1DH9
18:.,XF;E@J(_A&E9)5;!&;1PH5XY0H5?8X:X+*@/0M_?A=U;!0;

(I JM C89FK 4XD8!K(
G
M+$



M'D1ED0)C6P5$
NLB -/VC6 !_JH+:G@ZE6+*
+))Z:1XL:D*K\*23




M:'-Y7S(P
3@Q
C
Q97AH:6)I=#
R


(\HR)

MA&]2G;
+
I?03'/:'5PF;
QTQRF*.)A3CM89RV@&F9YQ^KX22Z%K
9DP/FN-

S
MT;*\VBF)(B1?XS1&D=WTLA!A(D(#M6JVY@:\CJFYC1@355,7^]AB],QECR

KWE[;KMIKL+
^G*1$S.-Z?!Z:\_WW799

M9;O







M13


MM0X^O_4%S7\8'SN9 Y^&_0^#HP'\4X?]K_V/MQC@22/ =4^7\;WQ
 98*Z=O

M0O$48C;=/#R'SEAU^PFC
1Y\4JV06%X^+G@G5?OO/SVP.]=J[55-APW7!]



M4N
H$
T3C$B.96&FGT8:52#AN9!33J
S6YQWF+*
 HED:J3LM;B!1'2N:'%C

J[

#$X
3(S
65X:&EB:70S
F)Y+6QA

Y&J*%O48EE6)E6R+(]UG[=K*\G-QR;0%!&#
M  . DC6__IVM%X  )=FD%AI5

RG$2?/SU



G43N?#



_
!N=CXD\LX*D?P:]C\
M(
M!]=P
LR11DT*_

=Q]&07P$X P_=?:-CHARPC_D=MO!6!^Q=[.

/#8V!G!&ZVBOZ8J!QPJ6O%O 6_L'P0GJBB#XU$&EX%O/KK0Z;1=(5_
M.]_ GD;ZJA=\U&E:747*HU5T-_?VMFIN86KE_UX[O%HK(&(HTE4?!)%R59
MCH.KN:;8 E[[
E-Y1&95G&NP4_


G?#K:63CM[*TP[;S/ '9R
MW7F^@N EIH'KHB.C'XZ

GC5





6+A

+5;0 WNF\S$2




;=GR<C<=Q60*#_0%B'AWK?0 ZRPJK+)]+

[5OEYG#)X:EIFY@-F


M)1V]=/32A4)OL


M=7'1;[!XP-:)V-[)@T]ZHCMOP;W3S@]9 /2C[OO!7/P]^?B=D_]DK/-SG8;4



M

9F6*Y1P^EB9[@])G#_JOA_
Q=_/%(?_ Y9D

@N_C  !
?I7
MC%22! 
=C'02D5L YZ?I1+8*/X]

9C39VO)XD*X6\=
MD__V$OX5IYC0C?^534M:D!IEDY-!)^I2Y?![501C=86OCG0!]T:=M =70:Z+



.NUNR



M6:F+ +Z


MW+UYUZH(%QA%1!N8N4M1

LV+J4HMG _Z










MQ;E!D?FV]4A=

AOFAODT0;H&[C5-%-
J&=EY%NIHFFOZ

V$<.+(%A7&RPB\+E
ME^96\$_K'C!;M8)0) SR\T$2%R/3@$N!QG@.C%4AD


U9856D=@%\5;&

PU?K;



3MYPRG:




2V


MJB7 


ME$3I513E4FA%V_#6!(LIEI^+$QI^[SR- &

7


M;+31

MAX24^;^]L[??WM=[?

4E'BG




(\4.5/J%W!]ECH&'D'!,,B D5<REU0!#^&L*
MER)1.<Z:,.EW*B0&,7_7%?]3#;$/.1-HK)6XOAE?]IL0'2E5(Q3_I$[6C
MZ0N 
!*A&693M.D\
D^=Y[
)5$]GJ/W:N[H@^!V9@W
+^7#$A;^(-;%!-*+C
MN



ME)8WS2FJQ(HE &?!J8J)GO&G#G1YB184Q=

M6K1LZXI;QY?N-)?Z;0;ZS*)]?8#IE**

#F

M[(9T.M?HEV*BBGUJF2XP)^0G-F2-^;L4=#





MM24_/2]%IPD*X.)C3NH!NZ.(OP)_7W^V15E:136AT60O5O


M&ZSD5BRBX1;C$N].IIQ69E\9TIR4ECF4G9:H;

M;;LH.)O:)(HK=^]


M09:]%^;WFF[S;'K%O]+1#_#6*B0?6HN)Z-[


YV%T


)AO=VH7#L)U



M72OE?#&W!+/F*0(X
EX$J,&<K)P1Y3/E($9(F[,63HV,.&U;3)9OJHC=_IZ*6.6?S*K8HEI
M55:_LZ+82B7LW
)6#[J'4=J:UDR5FEW







M?R[^DC#V.^ZB%!:%CH6?_RU+/9
FVQ!!TU*!P550M23:+@'COG
RWVH5!:?P
VSOV\-Y8L@D1/N3$<Q\$&/-VIXH4NBA
WW%F$77(;HGUO940D3\&)2PY

B\1S)_7?
ZS


M1$X
0B^5*2; -28C
118Z0#Z0J17:?

D03
M4/$X2X=P@2B'S@R;7@15O9

M/--E9GIJAD&W@CTAE'MM43DCF):*&9)=:+_*\/X3;?V8Y:1V'E*KZ#3HYF










M+@NU'#KWK).U%RS9!I: M5\--9L'X95


M_8

BRZ)4B]2
T:7R I?NV#$ED#E;R/7CV!


M7\OIVEEGXN+3S!+S68


^W+4H0;1L
M

MCOQ2(36+M+9RJ*I-MZ


M
U[;8@KZL5@H7 AGXR$8_[BI%EHO QI.

MZD




XW'HO<MIQ5P!B<PP N.+&M%R.GV/E0S=C


MG$*].L)I469C--X1?Z?L!W21#!WJ'RG98=^(LB1&DE

M J?J F_F8$Y$D?\B\Y/17:QGCO'P(


M?GC?
MFIRR
I&SF



X?K*]]M
NL;7 (B1NI2_8;
M6@34*

44E&8^V&0VZ.CU
[OJ(MI+&CD#UM50(RI/JJ


0_8;L :3RBX+K*K 9EB[+A/V

M/Z/

R^7K/AYP_I\+08*\8:0/-@HN1QI N3(K@!3\1E
MK,J& Y!I4IS0,F<%IY*(C_ _\R,%U<21TPBCSOX(C[%IFIW2==<O1LG$4
M



$]5LYH?7




MWVB*\DQT6)WGF@1RS\ZQK33&I-%2!3;KPR9BL'IUGK7/.O#(++
)7=6BJDI]





M*+KH&=B6Q!\:

!STL'9.S8OS+H6;O+9EC]-MS+=MQGE._9S%^EK1QB4'0LY
M?=(3O9AH-)8=Y+0:5T9&'M;7.WC4RZ\;;1U@3H!4Z*90PZ$.N9 S!R)NI9R
M3JB/,-H*2W!.8Q/+D^H31G\S$QKSD)T+S!$
I
^R^OMV AQFW?V()*+7(WU


M[IFHG9369#GJ&5[$P8ND73=7838#A=S^%_/RKVY6[:.481S GZA4'L *G





U-)[3&
MNEECIDG%$ 5J$#-)$T
-E836D'+41BHWIQB;

9R3SGVK.XB3!G(PQH!=[7SN$NM. W@EY




1


M_P)TU?V_'ET#XSEY2)Q#AHP4M ]
N[8H Z



M A0#%     @ *'I63B=XA7O[(@  O7P! !               ( !'JX$ &AS

#$X
3(S

M            @ %'T00 :'-Y+3(P
3@Q
C
Q7V-A;YX;6Q02P$% 
4


M        @ $\\04 :'-Y+3(P
3@Q
C
Q7VQA8BYX;6Q02P$% ,4      H
P< :'-Y+3(P
3@Q
C
Q

4

3@Q
M
C
Q97AH:6)I=#(S

M&@              @ %;LP@ :'-Y7S(P
3@Q
C
Q97AH:6)I=#(S
BYH=&U0

   &@              @ &PN @
M:'-Y7S(P
3@Q
C
Q97AH:6)I=#
Q


3@Q
C
Q97AH:6)I
M=#
Q

M    @ &(R0@ :'-Y7S(P
3@Q
C
Q97AH:6)I=#
R

end



