

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001644406-17-000024
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		107
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20170314
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20170314
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Hostess Brands
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001644406
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BAKERY PRODUCTS [2050]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37540
		FILM NUMBER:		17688445
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 EAST ARMOUR BOULEVARD
		CITY:			KANSAS CITY
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			64111
		BUSINESS PHONE:		816-701-4600
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 EAST ARMOUR BOULEVARD
		CITY:			KANSAS CITY
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			64111
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Gores Holdings
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150608












		


Washington
For the fiscal year ended December&#160;31
HOSTESS BRANDS
(f/k/a GORES HOLDINGS
Kansas City
Registrant&#8217;s telephone number
Class A Common Stock
56
500
000 Warrants
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well&#8209;known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)&#160;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12&#160;months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website
 if any
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item&#160;405 of Regulation&#160;S&#8209;K (&#167;229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non&#8209;accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer
The aggregate market value of the voting and non&#8209;voting common equity held by non&#8209;affiliates of the registrant on June 30
 2016
 computed by reference to the closing price reported on the NASDAQ Capital Market on such date was $365
250
000 (37
500
Shares of Class&#160;A common stock outstanding&#8212;98
250
917 shares at March&#160;8
Shares of Class B common stock outstanding - 31
704
988 shares at March 8
Certain portions of the registrant&#8217;s definitive proxy statement
 in connection with its 2017 annual meeting of stockholders
 to be filed within 120&#160;days of December&#160;31
 2016
HOSTESS BRANDS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
Directors
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
Exhibits
This Annual Report on Form 10-K (&#8220;Annual Report&#8221;) contains statements reflecting our views about our future performance that constitute &#8220;forward-looking statements&#8221; within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &#8220;Securities Act&#8221;) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;)
 that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements contained in this Annual Report other than statements of historical fact
 including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position
 our business strategy and plans
 and our objectives for future operations
 are forward-looking statements. Statements that constitute forward-looking statements are generally identified through the inclusion of words such as &#8220;believes
&#8221; &#8220;expects
&#8221; &#8220;intends
&#8221; &#8220;estimates
&#8221; &#8220;projects
&#8221; &#8220;anticipates
&#8221; &#8220;will
&#8221; &#8220;plan
&#8221; &#8220;may
&#8221; &#8220;should
&#8221; or similar language. Statements addressing our future operating performance and statements addressing events and developments that we expect or anticipate will occur are also considered as forward-looking statements. All forward&#8209;looking statements included herein are made only as of the date hereof. It is routine for our internal projections and expectations to change throughout the year
 and any forward-looking statements based upon these projections or expectations may change prior to the end of the next quarter or year. Readers of this Annual Report are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. As a result of a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties
 our actual results or performance may be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties are identified and discussed in Item 1A-Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these risk factors.  We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement
 whether as a result of new information
 future events
Hostess Brands
 Inc. (f/k/a Gores Holdings
 Inc.) was originally incorporated in Delaware on June 1
 2015 as a special purpose acquisition company (SPAC)
 formed for the purpose of effecting a merger
 capital stock exchange
 asset acquisition
 stock purchase
 reorganization
 or other similar business combination with one or more target businesses. On August 19
 2015
 Gores Holdings
 Inc. consummated its initial public offering  (the &#8220;IPO&#8221;)
On November 4
 2016 (the &#8220;Closing Date&#8221;)
 in a transaction referred to as the &#8220;Business Combination
&#8221; Gores Holdings
 Inc. acquired a controlling interest in Hostess Holdings
 L.P. (&#8220;Hostess Holdings&#8221;)
 an entity owned  indirectly by  C. Dean Metropoulos and certain equity funds managed by affiliates of Apollo Global Management
 LLC (the &#8220;Apollo Funds&#8221;).  Hostess Holdings had acquired the Hostess brand and certain strategic assets out of the bankruptcy liquidation proceedings of its prior owner (&#8220;Old Hostess&#8221;)
 free and clear of all past liabilities
 in April 2013
In connection with the closing of the Business Combination
 Gores Holdings
 Inc. changed its name to &#8220;Hostess Brands
&#160;Inc.&#8221;  and its trading symbols on NASDAQ from &#8220;GRSH
&#8221; and &#8220;GRSHW
Following the Business Combination
 Mr. Metropoulos and the Apollo Funds continue as stockholders and Mr. Metropoulos became Executive Chairman of Hostess Brands
&#32;As a result of the Business Combination
 for accounting purposes
 Hostess Brands
 Inc. is the acquirer and Hostess Holdings is the acquired party and accounting predecessor. Our financial statement presentation includes the financial statements of Hostess Holdings and its subsidiaries as &#8220;Predecessor&#8221; for periods prior to the completion of the Business Combination and of Hostess Brands
 Inc.
 including the consolidation of Hostess Holdings and its subsidiaries
 for periods from and after the Closing Date.  For convenience
 we have also included under &#8220;Item 7- Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8221; supplemental pro forma combined information for 2016 that gives effect to the Business Combination as if such transaction had been consummated on January 1
Unless the context otherwise requires
 &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; &#8220;our&#8221; and the &#8220;Company&#8221; refer
 for periods prior to the completion of the Business Combination
 to Hostess Holdings and its subsidiaries and
 for periods upon or after the completion of the Business Combination
 to Hostess Brands
 Inc. and its subsidiaries
 including Hostess Holdings and its subsidiaries. Our &#8220;Sponsor&#8221; refers to Gores Sponsor
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company and the principal stockholder of Gores Holdings
 Inc. prior to the Business Combination
 and the &#8220;The Gores Group&#8221; refers to The Gores Group LLC
 an affiliate of our Sponsor. &#8220;Metropoulos Entities&#8221; refer to Mr. Metropoulos and entities controlled by him that continue to hold an equity stake in us. &#8220;Legacy Hostess Equityholders&#8221; refer to the Apollo Funds and the Metropoulos Entities
Hostess&#174; has been an iconic American brand for generations. We offer a variety of new and classic treats under the Hostess&#174; brand including Twinkies&#174;
 Cupcakes
 Ding Dongs&#174;
 Ho Hos&#174;
 Donettes&#174;
 and Zingers&#174; among others. In April 2013
 we acquired the Hostess&#174; and Dolly Madison&#174; brands out of the bankruptcy liquidation proceedings of its prior owners
 free and clear of all prior liabilities
 contracts
 deferred taxes and other &#8220;legacy&#8221; issues. After a brief hiatus in production
 we began providing Hostess products to retailer partners and consumers nationwide in July 2013. By combining Hostess&#8217; strong reputation with innovative technology and a Direct-To-Warehouse (&#8220;DTW&#8221;) business model
 we rapidly recaptured market share. In nearly four years
 we have invested approximately $160 million to upgrade our manufacturing footprint
 implement new IT systems and enhance production efficiency through the installation of automated baking and packaging lines. These investments
 combined with our DTW distribution model
 have reestablished Hostess&#8217; leading
Our DTW distribution model uses centralized distribution centers and common carriers to fill orders
 with products generally delivered to our customers&#8217; warehouses. This model has eliminated the need for Direct-Store-Delivery (&#8220;DSD&#8221;) routes and drivers which has allowed us to expand our core distribution while gaining access to new channels (e.g.
 further penetration into convenience
 drug store
 dollar
 foodservice
As a highly fragmented category in both the United States and internationally
 SBG represents a significant opportunity for further consolidation. Our business model and efficient DTW route-to-market strategy
 along with highly sophisticated and modern systems
 provide an ideal platform for adding other branded snacks to our portfolio. We maintain a highly-disciplined outlook on acquisitions
 focusing on opportunities with large addressable markets. In addition
 we believe our expertise in managing brands (led by our Executive Chairman
 Dean Metropoulos) and experience in operating packaged food businesses (under the leadership of our President and Chief Executive Officer
We have been actively investing in new product development and pursuing acquisitions to further leverage our strong brand and to expand into new categories and markets to drive incremental growth. In April 2015
 we launched Hostess&#174; branded bread and buns to capitalize on the strength of our brand and to expand our product assortment in the small format channels
In May 2016
 we purchased 100% of the stock of Superior Cake Products
 Inc. (&#8220;Superior&#8221;)
 to expand into the in-store bakery (&#8220;ISB&#8221;) section of grocery and club retailers. Retailers are increasingly utilizing in-store bakery goods to provide a differentiated shopping experience and to showcase product offerings. Superior manufactures eclairs
 madeleines
 brownies
 and iced cookies
Historically
 we utilized Nielsen&#8217;s Total Universe data via the Nitro platform to gather U.S. retail sales and to measure our market share. In December 2016
 we upgraded from Nielsen&#8217;s Nitro platform to Answers on Demand (&#8220;AOD&#8221;). Under AOD
 certain products that were previously categorized as SBG in the Nitro platform database are now reported in the In-Store Bakery (&#8220;ISB&#8221;) category under the AOD platform. This change has resulted in lower total U.S. SBG category retail sales which were previously reported at $6.8 billion and is now reported at $6.5 billion. In addition
As a result of these changes
 our respective market share percentages previously reported have all been retroactively restated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to reflect measurements from the AOD platform. In certain instances
 our share of the market may appear to be higher than previously reported due to the change in the baseline (for example
These restatements are indicated by an asterisk (*) throughout this section
 Item 1
 Business
Nearly all U.S. consumers eat snacks at least once per day. According to Information Resources
 Inc. (&#8220;IRI&#8221;)
 the average number of snacks consumed per person per day in the United States increased over 40%
 from 1.9 to 2.7 between 2010 and 2015. The U.S. SBG category is one of the largest categories within the broader $110 billion U.S. snacking universe
&#32;U.S. total universe for the 52 weeks ended December 31
 2016. The SBG category includes breakfast items (
 donuts
 breakfast danishes
 and muffins) and all-day snacking items (
 snack cakes
 pies
 bars
 brownies
 blondies
 and cookies).&#160;According to The Nielsen Company
 the Sweet Snacks category (Candy
 Cookies
 SBG) accounted for 50.4% of the Total Snacks category dollars
 and is growing at 1.3% compared to Total Food &amp; Beverage sales growth of 0.1% in 2016 vs the prior year. Hostess&#8217; product offerings within the SBG category are characterized by highly impulse-driven purchase decisions
 low price elasticity
 and continued appeal across economic cycles. Hostess&#8217; products benefit from increased snacking frequency driven by today&#8217;s busy lifestyles. According to IRI&#8217;s snacking survey
 over 90% of consumers state that taste is important when looking for snacks
 and Hostess is one of the leading providers of delectable and satisfying snack cakes in America. According to IRI&#8217;s 2016 &#8220;State of the Snack Food Industry&#8221; report
 retail dollar sales of indulgent snacks in the U.S. grew 3.4% year over year
 in-line with growth of the broader core snacks category and faster than the total retail food &amp; beverage industry (2.9%). In fact
 according to IRI
 Hostess&#8217; products participate in some of the fastest growing industry segments
Hostess&#174; is the second leading brand by market share within SBG. For the 52-week period ended December 31
 2016 our market share was 16.7% per Nielsen&#8217;s* U.S. SBG category data. We have a #1 leading market position within the two largest SBG Segments; Donut Segment and Snack Cake Segment
 and have a #2 leading market position in total Sweet Baked Goods
&#32;U.S. total universe for the 52 weeks ended December 31
&#32;during our hiatus
point swing-during the 52 weeks ended December 31
&#32;of the category&#8217;s growth from the 52 weeks ending July 31
 2013 to the 52 weeks ending December 31
of the category&#8217;s growth in the latest 52 weeks ending December 31
Source: Nielsen U.S. total universe
&#32;Source: Nielsen U.S. total universe
 52 weeks ended 07/06/2013 vs 52 weeks ended 12/31/16
&#32;for overall packaged food)
 consumers have shown a strong preference for trusted brands within the SBG category. The leading positions are solidified through extensive product portfolios
 strong brand awareness
 established distribution capabilities and long-standing relationships with critical high-volume retailers. Furthermore
 high levels of capital investment are required to establish manufacturing and distribution capabilities of meaningful scale
&#32;SBG category is the breakfast sub-category
)
&#32;U.S. total universe for the 52 weeks ended December 31
 2016. Convenience and brand preference continue to influence snack selection
 as over half of U.S. consumers rate portability as a key attribute in breakfast items as according to Mintel. These consumption trends play to our strengths as our products conveniently come packaged in both single-serve and multipack varieties. In addition
 we have launched a line of Hostess whole grain mini muffins
 jumbo muffins
 danishes
 and glazed donuts
&#32;Source: Nielsen U.S. total universe
We believe that we have maintained our brand power and category awareness for nearly a century by satisfying consumers&#8217; need for fun
 light-hearted treats. We believe our portfolio of highly recognized products is synonymous with American snacking
 and there is perhaps no better indicator of this than our 90%+ brand awareness
 according to a Harman Atchison study in 2014. We believe that we have established our leadership position in the SBG segment through the strength and quality of our products
 developing and promoting a brand that unites our loyal consumer base and by pricing our products at a reasonable premium to other snacking alternatives.
 Donettes
 Cupcakes
 Sno Balls
 Ding Dongs
 Zingers
. Each brand has established its own identity and fan base
 with brands appearing in movies
 TV shows and other pop culture venues. We believe the Hostess brand is perceived as fun
 dynamic
 innovative and part of American popular culture. Our most famous brand
 Twinkies
 continues to gain visibility as a cultural icon including through successful campaigns around movie releases including 
&#32;and the 2016 summer movie release
92
We believe consumers and retailers alike recognize Hostess
 and our breadth of products
 as a leading brand and umbrella for the whole category. Our broad product portfolio offers the unique opportunity to expand shelf space
 particularly in newly obtained and newly accessible channels. While Old Hostess was limited by its DSD model
 we have been able to leverage the DTW model to expand our core distribution while gaining access to other whitespace channels (
 certain convenience
 drug
 dollar
 foodservice
 and cash &amp; carry). As a result
 we have both renewed and added relationships with trusted retailers around the country
 once again stocking shelves with our products. We believe that our DTW model
 along with the strength of our premium positioning
When we relaunched Hostess
 we set out to challenge the status quo business model of our competitors.&#160;We established our innovative DTW distribution model and heavily invested in machinery and equipment at our bakeries
 which has resulted in energy
 labor and time savings
 along with the ability to achieve efficiently made quality products. These investments paved the way for new product innovation.&#160;Unlike Old Hostess
 whose DSD model required new products to be manufactured on various lines in multiple facilities in order to facilitate distribution across the country
We are devoted to maintaining our iconic brands while contemporizing in order to stay relevant with consumers into the future. We believe that to support our premium position
 we must continually evolve with changing consumer preferences and trends. As such
 we have created an infrastructure that allows us to remain flexible. Our new pre-built
 retail-ready corrugated displays allow retailers to take full or partial pallets of product through our warehouses and have them ready for display. We continue to develop new flavors and platforms
 and have a robust innovation pipeline that expands the Hostess brand across categories. Recent product launches include whole grain mini muffins
 Suzy Qs&#174;  snack cakes (a product re-launch)
 and Hostess Sweet Shop&#8482; brownies. In August 2016
 we launched a line of Deep Fried Twinkies&#174; in the freezer aisle. Collectively
 we believe our product launches have been successful and augmented our top line growth. Product launches in 2016 have resulted in pro forma combined net revenue of $44.0 million for the year ended December 31
In addition
&#32;for the period from the acquisition date of May 10
 2016 through December 31
 2016
We believe our DTW distribution model has created a substantial whitespace opportunity
 which is one of the key drivers that we expect to fuel our future growth. We have greater access to convenience
 drug and dollar stores. Distributing to these channels under a DSD model can be inefficient due to small average drop size. Similarly
 we have an opportunity to continue building distribution in the drug store channel after having successfully established a strong presence. Historically
 DSD snack cake companies have competed with candy and tobacco distributors; however
 our DTW model has enabled us to partner with these third-party distributors who can profitably penetrate both the convenience store and drug store channels and who are looking for opportunities to gain share in the SBG category. For 2016
The DTW distribution model is a significant change from Old Hostess&#8217; DSD system
 which utilized company owned trucks and company employed union drivers to serve over 5
500 routes. Today all transportation and shipping is done through third-parties to warehouse locations. Transportation and distribution costs as a percentage of net sales have been reduced by nearly 1800 basis points
 historically ~34% and now running ~16% of net revenue.&#178; We are investing heavily in automation
 which allows for improved product quality
 consistency and efficiency. However
 the benefits of our industry redefining model are felt even after our products leave the bakery. By shipping products using prebuilt
 shippable display cases through our DTW network
 we believe we now offer retailers an enhanced merchandising asset and the ability to execute nationwide marketing campaigns with retail-ready displays placed in stores across the country all on the same day. Given the impulse driven nature of the category
Our new business model is supported by cost-advantaged manufacturing and distribution
 expanded channel / retail store reach
 enhanced in-store merchandising capabilities
&#178; Based on internal data
 transportation and delivery costs include freight
 brokerage
 bracket and pickup allowance
We believe our Company culture is an integral part of our strategy
 built on entrepreneurship
 innovation
 collaboration and a competitive spirit. Embodying these tenets is a strong and experienced management team
 led by our CEO
 Bill Toler
 and our Executive Chairman
 Dean Metropoulos. Bill Toler has over 30 years of industry experience and previously served as CEO of AdvancePierre Foods. Dean Metropoulos has been involved in many successful transactions involving brands such as Chef Boyardee
 Duncan Hines
 Ghirardelli Chocolate
 Bumble Bee Tuna
 Pabst Blue Ribbon
 Premier Foods (the biggest UK food company)
 and Mumm and Perrier Jouet Champagnes. Dean Metropoulos has over 30 years of experience revamping iconic brands throughout the consumer space. In addition
Our management team is complimented by an experienced Board of Directors
A detailed biography of each of our board members and key management team members can be found at www.hostessbrands.com. Unless expressly stated otherwise
Our strategy is to be the premium sweet baked goods market leader in the United States by driving industry leading growth that outpaces our SBG peers.&#160; This growth will be driven by rebuilding the core business
We plan to capitalize on the strength of the Hostess brand
 positive market trends
 and our attractive retailer economics in order to generate new customers and increase the number of stores carrying our products. Unlike Old Hostess
 we now have the ability to unlock the potential afforded by the extended reach of warehouse distribution. Continued distribution and market share gains are expected to come from traditional channels (&#8220;core expansion&#8221;)
Our master brand strategy
 combined with investments in highly effective marketing and brand-building
While we have re-established and grown Hostess&#8217; presence throughout the traditional channels in which Old Hostess previously operated
 there remains further opportunity to close the gap in market share relative to Old Hostess&#8217; penetration. By expanding points of distribution
 increasing SKU assortments and recapturing shelf space in existing retailers
 we plan to continue our sales growth. Our top three products (Donettes
&#32;52 weeks ending December 31
 2016) higher than the average rate achieved by other products in our portfolio. These high levels are directly correlated to the focused approach we implemented on these three products during the relaunch. By applying this tailored and focused approach to our other existing product lines
One area of focus is the previously under-served channel of independent convenience stores and small grocery stores. Similarly
 we have an opportunity to continue to build distribution in the drug store and club channels. Importantly
 the DTW model enables us to partner with third party distributors (
 McLane
We believe that impulse purchase decisions are another fundamental driver of retail sales in the SBG category
 which makes prominent in-store placement an essential growth lever. The DTW model provides us with a competitive advantage through the ability to utilize retail-ready corrugated displays. These pre-built displays are visually impactful
 produced economically
 and require minimal in-store labor to assemble or load
 thus providing cost-efficient display vehicles that benefit both the retailer and us alike. Preloaded displays also allow us full control over our brand marketing
 which allows us to execute retailer-wide campaigns regionally or nationally in a consistent manner
 providing a unique competitive advantage across the entire SBG category
We understand the need to continually evolve while maintaining the tradition and offerings our loyal consumer base has come to know and love. We have been actively investing in new product development and building our long-term pipeline
New product innovation is designed to further leverage our brand equity with consumers
 while also further penetrating retailers&#8217; shelves. For example
 in 2015 we developed a portfolio of bread products under the Hostess label. The Hostess bread launch was designed for small format channels
 (e.g.
 convenience
 drug and dollar) that often cannot get full or consistent service and pricing across their total retail footprint from independent DSD drivers. With extended shelf life (&#8220;ESL&#8221;) bread via DTW
 we can now provide a consistent branded solution to bread service and pricing. In just one year after launch
 we have grown our bread share of total combined convenience and drug store channels to 21%
 making us the number one selling bread brand
 behind private label
 in these combined channels for the 52 weeks ended December 31
We continue to research &#8220;better-for-you&#8221; concepts
 while being true to the indulgent nature of our products.  We are exploring opportunities to remove certain negatives (e.g.
 partially hydrogenated oils
 artificial flavors and colors) in our products while increasing the positive nutritional elements.  In 2016
Our warehouse distribution model has created the potential for us to profitably distribute our products with a significantly further reach than Old Hostess.  We are penetrating the grocery channel with our Frozen Retail business
 supported by our Deep Fried Twinkies &#174; and licensing arrangements. We will seek to grow our business within food service through a relationship with a national distributor.  We have products that are now packaged for sale in Mexico
In May 2016
 we acquired Superior in order to expand our market and product offerings in the In-Store Bakery (ISB) section of the grocery and club retailers. Retailers are increasingly utilizing in-store bakery goods to provide a differentiated shopping experience and to showcase product offerings. Superior manufactures eclairs
 madeleines
 brownies
 and iced cookies
We believe we serve as a platform for growth within the broader branded snacking universe. Within the highly fragmented SBG category
 there exists the opportunity to drive value creation through acquisitions by leveraging our platform
 infrastructure and performance driven management culture. Our highly skilled and seasoned leadership is committed to seeking-out opportunities that add new capabilities and product attributes (
 Better-for-you) to our already broad offerings. Our experienced management includes several individuals with a proven track-record of successfully managing and acquiring consumer businesses. We believe our scale
We produce Hostess&#174; and Dolly Madison&#174; products at three baking facilities located in Emporia
 Kansas; Columbus
 Georgia; and Indianapolis
 Indiana. Superior products are produced at two baking facilities located in Southbridge
 Massachusetts. We have invested heavily in baking and packaging technology to improve productivity and efficiency
Our state of the art Autobake technologies have resulted in significant energy
 labor and time savings. The technology provides fully-automated industrial baking ovens and systems
 combining cost efficient
 compact and continuous baking solutions that can be custom configured. The first Autobake
 which exclusively produces Twinkies
 was installed in Emporia
 Kansas in July 2014. Its capabilities include equipment that fully-automates the packaging process (from wrapping to palletizing). We installed the second Autobake in Emporia in March 2015
We currently anticipate investing $30 million to $40 million during 2017 in support of consolidation of production lines
Our principal raw materials are flour
 sweeteners
 edible oils and compound coating
In addition
We have strategic
 long-term relationships with our key suppliers for our raw materials and packaging that help leverage our buying power. While the cost of some raw materials has
 and may continue to
 increase or decrease over time
 we believe that we will be able to purchase an adequate supply of raw materials as needed.&#160;We also sole source certain raw materials. In addition
 we have multiple vendors that meet the Company&#8217;s supply requirements with the sole sourced materials
 except in the case of the enzymes used in our ESL technology. With respect to the enzymes
We utilize a DTW distribution system
 using centralized distribution centers and common carriers. From our five baking facilities
 products are shipped to three distribution centers located in Shorewood
 Illinois
 Carthage
 Missouri and Worcester
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The DTW model is enabled by our ESL technology. Some of our products are shipped frozen at the request of certain retailers. As a result of our DTW model
 we do not keep a significant backlog of finished goods inventory
&#32;of total pro forma combined net revenue. During 2016
 our largest customer
 Wal-Mart
&#32;of our pro forma combined net revenue. No other customer accounted for more than 10% of our pro forma combined net revenue in 2016. The loss of
 or a material negative change in
 our relationship with Wal-Mart or any of our other top 10 customers could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our customers include mass merchandisers
 supermarkets and other retailers
 distributors
 convenience
We face competition from other brands
 large national bakeries
 smaller regional operators
 supermarket chains with their own private label brands
 and grocery stores with their own in-store bakery departments. The key competitive factors in the industry include product quality
 price
 customer service
 brand recognition and loyalty
 promotional activities
 access to retail outlets
 sufficient shelf-space and ability to identify and satisfy consumer preferences. Some of our largest national competitors include Flowers Foods
 Inc.
 Group Bimbo
 S.A. and McKee Foods Corporation. In addition
 we also compete with regional sweet goods branded manufacturers and other companies
 including in the ISB space
 that produce cookies
 candies and other sweet snacks. At times
 we experience pricing pressure in certain of our markets from competitor promotions and other pricing practices. However
 we believe our brand recognition
We believe that our intellectual property has substantial value and has contributed to the success of our business. In particular
 our trademarks
&#32;&#32;brand trademarks and our sub-brand trademarks
 including Twinkies
 Ding Dongs
 Ho Hos
 Zingers
 Sno Balls
 and Donettes
From time to time
 third parties have used names similar to ours
 have applied to register trademarks similar to ours and
 we believe
 have infringed or misappropriated our intellectual property rights. Third parties have also
 from time to time
We rely on laws and regulations
 as well as contractual restrictions
Our operations
 including the manufacturing
 processing
 formulating
 packaging
 labeling and advertising of products
 are subject to regulation by various federal agencies
 including the Food and Drug Administration (the &#8220;FDA&#8221;)
 the Federal Trade Commission (the &#8220;FTC&#8221;)
 and the Environmental Protection Agency (the &#8220;EPA&#8221;). Our products are subject to various local
 state
 and federal laws
 regulations and administrative practices affecting our business. We must comply with provisions regulating registrations and licensing
 health and sanitation standards
 current Good Manufacturing Practices and traceability
 food labeling
 equal employment
 wage and hour requirements
 and environmental protection
 among others. We take compliance and the safety of our products seriously and take all steps that we consider necessary or appropriate to comply with all applicable laws
. The FDA has comprehensive authority to regulate the safety of food and food ingredients (other than meat and poultry products)
 as well as dietary supplements. Food additives and food contact substances are subject to pre-market approvals or notification requirements. The FDA&#8217;s overall food safety authority was dramatically enhanced in 2011 with the passage of the Food Safety Modernization Act (&#8220;FSMA&#8221;). FSMA required the FDA to issue regulations mandating hazard analyses and risk-based preventive controls for most food producers
 implementation of science-based minimum standards for the safe growing
 harvesting
 packing
 and holding of fruits and vegetables
 development and implementation of hazard analyses and risk-based controls for ingredients and food products being imported
 with adequate documentation to support the foreign facilities&#8217; processes
 and institution of procedures for the sanitary transportation of food and food products. To date
 all of FSMA final rules have been implemented
 with compliance dates for the hazard analysis final rule for human food already in effect. The broad authority to regulate food applies to domestic food facilities and
 by way of imported food supplier verification requirements
 to foreign facilities that supply food products to the U.S. market. In addition
 FSMA requires the FDA to identify &#8220;high risk&#8221; foods and &#8220;high risk&#8221; facilities
 and instructs the FDA to set goals for the frequency of FDA inspections of such facilities. Goals for inspection are also required for non-high risk facilities and foreign facilities from which food is imported into the United States. Though guidance for these programs is still under development
For example
 FSMA meaningfully augments the FDA&#8217;s ability to access foreign and domestic producers&#8217; records and suppliers&#8217; records. FSMA gives the FDA authority to require food producers
 distributors
 and sellers to recall adulterated or misbranded food if the FDA determines that there is a reasonable probability that the food will cause serious adverse health consequences to persons or animals. Additionally
 the FSMA increases the FDA&#8217;s authority to institute administrative detentions of adulterated and misbranded foods. The FSMA also results in enhanced tracking and tracing of food requirements and
 as a result
The FDA also exercises broad jurisdiction over the labeling and promotion of food. Labeling is a broad concept that
 under certain circumstances
 extends to product-related claims and representations made on a company&#8217;s website or similar printed or graphic medium. All foods must bear labeling that provides consumers with essential information with respect to ingredients and allergens
 product weight
 manufacturer/distributor location
 etc. In May 2016
 the FDA issued a Final Rule revising the nutrition and supplement facts panel (the &#8220;NFP&#8221; and &#8220;SFP&#8221; respectively) requirements on food products
 as well as a related final rule updating serving sizes customarily consumed. Importantly for our products
. The FDA has broad authority to enforce the provisions of the Food
 Drug and Cosmetic Act (the &#8220;FDCA&#8221;) applicable to the safety
 labeling
 manufacturing
 distribution
 and promotion of foods
  including powers to issue a public warning letter to a company
 publicize information about illegal products
 institute an administrative detention of food
 request or order a recall of illegal products from the market
 and request the Department of Justice to initiate a seizure action
 an injunction action
 or a criminal prosecution in the U.S. courts. Pursuant to FSMA
 the FDA also has the power to refuse the import of any food from a foreign supplier that is not appropriately verified as in compliance with all FDA laws and regulations. Moreover
&#32;Since 1954
 the FTC and the FDA have operated under a Memorandum of Understanding (&#8220;the MOU&#8221;) under which the FTC has assumed primary responsibility for regulating food advertising
 while the FDA has taken primary responsibility for regulating food labeling. The FTC exercises jurisdiction over the advertising of foods under its statutory authority to prohibit deceptive acts or practices under Section 5
 and prohibit any false advertisement that is misleading in any material respect under Sections 12 and 15
. There are a variety of regulatory reform initiatives within the FDA
 FTC
 EPA
As of December 31
 2016
 we employed approximately 1
350 people. Of our total workforce
 approximately 1
180 were located at our bakery facilities. The remaining workers comprised functions including operations management
 sales and supply chain
 among others. In early 2015
 we entered into collective bargaining agreements with the local unions of the Bakery
 Confectionary
 Tobacco Workers and Grain Millers Union in Indianapolis
 Indiana and Columbus
We are committed to keeping our employees safe
Our goal is to create a higher standard of living and quality of life for our employees and our communities. &#160;New automation
 safety investments and behavioral safety training have resulted in higher employee engagement and low workers&#8217; compensation costs. We meet periodically with local and state leaders to discuss business planning and ways to become a better community partner with educational
The Company&#8217;s Internet website address is www.hostessbrands.com. The Company makes available free of charge (other than an investor&#8217;s own Internet access charges) through its Internet website its Annual Report on Form 10-K
 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
 Current Reports on Form 8-K
 and amendments to those reports
 on the same day they are electronically filed with
 or furnished to
 the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company is not including the information contained on or available through its website as a part of
 or incorporating such information by reference into
You should carefully consider the following risk factors
 together with all of the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The risks described below are those which we believe are the material risks that we face. Additional risks not presently known to us or which we currently consider immaterial may also have an adverse effect on us. Any risk described below may have a material adverse impact on our business or financial condition. Under these circumstances
 the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline
Maintaining
We have many iconic brands with long-standing consumer recognition. Our success depends on our ability to maintain our brand image for our existing products
 extend our brands to new platforms
We seek to maintain
 extend
 and expand our brand image through marketing investments
 including advertising and consumer promotions
 and product innovation. Increasing attention on the role of food marketing could adversely affect our brand image. It could also lead to stricter regulations and greater scrutiny of marketing practices. Existing or increased legal or regulatory restrictions on our advertising
 consumer promotions and marketing
 or our response to those restrictions
 could limit our efforts to maintain
 extend and expand our brands. Moreover
 adverse publicity about regulatory or legal action against us could damage our reputation and brand image
 undermine our customers&#8217; confidence and reduce long-term demand for our products
In addition
 our success in maintaining
 extending
 and expanding our brand image depends on our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing media environment. We increasingly rely on social media and online dissemination of advertising campaigns. The growing use of social and digital media increases the speed and extent that information or misinformation and opinions can be shared. Negative posts or comments about us
 our brands or our products on social or digital media
 whether or not valid
 could seriously damage our brands and reputation. If we do not maintain
 extend
 and expand our brand image
 then our product sales
Our intellectual property rights are valuable
We consider our intellectual property rights
 including our trademarks
 trade names
 copyrights
 trade secrets and trade dress
 to be a significant and valuable part of our business. We attempt to protect our intellectual property rights by taking advantage of a combination of applicable laws
 copyright registrations
 trademark registrations and/or applications for our trademarks
 third-party agreements (including non-disclosures
 assignments
 distribution and/or manufacturing
 licenses
 consents and co-existence) and policing and enforcement of third-party misuse or infringement of our intellectual property. Our failure to obtain or adequately protect our intellectual property rights
 or any change in law or other changes that serve to lessen or remove the current legal protections of our intellectual property
 may diminish our competitiveness and could materially harm our business.  In addition
Any litigation regarding intellectual property (including third party infringement claims or litigation initiated by us to protect our intellectual property rights) could be costly and time-consuming and could divert management&#8217;s and other key personnel&#8217;s attention from our business operations. Any of the occurrences outlined above could materially and adversely affect our reputation
 product sales
In nearly all of our product categories
 we compete with lower-priced alternative products. Our products must provide higher value and/or quality to our consumers than alternatives
 particularly during periods of economic uncertainty. Consumers may not buy our products if relative differences in value and/or quality between our products and retailer or other economy brands change in favor of competitors&#8217; products or if consumers perceive this type of change. If consumers choose the lower-priced brands
 then we could lose market share or sales volumes
 which could materially and adversely affect our product sales
 financial condition
We may be unable to correctly predict
Consumer preferences for food and snacking products change continually. Our success will depend on our ability to predict
 identify and interpret the tastes
 dietary habits
 packaging and other preferences of consumers and to offer products that appeal to these preferences. Moreover
 weak economic conditions
 recession or other factors could affect consumer preferences and demand. If we do not offer products that appeal to consumers or if we misjudge consumer demand for our products
We continually introduce new products or product extensions and our operating results and growth will depend upon the market reception of such new products. There can be no assurance that new products will find widespread acceptance among consumers
In addition
 prolonged negative perceptions concerning the health implications of certain food products could influence consumer preferences and acceptance of some of our products and marketing programs. For example
 consumers are increasingly focused on health and wellness
 including weight management and reducing sugar consumption. We might be unsuccessful in our efforts to effectively respond to changing consumer preferences and social expectations. Continued negative perceptions and failure to satisfy consumer preferences could materially and adversely affect our reputation
 product sales
The SBG business is highly competitive. Numerous brands and products compete for shelf space and sales
 with competition based primarily on product quality
 brand recognition and loyalty
 price
 trade promotion
 consumer promotion
 customer service
 and the ability to identify and satisfy emerging consumer preferences. We face competition from other large national bakeries
 smaller regional operators
 supermarket chains with their own private labeled brands
 grocery stores with their own in-store bakery departments and diversified food companies. Our competitors include a significant number of companies of varying sizes
 including divisions
 subdivisions
 or subsidiaries of larger companies. Many of these competitors have multiple product lines
 substantially greater financial and other resources available to them
 and may be substantially less leveraged than us. We may not be able to compete successfully with these companies. Competitive pressures or other factors could cause us to lose market share
 which may require us to lower prices
 increase marketing and advertising expenditures
 or increase the use of discounting or promotional campaigns
Our results will depend on our ability to drive revenue growth
 in part
 by expanding the distribution channels for our products. However
 our ability to do so may be limited by our inability to secure additional shelf or retail space for our products. Shelf and retail space for sweet baked goods is limited and subject to competitive and other pressures
 and there can be no assurance that retail operators will provide us sufficient shelf space for our products to enable us to meet our growth objectives. If we are unable to maintain or increase our shelf or retail space
We have invested to extend our product shelf life
 while maintaining our products&#8217; taste
 texture and quality. Extended shelf life is an important component of our DTW model. Our ability to produce and successfully market existing and new products with this extended shelf life
 while maintaining taste
 texture and quality
 is essential to our success. If we are unable to continue to produce products with extended shelf life or if the products are not accepted by consumers
 we could be forced to make changes to our distribution model and that could have an adverse effect on product sales
The SBG industry&#8217;s overall growth is linked to population growth. Our future results will depend on our ability to drive revenue growth in our key products. Because our operations are concentrated in North America
 where growth in the SBG industry has been moderate
 our success also depends in part on our ability to enhance our portfolio by adding innovative new products. There can be no assurance that new products will find widespread acceptance among consumers. Our failure to drive revenue growth in our key products or develop innovative new products could materially and adversely affect our profitability
Commodity
 energy
We purchase and use large quantities of commodities
 including flour
 sweeteners
 edible oils and compound coating to manufacture our products. In addition
 we purchase and use significant quantities of corrugate and films to package our products. We are also exposed to changes in energy prices
 which impact both our manufacturing and distribution costs. Prices for commodities
 other supplies and energy are volatile and can fluctuate due to conditions that are difficult to predict
 including global competition for resources
 currency fluctuations
 severe weather or global climate change
 consumer
 industrial or investment demand
 and changes in governmental regulation and trade
 alternative energy
 and agricultural programs. Rising commodity
 energy
 and other input costs could materially and adversely affect our cost of operations
 including the manufacture
 transportation
 and distribution of our products
Although we monitor our exposure to commodity prices as an integral part of our overall risk management program
 and seek to utilize forward buying strategies through short-term and long-term advance purchase contracts
 to lock in prices for certain high-volume raw materials
 packaging components and fuel inputs
 these strategies may not protect us from increases in specific raw materials costs. Continued volatility or sustained increases in the prices of commodities and other supplies we purchase could increase the costs of our products
 and our profitability could suffer. Moreover
 increases in the prices of our products to cover these increased costs may result in lower sales volumes. If we are not successful in our hedging activities
 or if we are unable to price our products to cover increased costs
If we lose one or more of our major customers
 or if any of our major customers experience significant business interruption
We have several large customers that account for a significant portion of our  sales. Wal-Mart and its affiliates are our largest customers and represented approximately 21.1% of our pro forma combined net revenue for the year ended December&#160;31
 2016. Cumulatively
 including Wal-Mart
 our top ten customers accounted for 60.6% of pro forma combined net revenue for the year ended December&#160;31
We do not have long-term supply contracts with any of our major customers. The loss of one or more major customers
 a material reduction in sales to these customers as a result of competition from other food manufacturers
 or the occurrence of a significant business interruption of our customers&#8217; operations would result in a decrease in our revenue
 operating results
We operate in North America and
 therefore
 are particularly susceptible to adverse regulations
 economic climate
 consumer trends
 market fluctuations
 including commodity price fluctuations or supply shortages of our key ingredients
 and other adverse events. The concentration of our businesses in North America could present challenges and may increase the likelihood that an adverse event in North America would materially and adversely affect our product sales
Retail customers may continue to consolidate
 resulting in fewer customers for our business. Consolidation also produces larger retail customers that may seek to leverage their position to improve their profitability by demanding improved efficiency
 lower pricing
 increased promotional programs
 or specifically tailored products. In addition
 larger retailers have the scale to develop supply chains that permit them to operate with reduced inventories or to develop and market their own retailer brands. Retail consolidation and increasing retailer power could materially and adversely affect our product sales
 financial condition
Retail consolidation also increases the risk that adverse changes in our customers&#8217; business operations or financial performance will have a corresponding material and adverse effect on us. For example
 if our customers cannot access sufficient funds or financing
 then they may delay
 decrease
 or cancel purchases of our products
 or delay or fail to pay us for previous purchases
 which could materially and adversely affect our product sales
 financial condition
Inflationary pressures and any shortages in the labor market could increase labor costs
 which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated operating results or financial condition. Our labor costs include the cost of providing employee benefits
 including health and welfare
Under the U.S. Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (the &#8220;ACA&#8221;)
 we are required to provide affordable coverage
 as defined in the ACA
 to all employees
 or otherwise be subject to a payment per employee based on the affordability criteria in the ACA. Additionally
 some states and localities have passed state and local laws mandating the provision of certain levels of health benefits by some employers. Increased health care and insurance costs could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and operating results. In addition
 changes in federal or state workplace regulations could adversely affect our business
Various federal and state labor laws govern our relationships with our employees and affect operating costs. These laws include employee classifications as exempt or non-exempt
 minimum wage requirements
 unemployment tax rates
 workers&#8217; compensation rates
 overtime
 family leave
 safety standards
 payroll taxes
 citizenship requirements and other wage and benefit requirements for employees classified as non-exempt. As our employees are paid at rates set above
 but related to
 the applicable minimum wage
 further increases in the minimum wage could increase our labor costs. Significant additional government regulations could materially adversely affect our business
A portion of our workforce belongs to unions. Failure to successfully negotiate collective bargaining agreements
Approximately 31% of our employees
 as of December 31
 2016
 are covered by collective bargaining agreements and other employees may seek to be covered by collective bargaining agreements. Strikes or work stoppages or other business interruptions could occur if we are unable to renew these agreements on satisfactory terms or enter into new agreements on satisfactory terms
 which could impair manufacturing and distribution of our products or result in a loss of sales
 which could adversely impact our business
 financial condition or operating results. The terms and conditions of existing
We may be subject to product liability claims should the consumption of any of our products cause injury
We sell food products for human consumption
 which involves risks such as product contamination or spoilage
 mislabeling
 product tampering and other adulteration of food products. Consumption of a mislabeled
 adulterated
 contaminated or spoiled product may result in personal illness or injury. We could be subject to claims or law suits relating to an actual or alleged illness or injury
 and we could incur liabilities that are not insured or exceed our insurance coverage. Even if product liability claims against us are not successful or fully pursued
 these claims could be costly and time consuming and may require our management to spend time defending the claims rather than operating the business. In addition
Our recent product recalls have increased our costs and may negatively impact our brands&#8217; reputation
On June 3
 2016
 we announced the voluntary recall of approximately 710
000 cases of various products as a direct result of the recall by the Company&#8217;s supplier
 Grain Craft
 of certain lots of its flour for undeclared peanut residue.  These products could have posed a risk to consumers with peanut allergies because the products potentially contained low levels of undeclared peanut residue. While we believe we have taken all appropriate steps to address this issue
 the recall resulted in increased costs and could negatively affect our brands&#8217; reputation. In addition
 on January 9
 2017
In the future
 a product that has been actually or allegedly misbranded or becomes adulterated could result in product withdrawals or recalls
 destruction of product inventory
 negative publicity
 temporary plant closings
 substantial cost of compliance or remediation
 and potentially significant product liability judgments against us. Any of these events could result in a loss of demand for our products
 which would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition
 operating results or cash flows. We could also be adversely affected if consumers lose confidence in our product quality
Factors that are hard to predict or beyond our control
 like weather
 natural disasters
 fire
 explosions
 terrorism
 political unrest
 generalized labor unrest or health pandemics could damage or disrupt our operations. In addition
 our operations could be disrupted by a material equipment failure. We do not have significant redundant operating equipment to allow for such disruptions. Accordingly
 if we do not effectively respond to disruptions in our operations
 for example
 by replacing capacity at our manufacturing locations
 or cannot quickly repair damage to our information
 production or supply systems
 we may be late in delivering or unable to deliver products to our customers. If that occurs
 we may lose our customers&#8217; confidence
 and long-term consumer demand for our products could decline. These events could materially and adversely affect our product sales
We rely on third parties for significant services that are important to our business
 and their failure to perform could adversely affect our business
We operate a DTW distribution system that utilizes third-party centralized distribution centers and common carriers to transport a substantial majority of our products. While this has expanded our distribution reach and reduced delivery costs
 we are dependent upon third parties to effectively distribute our products. Any failure by us to deliver our products in a timely manner would have an adverse impact on our sales and our reputation. In addition
 we rely on third parties for sales and marketing services.&#160;We do not have long-term contracts with any of these third party service providers.&#160;Accordingly
 any termination by a third party provider of their services to us
 or any failure by these third parties to perform their obligations to us
As a large food company
 we operate in a highly regulated environment with constantly evolving legal and regulatory frameworks. Various laws and regulations govern food production
 storage
 distribution
 sales
 advertising and marketing
 as well as licensing
 trade
 labor
 tax and environmental matters
 and health and safety practices. Government authorities regularly change laws and regulations and their interpretations. Consequently
 we are subject to heightened risk of legal claims or other regulatory enforcement actions. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with existing laws and regulations
 there can be no assurance that our employees
 contractors
 or agents will not violate our policies and procedures. Moreover
 a failure to maintain effective control processes could lead to violations
 unintentional or otherwise
 of laws and regulations. Legal claims or regulatory enforcement actions arising out of our failure or alleged failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us to civil and criminal penalties that could materially and adversely affect our product sales
 reputation
 financial condition
We believe that we maintain insurance customary for businesses of our size and type. However
We are subject to laws and regulations relating to protection of the environment
 worker health
 and workplace safety. Costs to comply with these laws and regulations
 or claims with respect to environmental
 health and safety matters
Our operations are subject to various federal
 state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment
 including those governing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water
 the management and disposal of solid and hazardous materials and wastes
 employee exposure to hazards in the workplace and the cleanup of contaminated sites. We are required to obtain and comply with environmental permits for many of our operations
 and sometimes we are required to install pollution control equipment or to implement operational changes to limit air emissions or wastewater discharges and/or decrease the likelihood of accidental releases of hazardous materials. We could incur substantial costs
 including cleanup costs
 civil or criminal fines or penalties
 and third-party claims for property damage or personal injury as a result of any violations of environmental laws and regulations
Under federal and state environmental laws
 we may be liable for the costs of investigation
 removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances
 as well as related costs of investigation and damage to natural resources
 at various properties
 including our current and former properties and the former properties of our predecessors
 as well as off-site waste handling or disposal sites that we or our predecessors have used. Liability may be imposed upon us without regard to whether we knew of or caused the presence of such hazardous or toxic substances. Any such locations
 or locations that we may acquire in the future
 may result in liability to us under such laws or expose us to third-party actions such as tort suits based on alleged conduct or environmental conditions. In addition
In addition to regulations applicable to our operations
 failure by any of our suppliers to comply with regulations
 or allegations of compliance failure
 may disrupt their operations and could result in potential liability. Even if we were able to obtain insurance coverage or compensation for any losses or damages resulting from the noncompliance of a supplier with applicable regulations
We cannot predict what environmental or health and safety legislation or regulations will be enacted in the future or how existing or future laws or regulations will be enforced
Our operations are subject to regulation by the FDA
 FTC and other governmental entities
Our operations are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA
 the FTC and other national
 state
 and local authorities. For example
 we are subject to the FDCA and regulations promulgated thereunder by the FDA. This comprehensive regulatory program governs
 among other things
 the manufacturing
 composition and ingredients
 packaging
 and safety of food. Under this program
 the FDA regulates manufacturing practices for foods through
 among other things
 its current &#8220;good manufacturing practices&#8221; regulations
 or cGMPs
 and specifies the recipes for certain foods. Our processing facilities and products are subject to periodic inspection by federal
 state
 and local authorities. In January 2011
 the FSMA was signed into law. The law increased the number of inspections at food facilities in the U.S. in an effort to enhance the detection of food-borne illness outbreaks and order recalls of tainted food products. The FTC and other authorities regulate how we market and advertise our products
 and we could be the target of claims relating to alleged false or deceptive advertising under federal
 state
 and foreign laws and regulations. Changes in these laws or regulations or the introduction of new laws or regulations could increase the costs of doing business for us or our customers or suppliers or restrict our actions
We seek to comply with applicable regulations through a combination of employing internal personnel to ensure quality-assurance compliance and contracting with third-party laboratories that conduct analysis of products for the nutritional-labeling requirements. Compliance with regulations is costly and time-consuming. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations or maintain permits and licenses relating to our operations could subject us to civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 recalls or seizures
 as well as potential criminal sanctions
Changes in laws
 regulations or rules
 or a failure to comply with any laws
 regulations or rules
 may adversely affect our business
We are subject to laws
 regulations and rules enacted by national
 regional and local governments and NASDAQ.&#160;In particular
 we are required to comply with certain SEC
 NASDAQ and other legal or regulatory requirements.&#160;Compliance with
 and monitoring of
 applicable laws
 regulations and rules may be difficult
 time consuming and costly.&#160;Those laws
 regulations or rules and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. In particular
 the new presidential administration has indicated its intent to pursue comprehensive regulatory reform.&#160;In addition
 a failure to comply with applicable laws
 regulations or rules
 as interpreted and applied
We are subject to income taxes in the United States
 and our domestic tax liabilities will be subject to the allocation of expenses in differing jurisdictions. Our future effective tax rates could be subject to volatility or adversely affected by a number of factors
changes in tax laws
In addition
 we may be subject to audits of our income
The efficient operation of our business depends on our information technology systems
 some of which are managed by third-party service providers. We rely on our information technology systems to effectively manage our business data
 communications
 supply chain
 order entry and fulfillment
 and other business processes. The failure of our information technology systems to perform as we anticipate could disrupt our business and could result in transaction errors
 processing inefficiencies
 and the loss of sales and customers
 causing our business and operating results to suffer. In addition
 our information technology systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from circumstances beyond our control
 including fire
 natural disasters
 power outages
 systems failures
 security breaches
We may not successfully identify or complete strategic acquisitions
 alliances
From time to time
 we may evaluate acquisition candidates
 alliances or joint ventures that may strategically fit our business objectives or we may consider divesting businesses that do not meet our strategic objectives or growth or profitability targets. For example
 on May 10
 2016
 we acquired Superior. These activities may present financial
 managerial
 and operational risks including
 but not limited to
 diversion of management&#8217;s attention from existing core businesses
 difficulties integrating or separating personnel and financial and other systems
 inability to effectively and immediately implement control environment processes across a diverse employee population
 adverse effects on existing or acquired customer and supplier business relationships
 and potential disputes with buyers
 sellers or partners. In addition
 to the extent we undertake acquisitions
 alliances or joint ventures or other developments outside our core geography or in new categories
 we may face additional risks related to such developments. Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our product sales
 financial condition
We must hire
We also face increased personnel-related risks. These risks could lead to operational challenges
 including increased competition for employees with the skills we require to achieve our business goals
 and higher employee turnover
 including employees with key capabilities. Furthermore
 we might be unable to manage changes in
 or that affect
These risks could materially and adversely affect our reputation
 ability to meet the needs of our customers
 product sales
Our substantial leverage could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations
 limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry
 expose us to interest rate risk to the extent of our variable rate debt
We are highly leveraged. As of December 31
 2016
 our total balance on long term debt
 excluding deferred financing charges
 discount
 premium
 and capital lease obligations
 was approximately $1.0 billion. Our high degree of leverage could have important consequences
requiring a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness
 thereby reducing our ability to use our cash flow to fund our operations
 capital expenditures
exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates because all of our borrowings
 including our borrowings under our credit facilities
limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital
 capital expenditures
 product development
 debt service requirements
 acquisitions
Despite our significant leverage
 we may be able to incur significant additional amounts of debt
We may require additional financing to fund our operations or growth. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on our continued development or growth. None of our officers
The Gores Group
As of March 8
 2017
 The Gores Group
 the Apollo Funds
  and the Metropoulos Entities beneficially own approximately 50% of our common stock
 including approximately 33% of our Class A common stock and 100% of our Class B common stock. Holders of our Class B stock are entitled to vote on all matters presented to the Company&#8217;s stockholders
 but do not have any economic rights to the distributions of the Company. As long as The Gores Group
 the Apollo Funds  and the Metropoulos Entities own or control a significant percentage of our outstanding voting power
 they will have the ability to significantly influence all corporate actions requiring stockholder approval
 including the election and removal of directors and the size of our board
 any amendment to our certificate of incorporation or bylaws
 or the approval of any merger or other significant corporate transaction
Pursuant to the Executive Chairman Director Agreement entered into with Mr. Metropoulos
 Mr. Metropoulos serves as the Executive Chairman of our board.&#160;The Executive Chairman Director Agreement provides that
 for so long as the Metropoulos Entities in the aggregate hold at least 7.5% of the capital stock of the Company on a fully-diluted basis
 Mr. Metropoulos will have the right to designate one member for election to the board
The Gores Group&#8217;s
 the Apollo Funds&#8217; and the Metropoulos Entities&#8217; interests may not align with the interests of our other stockholders. The Gores Group
 the Apollo Funds and the Metropoulos Entities are all in the business of making investments in companies and may acquire and hold interests in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us. The Gores Group
Class B units in Hostess Holdings may be exchanged (together with the cancellation of shares of our Class B common stock) by the holders thereof for
 at the Company&#8217;s election
 shares of Class&#160;A common stock
 on a one-for-one basis (subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments)
 or the cash equivalent of such shares. The exchanges may result in increases to our share of the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of our operating subsidiaries that otherwise would not have been available
 although the U.S. Internal Revenue Service may challenge all or part of that tax basis increase
 and a court could sustain such a challenge by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. These increases in tax basis
 if sustained
We are party to a Tax Receivable Agreement that provides for the payment by us to the Legacy Hostess Equityholders of 85% of the net cash savings
 if any
 in U.S. federal
 state and local income tax that the Company actually realizes (or is deemed to realize in certain circumstances) as a result of: (i)&#160;certain increases in tax basis resulting from the Business Combination; (ii)&#160;certain tax attributes of Hostess Holdings and its subsidiaries existing prior to the Business Combination; (iii)&#160;certain increases in tax basis resulting from exchanges of Class B units; (iv)&#160;imputed interest deemed to be paid by the Company as a result of payments that it makes under the Tax Receivable Agreement; and (v)&#160;certain increases in tax basis resulting from payments that the Company makes under the Tax Receivable Agreement. It is expected that we will benefit from the remaining 15% cash savings
 if any
If our dividend policy is materially different than the distribution policy of Hostess Holdings
 upon the exchange of any Class B units
We and the Metropoulos Entities are limited partners of Hostess Holdings.&#160;To the extent Hostess Holdings distributes to its limited partners a greater share of income received from our operating subsidiaries than we distribute to our stockholders
 then any of the Metropoulos Entities who participate in such distribution by Hostess Holdings and subsequently exercise their rights to exchange limited partnership units in Hostess Holdings for Class&#160;A common stock may receive a disproportionate interest in the aggregate distributions by our operating subsidiaries that have not been distributed by us.&#160;The reason is that such Metropoulos Entity could receive both (i)&#160;the benefit of a distribution by Hostess Holdings to its limited partners
 including such Metropoulos Entity
 and (ii)&#160;the benefit of a distribution by the Company to the holders of Class A common stock
 including such Metropoulos Entity.&#160;Consequently
 if our dividend policy does not match the distribution policy of Hostess Holdings
Our only significant asset is our ownership interest in our operating subsidiaries and such ownership may not be sufficient to pay dividends or make distributions or loans to enable us to pay any dividends on our common stock or satisfy our other financial obligations
We have no direct operations and no significant assets other than our ownership interest in our operating subsidiaries.&#160;We depend on our operating subsidiaries for distributions
 loans and other payments to generate the funds necessary to meet our financial obligations
 including our expenses as a publicly traded company
 to pay any dividends with respect to our common stock
 and to satisfy our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement.&#160;The financial condition and operating requirements of our operating subsidiaries may limit our ability to obtain cash from our operating subsidiaries.&#160;The earnings from
 or other available assets of
 our operating subsidiaries may not be sufficient to pay dividends or make distributions or loans to enable us to pay any dividends on our common stock or satisfy our other financial obligations
The ability of our operating subsidiaries (other than subsidiaries which have been designated as unrestricted pursuant to our ability to do so in certain limited circumstances) to make distributions
 loans and other payments to us for the purposes described above and for any other purpose are governed by the terms of our credit facilities
 and will be subject to the negative covenants set forth therein.&#160;Any loans or other extensions of credit will be subject to the investment covenants contained therein
 which provide for several exceptions including
 among others (i) a general investment basket equal to the greater of a fixed dollar amount and a percentage of EBITDA and (ii) an unlimited investment basket based on satisfying a total net leverage ratio on a pro forma basis.&#160;Similarly
 any dividends
 distributions or similar payments will be subject to the dividends and distributions covenant under such credit facilities
 which also provide for several exceptions including
 among others (i) for payment of overhead and certain fees and expenses of parent companies
 (ii) for tax distributions
 subject to certain limitations
We may be required to take write-downs or write-offs
 restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition
 results of operations and our stock price
Although we conducted due diligence in connection with the Business Combination
 we cannot assure you that this diligence surfaced all material issues that may be present in our business
 that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence
 or that factors outside of our business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors
 we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets
 restructure operations
 or incur impairment or other charges that could result in losses. Unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity
 the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about the company or its securities. Accordingly
 our stockholders could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them
If the Business Combination&#8217;s benefits do not meet the expectations of investors
 stockholders or financial analysts
If the benefits of the Business Combination do not meet the expectations of investors or securities analysts
Fluctuations in the price of our securities could contribute to the loss of all or part of your investment. Immediately prior to the Business Combination
 there was no public market for the equity of Hostess and trading in the shares of the Class A common stock of Gores Holdings was not active. As an active market for our securities develops and continues
 the trading price of our securities could be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors
 some of which are beyond our control. Any of the factors listed below could have a material adverse effect on your investment in our securities and our securities may trade at prices significantly below the price you paid for them. In such circumstances
the public&#8217;s reaction to our press releases
commencement of
 or involvement in
changes in our capital structure
sales of substantial amounts of common stock by our directors
general economic and political conditions such as recessions
 interest rates
 fuel prices
Broad market and industry factors may materially harm the market price of our securities irrespective of our operating performance.&#160;The stock market in general and NASDAQ have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the particular companies affected.&#160;The trading prices and valuations of these stocks
 and of our securities
 may not be predictable.&#160;A loss of investor confidence in the market for the stocks of other companies which investors perceive to be similar to the post-combination company could depress our stock price regardless of our business
 prospects
In the past
 securities class action litigation has often been initiated against companies following periods of volatility in their stock price. This type of litigation could result in substantial costs and divert our management&#8217;s attention and resources
There may be a large number of shares of Class A common stock sold in the market in the near future. These sales
 or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares
 could reduce the market price of our Class A common stock. As of March 8
 2017
 our Sponsor
 as well as the Apollo Funds and the Metropoulos Entities held approximately 50% of our Common Stock
 including approximately 33% of our Class A common stock and 100% of our Class B common stock. All such shares of Class&#160;A common stock held by
 or obtainable in exchange for Class B common stock and Class B units held by The Gores Group
 the Apollo Funds and the Metropoulos Entities have been registered for resale under the Securities Act pursuant to a shelf registration statement filed in November  2016. Pursuant to a registration rights agreement that we entered into with these stockholders in connection with the Business Combination
 unless we and such stockholders otherwise agree
 such stockholders are bound by restrictions on the transfer of their shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock (subject to the exceptions set forth therein) until May 4
 2017. In addition
 the Sponsor and certain of our other stockholders prior to the Business Combination entered into a letter agreement with us
 pursuant to which
 unless we otherwise agree
 certain of the shares held thereby may not be transferred until the earlier to occur of (i)&#160;May 4
 2017 or (ii)&#160;the date on which the Company completes a liquidation
 merger
 stock exchange or other similar transaction after the closing of the Business Combination that results in all of the Company&#8217;s public stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash
We have approximately 98
250
917 shares of Class A common stock outstanding as of March 8
 2017.&#160;We also registered 7
150
000 shares of Class A common stock that we may issue under the Hostess Brands
 Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan
 which shares may be freely sold in the public market upon issuance
A market for our securities may not continue
The price of our securities may fluctuate significantly due to general market and economic conditions. An active trading market for our securities may not be sustained. In addition
 the price of our securities can vary due to general economic conditions and forecasts
 our general business condition and the release of our financial reports. Additionally
 if our securities become delisted from NASDAQ for any reason
 and are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board
 an inter-dealer automated quotation system for equity securities that is not a national securities exchange
If securities or industry analysts cease publishing research or reports about us
 our business
 or our market
 or if they change their recommendations regarding our Class A common stock adversely
The trading market for our Class A common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about us
 our business
 our market
 or our competitors.&#160;Securities and industry analysts may cease to publish research on us.&#160; If any of the analysts who may cover us change their recommendation regarding our stock adversely
 or provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors
 the price of our Class A common stock would likely decline.&#160;If any analyst who may cover us were to cease coverage of us or fail to regularly publish reports on it
 we could lose visibility in the financial markets
We qualify as an &#8220;emerging growth company&#8221; as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Securities Act
 as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the &#8220;JOBS Act&#8221;). As such
 we take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies for as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company
 including (i) the exemption from the auditor attestation requirements with respect to internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 (ii) the exemptions from say-on-pay
 say-on-frequency and say-on-golden parachute voting requirements and (iii) reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements. As a result
 our stockholders may not have access to certain information they deem important. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following August 19
 2020
 the fifth anniversary of our IPO
 (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.0 billion or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer
 which means the market value of our Class A common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the last business day of our prior second fiscal quarter
 or (ii) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. Because we had pro forma combined net revenues during our last calendar year of approximately $727.6 million
 and we currently anticipate that the market value of our Class A common stock that is held by non-affiliates may exceed $700 million as of June 30
 2017
 although we cannot assure that it will exceed such amount
  if we expand our business
 increase our revenues
 or the value of our Class A common stock remains at current levels or increases
 we may cease to be an emerging growth company prior to August 19
In addition
 Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the exemption from complying with new or revised accounting standards provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act as long as we are an emerging growth company. An emerging growth company can therefore delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies
 but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period
 which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies
 we
 as an emerging growth company
We cannot predict if investors will find our Class A common stock less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our Class A common stock less attractive as a result
If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls
We are required to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act
 which requires
 among other things
 that companies maintain disclosure controls and procedures to ensure timely disclosure of material information
 and that management review the effectiveness of those controls on a quarterly basis. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and to help prevent fraud
 and our management and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance requirements. Moreover
 these rules&#160;and regulations increased our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly. We cannot be certain that we will be able to maintain adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future or that we will be able to comply with our obligations under Section&#160;404 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act. Section&#160;404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act also requires us to evaluate annually the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting as of the end of each fiscal year and to include a management report assessing the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in our Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K. As discussed in &#8220;Item 9A-Controls and Procedures
&#8221; the design of internal control over financial reporting for the Company following the Business Combination has required and will require significant time and resources from management and other personnel. Therefore
 management was unable
 without incurring unreasonable effort and expense
 to conduct an assessment of our internal control over financial reporting
 and accordingly
 in compliance with SEC guidance we have not included a management report on internal control over financial reporting in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls
 we cannot assure you that we will be able to conclude in the future that we have effective internal control over financial reporting and/or we may encounter difficulties in implementing or improving our internal controls
 which could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. If we fail to maintain effective internal controls
 we might be subject to sanctions or investigation by regulatory authorities
Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly and could fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors due to seasonality and other factors
 some of which are beyond our control
Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly because of seasonality and several other factors
profitability of our products
macroeconomic conditions
actions by our competitors (e.g.
Fluctuations in our operating results due to the foregoing or other factors could cause our results to fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors
Anti-takeover provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws
 as well as provisions of Delaware law
Our certificate of incorporation contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law
 which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together
a staggered board providing for three classes of directors
no cumulative voting in the election of directors
the right of our board to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of our board or the resignation
 death or removal of a director in certain circumstances
a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent
a prohibition on stockholders calling a special meeting and the requirement that a meeting of stockholders may only be called by members of our board
 which may delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action
advance notice procedures that stockholders must comply with in order to nominate candidates to our board or to propose matters to be acted upon at a meeting of stockholders
As of December 31
 2016
 Hostess operated five baking facilities and three distribution centers and occupied corporate headquarters
Emporia
278
Columbus
313
Indianapolis
195
Southbridge
37
Southbridge
47
Shorewood
507
Carthage
Worcester
Kansas City
40
The Columbus
We are involved in lawsuits
 claims and proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. These matters involve personnel and employment issues
 personal injury
 contract and other proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business
 which have not resulted in any material losses to date. Although we do not expect the outcome of these proceedings to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations
 litigation is inherently unpredictable. Therefore
The information required to be furnished by us under this Part I
 Item 3 (Legal Proceedings) is incorporated by reference to the information contained in Note 12--Commitments and Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II
Item&#160;5.  Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
Our Class A common stock and warrants are currently quoted on NASDAQ under the symbols &#8220;TWNK&#8221; and &#8220;TWNKW
&#8221; respectively. Through November 4
 2016
 our common stock
 warrants
 and units were quoted under the symbols &#8220;GRSH
&#8221; &#8220;GRSHW
&#8221; and &#8220;GRSHU
&#8221; respectively. Upon consummation of the Business Combination
 we separated our units
 which were sold in our IPO
 into their component securities of one share of Class A common stock and one warrant
The following table sets forth the high and low sales prices for shares of our Class A common stock and warrants for the quarterly periods indicated
(1) Our common stock began separate trading on NASDAQ on November 30
 2015. As a result
 the figures             for  the fourth quarter of 2015 are for the period from November 30
 2015 through December 31
(2) Our warrants began separate trading on NASDAQ on November 25
 2015. As a result
 the figures for the fourth quarter of 2015 are for the period from November 25
 2015 through December 31
As of March 8
 2017
On January 9
 2017
 we filed a registration statement on Form S-8
 registering 7
150
000 shares of Class A common stock
 relating to awards to be undertaken in the future
 with such vesting conditions
 as applicable
 to be determined in accordance with the Hostess Brands
 Inc. Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan). The following types of awards can be issued under the Plan:  stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock awards
 restricted stock units
For additional information
Information about unregistered sales of our equity securities is set forth in in Part II
 Item 2 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 6
 2016
 under Item 3.02 of our Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed with the SEC on July 5
 2016
  in Part&#160;II
&#160;Item 2 of our Quarterly Report on Form&#160;10-Q filed with the SEC on August 9
 2016 and in Items 2.01 and 3.02 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 9
The Company did not have any repurchases of common stock for the twelve months ended December 31
In connection with the Business Combination
 we agreed to grant additional shares to certain of the Legacy Hostess Equityholders contingent on the Company attaining certain EBITDA targets for the years ended December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2017. We did not meet the EBITDA target for the year ended December 31
 2016.&#160; At December 31
 2016
 the remaining potential future grants were between zero and 5.5 million shares.&#160; No amounts were accrued at December 31
 2016
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; In addition
 we agreed to grant additional shares to Mr. Metropoulos as part of the Executive Chairman Agreement if certain EBITDA targets are met for the year ending December 31
 2018.&#160; The potential grants range from zero to 2.7 million shares. No amounts were accrued for this earn-out as of December 31
 2016
As of December 31
 2016
37
500
19
000
&#32;per half share
&#32;after the completion of the Business Combination on November 4
&#32;after that date earlier upon redemption or liquidation. Once the warrants become exercisable
&#32;per warrant
&#32;trading day period ending on the third business day before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. The private placement warrants
 however
The following stock price performance graph should not be deemed incorporated by reference by any general statement incorporating by reference this Annual Report on Form&#160;10&#8209;K into any filing under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act
 except to the extent that we specifically incorporate this information by reference
The following stock performance graph compares
 for the period November 30
 2015 (the first day our common stock was traded following our initial public offering) through December&#160;30
 2016 (the last trading day of our fiscal year)
 the cumulative total stockholder return for (1) Company&#8217;s common stock
 (2) the Standard &amp; Poor&#8217;s 500 and (3) the Standard &amp; Poor&#8217;s 500 Packaged Foods and Meats Index. The graph assumes the value of the investment in our common stock and each index was $100.00 on November 30
The following table sets forth our net revenues
As a result of the Business Combination
 we are the acquirer for accounting purposes and Hostess Holdings is the acquiree and accounting predecessor. Our financial statement presentation includes the financial statements of Hostess Holdings as &#8220;Predecessor&#8221; for periods prior to the Closing Date and of us for periods after the Closing Date
 including the consolidation of Hostess Holdings. Also see &#8220;-Item 7. Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Supplemental Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial Information&#8221; for supplemental pro forma combined information for 2016 that gives effect to the Business Combination as if such transaction had been consummated on January 1
From November 4
December 31
From January 1
 2016
Year Ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
December 31
111
615
727
620
554
38
266
315
262
233
(9
122
168
155
119
(16
60
115
88
81
(8
60
82
88
81
(4
3
28
4
4
(4
57
53
84
77
97
97
97
100
&#160;From November 4
 2016 through December 31
&#160;From January 1
 2016 through November 3
&#160;Year&#160;Ended December&#160;31
&#160;Year&#160;Ended December&#160;31
13
102
132
108
(428
(76
17
(91
(232
(31
(296
(9
December 31
December 31
26
64
Property and equipment
153
128
2
847
643
993
1
193
334
(37
November 4
 2016 through 
January 1
 2016 through 
December 31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
31
183
215
177
145
On a pro forma combined basis for 2016
November 4
December 31
January 1
November 3
December 31
December 31
December 31
111
615
727
620
554
73
346
411
355
320
2
2
38
266
315
262
233
2
2
8
47
268
315
264
233
(i) For the Predecessor period January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016
 a special bonus payment of $2.2 million was paid to employees at the bakery facilities as compensation for their efforts in the Business Combination. For the year ended December 31
 2015
(ii) For the Successor period November 4
 2016 through December 31
 2016
 the Company re-measured inventory at fair value at the Business Combination date
Reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA
Adjusted EBITDA and pro forma combined Adjusted EBITDA are defined and explained in more detail in Item 7. Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
 which contains a reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. We believe Adjusted EBITDA and pro forma combined Adjusted EBITDA are non-GAAP financial measures commonly used by securities analysts
 investors and other interested parties in their evaluation of the operating performance of companies in industries similar to ours.  However
Adjusted Gross Profit and Adjusted Gross Margin are non-GAAP financial measures commonly used in our industry
The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties.  Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed below.  Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include
 but are not limited to
We are a United States packaged food company focused on developing
 manufacturing
 marketing
 selling and distributing fresh sweet baked goods virtually coast-to-coast
 providing a wide range of snack cakes
 donuts
 sweet rolls
 snack pies and related products.  We acquired the Hostess brand and certain strategic assets out of the bankruptcy liquidation proceedings of Old Hostess
 its prior owner
 free and clear of all past liabilities
 in April 2013
We have two reportable segments: &#8220;Sweet Baked Goods&#8221; and &#8220;Other&#8221;.  Sweet Baked Goods consists of sweet baked goods that are sold under the Hostess&#174; and Dolly Madison&#174; brands.  Other consists of Hostess&#174; branded bread and buns
 which we launched in April 2015
 frozen retail (which consists of deep-fried Twinkies&#174;
 launched in August 2016) and &#8220;In-Store Bakery
&#8221; or &#8220;ISB&#8221; (which consists of Superior
 which we purchased in May 2016
 and which manufactures and distributes eclairs
 madeleines
 brownies
We generate revenue primarily through selling sweet baked goods and other products under the Hostess&#174; group of brands
 which includes iconic products such as Twinkies&#174;
 Cup Cakes
 Ding Dongs&#174;
 Zingers&#174;
 HoHo&#8217;s&#174; and Donettes&#174; and the Dolly Madison&#174; brand and the Superior on Main&#174; group of products (e.g.
 eclairs
 madeleines
 brownies and iced cookies).  Our product assortment
 which includes snack cakes
 muffins
 donuts and pies
 is sold to customers&#8217; warehouses and distribution centers by the case or in display ready corrugate units.  Our retail customers then display and sell our products to the end consumer in single-serve
 multi-pack or club-pack formats.  We sell our products primarily to supermarket chains
 national mass merchandisers and convenience stores
 along with a smaller portion of our product sales going to dollar stores
Our revenues are driven by average net price and total volume of products sold.  Factors that impact unit pricing and sales volume include product mix
 the cost of ingredients
 the promotional activities implemented by our Company and our competitors
 industry capacity
 product innovation and quality and consumer preferences.  We do not keep a significant backlog of finished goods inventory
Cost of goods sold consists of ingredients
 packaging
 labor
 energy
Our cost of ingredients consists principally of flour
 sweeteners
 edible oils and cocoa
 which are subject to substantial price fluctuations
 as is the cost of paper
 corrugate
 films and plastics used to package our products.  The prices for raw materials are influenced by a number of factors
 including the weather
 crop production
 transportation and processing costs
 government regulation and policies and worldwide market supply and demand.  We also rely on fuel products
 such as natural gas
 diesel
 propane and electricity
 to operate our bakeries and produce our products.  Fluctuations in the prices of the raw materials or fuel products used in the production
 packaging or transportation of our products affect the cost of products sold and our product pricing strategy.  We utilize forward buying strategies through short-term and long-term advance purchase contracts to lock in prices for certain high-volume raw materials
 packaged components and fuel inputs.  Through these initiatives
Our advertising and marketing expenses primarily relate to our advertising campaigns
 which include social media
 radio
 billboard
 print
 online advertising
 local promotional events and monthly agency fees.  We also invest in wire and corrugate displays delivered to customers to display our products off shelf
Selling expenses primarily include sales management
 employment
 travel
 and related expenses
 as well as broker fees.  We utilize brokers for sales support
General and administrative expenses primarily include employee and related expenses for the accounting
 planning
 customer service
 legal
 human resources
 corporate operations
 research and development
 purchasing
 logistics and executive functions.  Also included are professional services relating to our corporate audit and tax fees
 legal fees
 outsourced fees relating to information technology
 transportation planning
The majority of our research and development spend is dedicated to enhancing and expanding our product lines in response to changing consumer preferences and trends and continuing to enhance the taste of our products.  In addition
 our research and development organization provides technical support to ensure that our core products are consistently produced in accordance with our high quality standards and specifications.  Finally
For periods prior to the Business Combination
 related party expenses consisted of the normal annual cash payments associated with our employment arrangements with Mr. Metropoulos as Chief Executive Officer and/or Executive Chairman.  For the Successor Period November 4
 2016 through December 31
 2016
 related party expenses consisted of a grant of stock awarded to Mr. Metropoulos under his new employment arrangements.  Following the consummation of the Business Combination
For the Successor period from November 4
 2016 through December 31
 2016
 Hostess Brands
 Inc. consolidated the financial position and results of operations of Hostess Holdings.  Mr. Metropoulos and the Metropoulos Entities hold their equity investment in us primarily through Class B limited partnership units in the Company&#8217;s subsidiary
 Hostess Holdings (&#8220;Class B Units&#8221;) and an equal number of shares of the Company&#8217;s Class B common stock (&#8220;Class B Stock&#8221;).  Our Class B Stock has voting
 but no economic rights
 while Hostess Holdings&#8217; Class B Units have economic
 but no voting rights.  Each Class B Unit
 together with a share of Class B Stock held by the Metropoulos Entities
 is exchangeable for a share of the Company&#8217;s Class A common stock (or at the option of the Company
 the cash equivalent thereof).  The Company holds 100% of the general partnership interest in Hostess Holdings and a majority of the limited partnership interests
For the Predecessor periods
 Hostess Holdings consolidated the financial position and results of operations of New Hostess Holdco LLC. The portion of New Hostess Holdco
 LLC not owned by Hostess Holdings was recognized as a noncontrolling interest in the Consolidated Financial Statements.  The non-controlling interest presented in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet represents the amount of cash that would be payable to the non-controlling interest holders if the Company were liquidated at book value as of the balance sheet date. The difference between the calculated liquidation distribution amounts at the beginning and the end of the reporting period
On November 18
 2016
 we refinanced our first and second lien term loans (the &#8220;Former First and Second Lien Term Loans&#8221;) into one new first lien term loan in the aggregate principal amount of $998.8 million and with a maturity date of August 3
On June 3
 2016
 we voluntarily recalled approximately 710
000 cases of snack cakes and donuts as a direct result of the recall by our supplier
 Grain Craft
 of certain lots of its flour for undeclared peanut residue. We also destroyed approximately 200
000 cases of product within our possession that were produced using Grain Craft flour. The matter was resolved by mutual agreement of the parties and we recorded a gain of $0.8 million.  As a result
 for the periods reported
On May 10
 2016
 we acquired the stock of Superior for $51.0 million.  The purchase price was subject to working capital and other purchase price adjustments of $0.1 million during the third quarter of 2016
 based on the final closing date working capital amounts.  We have included this amount as part of the total purchase price. Superior is located in Southbridge
 Massachusetts and manufactures eclairs
 madeleines
 brownies
 and iced cookies. We acquired Superior to expand our market and product offerings in the ISB section of grocery and club retailers.  We expect to realize synergies and cost savings related to this acquisition as a result of purchasing and procurement economies of scale and general and administrative expense savings
As a result of the completion of the Business Combination on November 4
 2016
 our Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in the Annual Report are presented:  (i) as of December 31
 2016 and for the period November 4
 2016 to December 31
 2016 (Successor); (ii) for the period January 1
 2016 to November 3
 2016 (Predecessor); and (iii) as of December 31
 2015 and for the years ended December 31
 2015 and December 31
 2014 (Predecessor).&#160; For comparative purposes
 we also present supplemental unaudited pro forma combined Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31
 2016.  See &#8220;-Supplemental Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial Information.&#8221;  In this Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
 we discuss the Predecessor and Successor periods of 2016 on a standalone basis
Results of Operations&#8212;For the periods November 4
 2016 through December 31
 2016 (Successor) and January 1
 2016 through November 3
 November 4
December 31
January 1
November 3
111
615
73
346
2
38
266
5
30
5
25
7
38
2
3
1
7
2
31
26
3
48
143
(9
122
Interest expense
6
60
1
6
62
(16
60
(7
(8
60
Net revenues in the Successor period from November 4
 2016 through December 31
 2016 were 
&#32;for the Predecessor period from January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016.  During the Predecessor period
 the Company acquired Superior on May 10
 2016 and reported net revenues of $19.9 million from Superior from the date of acquisition through November 3
 2016. During the Successor period
In the Successor period
 as a result of the Business Combination
&#32;that was charged to cost of goods sold. Excluding the impact of the inventory fair value step-up
&#32;of net revenues
Gross margin for the Successor period November 4
 2016 through December 31
&#32;of net revenues compared to the Predecessor period from January 1
 2016 through November 3
&#32;of net revenues. Excluding the impact of the inventory fair value step up discussed above
For the Predecessor period January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016
For the Predecessor period January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016
 gross profit
 including the effect of the special employee incentive compensation discussed above
 was 
&#32;of net revenue.  Excluding this item
 gross profit would have been 
For the Successor period November 4
 2016 through December 31
 2016
 gross profit was 
For the Predecessor period January 1
 2016 through November 4
 2016
 advertising and marketing expenses were  
For the Successor period November 4
 2016 through December 31
 2016
 advertising and marketing expenses were  
For the Predecessor period January 1
 2016 through November 4
 2016
 selling expenses were  
For the Successor period November 4
 2016 through December 31
 2016
 selling expenses were  
For the Predecessor period January 1
 2016 through November 4
 2016
 general and administrative expenses were 
 or 
For the Successor period November 4
 2016 through December 31
 2016
 general and administrative expenses were 
For the Predecessor period January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016
For the Predecessor period January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016
 amortization of customer relationships was 
For the Successor period November 4
 2016 through December 31
 2016
 amortization of customer relationships was 
Amortization of customer relationships in the Successor period was significantly higher than in the Predecessor period primarily due to the higher fair value measurement at November 4
 2016 as a result of the Business Combination compared to the overall fair value of the customer relationships in the Predecessor period. There were no significant changes in the nature of the customer relationships
For the Predecessor period January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016
 impairment of property and equipment was 
&#32;of net revenue.  During the Predecessor period
 we closed multiple production lines at our Indianapolis
 Indiana bakery
There were no such impairments in the Successor period November 4
 2016 through December 31
For the Predecessor period January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016
 we recorded a charge for loss on sale/abandonment of property and bakery shutdown costs of  
&#32;of net revenue
 primarily due to utilities
 insurance
 taxes and maintenance expenses related to the Schiller Park
For the Successor period November 4
 2016 through December 31
 2016
For the Predecessor period January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016
 business combination transaction costs were 
&#32;of net revenue. This consisted of professional and legal costs associated with the Business Combination
For the Successor period November 4
 2016 through December 31
 2016
For the Predecessor period January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016
 related party expenses were 
For the Successor period November 4
 2016 through December 31
 2016
 the Company expensed 
&#32;of net revenue
Following the consummation of the Business Combination
For the Predecessor period January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016
 total operating costs and expenses were 
&#32;of net revenue
 and operating income was 
&#32;of net revenue
For the Successor period November 4
 2016 through December 31
 2016
 total operating costs and expenses were 
&#32;of net revenue
Interest Expense
For the Predecessor period January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016
 interest expense
 net was 
For the Successor period November 4
 2016 through December 31
 2016
 interest expense
 net was 
For the Successor period November 4
 2016 through December 31
 2016
. The gain consisted of the write-off of approximately $4.0 million of debt premium and deferred financing costs
For the Predecessor period January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016
 other expense was 
&#32;of net revenue.  This consisted of professional and transactional costs for acquisition activity which has since been abandoned
For the Successor period November 4
 2016 through December 31
 2016
 other expense was 
For the Predecessor period January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016
 as a result of the foregoing
 income before income taxes was 
For the Successor period November 4
 2016 through December 31
 2016
 as a result of the foregoing
For the Predecessor period January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016
 the Company was a series of limited liability companies and
 therefore
 had no tax expense or benefit
 except insignificant amounts for Superior
For the Successor period November 4
 2016 through December 31
 2016
For comparative purposes
 we are presenting a supplemental unaudited pro&#160;forma combined statement of operations for the year ended December&#160;31
 2016
&#32;The unaudited pro forma combined statements of operations for the year ended December 31
 2016 presents our consolidated results of operations giving pro forma effect to the Business Combination as if it had occurred as of January 1
 2016.  The pro forma combined adjustments are based on available information and upon assumptions that our management believes are reasonable in order to reflect
 on a pro forma combined basis
 the impact of these transactions on the historical financial information of our Predecessor and Successor entities
&#32;The Business Combination was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting.  The initial estimated fair values of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities as of the Closing Date
 which are based on the consideration paid and our estimates and assumptions
 are reflected herein.  As explained in more detail in Note 2 in the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 the total purchase price to acquire Hostess Holdings has been allocated to the assets acquired and assumed liabilities of Hostess Holdings
 based upon preliminary estimated fair values at the Closing Date.  We utilized third-party valuation specialists to assist our management in determining the fair values of the acquired assets and liabilities assumed.  As of December 31
 2016
The unaudited pro forma combined financial information contains a variety of adjustments
 assumptions and estimates
 is subject to numerous other uncertainties and the assumptions and adjustments as described in the accompanying notes hereto and should not be relied upon as being indicative of our results of operations had the Business Combination occurred on January&#160;1
 2016.  The unaudited pro forma combined financial information also does not project our results of operations for any future period or date. The unaudited pro forma combined financial information for the year ended December 31
 2016 includes results of the Superior acquisition and its related operations from May 10
 2016
 the date of acquisition
 through December 31
 2016.  We evaluated the impact of the Superior acquisition on the Company&#8217;s financial statements and concluded that the impact was not significant and did not require nor separately warrant the inclusion of pro forma combined financial results assuming the acquisition of Superior at January 1
 2016 under applicable SEC rules and regulations or under GAAP. In addition
 we evaluated the impact of the refinancing of existing debt pursuant to the New First Lien Term Loan
 completed on November 18
 2016
 and concluded that the impact was not significant and did not require nor separately warrant the inclusion of pro forma combined financial results assuming the completion of the refinancing on January 1
For the Year Ended December 31
November 4
 2016 to
January 1
 2016 to
December 31
111
615
727
73
346
(8
411
2
(2
38
266
10
315
5
30
35
5
25
30
7
38
(3
41
2
(2
3
1
20
25
7
7
2
2
31
(31
26
3
(26
3
48
143
44
147
(9
122
55
168
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Interest expense
6
60
(15
51
1
2
6
62
(15
53
(16
60
70
115
(7
40
32
(8
60
30
82
(4
3
29
28
(4
57
53
97
97
97
2
100
The adjustment reflects the incremental depreciation expense associated with the allocation of purchase price to property and equipment and is recorded in cost of goods sold. In addition
 for cost of goods sold
For cost of goods sold
This adjustment consists primarily of legal and professional fees
Represents the effective income tax rate of 28.5% for the Successor
 giving effect to the noncontrolling interest
Results of Operations&#8212;For the Unaudited Pro Forma combined Year Ended December 31
 2016 compared to the Year Ended December 31
December 31
Year Ended December 31
727
620
411
355
2
315
262
35
31
30
29
41
31
1
25
7
2
2
4
3
4
147
106
168
155
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Interest expense
51
50
25
2
(8
53
67
115
88
32
82
88
&#32;for 2016
 an increase of $
 or 
&#32;for 2015
 primarily due to new product launches in 2016 of $44.0 million and contribution of Superior net revenue of $
&#32;brownies
 plus the relaunch of Suzy Qs
 or 
&#32;for the pro forma combined year ended December 31
 2016
&#32;for the year ended December 31
 2015
As a percentage of net revenue
&#32;for the year ended December 31
&#32;for the year ended December 31
 2015. This decrease is due primarily to higher ingredient costs for the year ended December 31
 2015. An outbreak of avian influenza in 2015 led to reduced availability of eggs
&#32;for the year ended December 31
 2016
&#32;for the year ended December 31
 2015
&#32;special employee incentive compensation payment for the year ended December 31
 2015
For the year ended December 31
 2015
&#32;for the year ended December 31
 2016
&#32;for the year ended December 31
 2015
&#32;special employee incentive compensation payment for the year ended December 31
&#32;for 2016
&#32;&#32;for 2015
&#32;special employee incentive compensation payment for the year ended December 31
 2015. The improved gross margin was driven primarily by commodity cost decreases and improved bakery costs.
 
&#32;for the pro forma combined year ended December 31
 2016
&#32;for the year ended December 31
 2015. This increase was primarily attributable to planned expansion of field marketing activities. 
 or 
&#32;for the pro forma combined year ended December 31
 2016
&#32;for the year ended December 31
 2015
 primarily due to increases in sales management expense and broker fees. 
 or 
&#32;for the pro forma combined year ended December 31
 2016
&#32;for the year ended December 31
 2015
For the year ended December 31
 2015
&#32;for the pro forma year ended December 31
 2016
&#32;for the year ended December 31
 2015
For the pro forma combined year ended December 31
 2016
. We closed multiple production lines at the Indianapolis
For the pro forma combined year ended December 31
 2016 and for the year ended December 31
 2015
 we incurred a loss on sale/abandonment of property and equipment and bakery shutdown costs of 
 respectively.
 for the pro forma combined year ended December 31
 2016 and the year ended December 31
 2015
 respectively. Mr. Metropoulos serves as our Executive Chairman and expenses associated with his employment agreements are recorded in related party expenses. Following the consummation of the Business Combination
For the pro&#160;forma combined year ended December 31
 2016
 total operating costs and expenses were 
&#32;for the year ended December 31
 2015.  Operating income increased 
 or 
&#32;for the pro&#160;forma combined year ended December 31
 2016
&#32;for the year ended December 31
Interest Expense
Interest expense
 net
 for the pro forma combined year ended December 31
 2016 increased 
 or 
 compared to the year ended December 31
. On November 18
 2016
For the pro forma combined year ended December 31
 2016
 in connection with the New First Lien Term Loan
.  The gain consisted of the write-off of approximately $4.0 million of debt premium and deferred financing costs
We extinguished the Term Loan dated April 9
 2013 (the &#8220;2013 Term Loan&#8221;) through early principal payments of $343.8 million and $150.0 million on August 3
 2015 and June 4
 2015
 respectively.  As part of this debt extinguishment and in accordance with its contractual terms
 we expensed 2% prepayment penalties of $9.9 million
 as well as $16.0 million of amortization to write-off the remaining deferred financing costs.  For the year ended December 31
 2015
For the pro forma combined year ended December 31
 2016
&#32;which primarily consisted of legal and professional fees related to post-Business Combination activities. For the year ended December 31
 2015
 other income consisted of $12.0 million of proceeds from the sale of foreign trademark rights and certain &#8220;know how&#8221; in certain countries in the Middle East
&#32;for the pro forma combined year ended December 31
 2016
 giving effect to the noncontrolling interest
 a partnership for income tax purposes. For the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company was a series of limited partnerships and
 therefore
Results of Operations&#8212;For the Year Ended December 31
 2015 compared to the Year Ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
620
554
355
320
2
262
233
31
32
29
25
31
33
1
2
13
4
5
4
4
106
114
155
119
Interest expense
50
37
25
(8
67
38
88
81
88
81
464
 or 
&#32;for the year ended December 31
 2015
&#32;for the year ended December 31
 2014
 primarily due to adopting additional trade programs and promotional events to increase volumes.  These incentives
 along with our 2015 innovations and distribution gains
 increased net revenue for the year.
 or 
&#32;for the year ended December&#160;31
 2015
&#32;for the year ended December&#160;31
 2014.  As a percentage of net revenue
&#32;for the year ended December&#160;31
&#32;for the year ended December&#160;31
 2014.  This increase is due primarily to higher ingredient costs for the year ended December&#160;31
 2015.  An outbreak of avian influenza in 2015 led to reduced availability of eggs
Our investments in state-of-the-art baking technologies enabled us to increase production volume and improve operational efficiencies.  These investments and improvements allowed us to close our Schiller Park
 Illinois bakery
For the year ended December 31
 2015
Gross profit for the year ended December 31
 2015 was 
&#32;for the year ended December&#160;31
&#32;special employee incentive compensation discussed above
 gross profit for the year ended December 31
.  As a percentage of net revenue
&#32;in each of the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014.  Excluding the effect of the $2.6 million compensation payment discussed above
&#32;of net revenue for the year ended December 31
&#32;for the year ended December 31
 2015
&#32;for the year ended December 31
 2014
 primarily due to higher field marketing and merchandising costs to reset and check the store inventory on a regular basis
 displays
 and marketing expenses in 2014
 partially offset by the increase in expense for advertising.
 or 
&#32;for the year ended December 31
 2015
&#32;for the year ended December 31
 2015. This increase was primarily due to higher brokerage fee expenses. 
 or 
&#32;for the year ended December 31
 2015
&#32;for the year ended December 31
 2014
 primarily due to lower overall employment costs in the year ended December 31
For the year ended December 31
 2015
 a special bonus payment totaling 
 or 
&#32;for the year ended December 31
 2015
&#32;for the year ended December 31
At December 31
 2015
 we had assets held for sale with a carrying value of $4.0 million.  These are recorded in Other Assets
 net on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.  We recorded impairment expense of 
 for the year ended December 31
 2015
 to write-down the carrying value as determined using the fair value agreed upon in a purchase agreement with a third-party
 dated December 21
 2015
 less estimated closing costs and transaction commissions.  This property consisted of the buildings that formerly operated as our Schiller Park
On October 17
 2014
 we closed our Schiller Park
 Illinois bakery.  During the years ended December 31
 2015 and December 31
 2014
 we incurred expenses associated with the closure and relocation of assets of $1.2 million and $1.4 million
 respectively.  Also
 during the year ended December 31
 2014
&#32;during the year ended December 31
 2015.  Comparatively
 assets at this location were impaired $12.0 million during the year ended December 31
&#32;for the years ended December 31
 2015 and December 31
 2014
 respectively.  Mr. Metropoulos serves as our Executive Chairman and expenses associated with his employment arrangements are recorded to related party expenses.  Following the consummation of the Business Combination
For the year ended December 31
 2015
 total operating costs and expenses were 
&#32;for the year ended December 31
&#32;for the year ended December&#160;31
 2015
&#32;for the year ended December&#160;31
Interest Expense
For the year ended December 31
 2015
 we incurred debt fees of $14.7 million in connection with the Former First Lien Term Loan
 funded with the gross proceeds of the loan.  These fees were capitalized and recorded as deferred finance charges on the consolidated balance sheet.  These debt fees are amortized and recognized as interest expense utilizing the effective interest method over the life of the loan.  Interest expense from the Former First Lien Term Loan debt fee amortization was $0.9 million for the year ended December 31
 2015.  We also recorded a contractual interest obligation of $17.5 million for the year ended December 31
For the year ended December 31
 2015
 we incurred debt fees of $6.3 million in connection with the Former Second Lien Term Loan
 funded with gross proceeds of the loan.  These fees were capitalized and recorded as deferred finance charges on the consolidated balance sheet.  These debt fees are amortized and recognized as interest expense utilizing the effective interest method over the life of the loan.  Interest expense from the Former Second Lien Term Loan debt fee amortization was $0.3 million for the year ended December 31
 2015.  We also recorded a contractual interest obligation of $10.7 million for the year ended December 31
Interest on the 2013 Term Loan was paid quarterly at a rate of the greater of the applicable LIBOR or 1.25% per annum (LIBOR FLOOR) plus an applicable margin of 5.50% per annum or the base rate plus an applicable margin of 4.5% per annum.  The total weighted average interest rate charged on the Term Loan during the year ended December 31
 2015 and for the year ending December 31
 2014
 was 6.75% per annum.  The final interest payment was made on August 3
 2015
 when the 2013 Term Loan was paid off in full.  We incurred debt fees of $22.7 million in connection with the 2013 Term Loan
 funded with gross proceeds.  These fees were capitalized and recorded as deferred finance charges on the consolidated balance sheet.  These debt fees were amortized and recognized as interest expense utilizing the effective interest method over the life of the loan.  Interest expense from the 2013 Term Loan debt fee amortization was $1.9 million for year ended December 31
 2015 and $3.3 million for the year ended December 31
 2014.  We also recorded and paid a contractual interest obligation of $18.2 million for the year ended December 31
 2015.  The contractual interest obligation paid for the year ended December 31
 2014
We also expensed 2% prepayment penalties of $6.9 million and $3.0 million as part of the 2013 Term Loan&#8217;s early extinguishment in August 2015 and June 2015
 respectively
 in accordance with its contractual terms.  In addition
 $15.2 million of amortization was expensed for the year ended December 31
 2015
We extinguished the 2013 Term Loan through early principal payments of $343.8 million and $150.0 million on August 3
 2015 and June 4
 2015
 respectively.  As part of this debt extinguishment and in accordance with its contractual terms
 we expensed 2% prepayment penalties of $9.9 million
 as well as $16.0 million of amortization to write-off the remaining deferred financing costs.  For the year ended December 31
 2015
For the year ended December 31
 2015
 other (income) expense consists primarily of proceeds of $12.0 million from an April 16
 2015 sale of foreign trademark rights and perpetual irrevocable licenses to certain &#8220;know how&#8221; in certain countries in the Middle East
For the Predecessor periods we were a series of limited liability companies and
 therefore
 had no tax liability for federal income taxes in the Predecessor years ended December 31
 2015 and December 31
 2014.  Income was taxed to the ultimate owners based on their proportionate share of the Company&#8217;s taxable income.  Therefore
 no provision or liability for income taxes was made in the respective financial statement periods at the federal level.  We also do not believe we were subject to significant state income taxes.  Therefore
Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure commonly used in our industry and should not be construed as an alternative to net income&#160;as an indicator of operating performance or as an alternative to cash flow provided by operating activities as a measure of liquidity (each as determined in accordance with GAAP).  Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies.  We have included Adjusted EBITDA because we believe it provides management and investors with additional information to measure our performance and liquidity
We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income adjusted to exclude (i) interest expense
 net
 (ii) depreciation and amortization and (iii) as further adjusted to eliminate the impact of certain items that we do not consider indicative of our ongoing operating performance.  These further adjustments are itemized below.  You are encouraged to evaluate these adjustments and the reasons we consider them appropriate for supplemental analysis.  In evaluating Adjusted EBITDA
Adjusted EBITDA has important limitations as an analytical tool
 and you should not consider it in isolation
 or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. For example
does not reflect our capital expenditures
does not reflect changes in
 or cash requirements for
does not reflect the significant interest expenses
 or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments
Our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA does not exclude the normal annual cash payments associated with our employment arrangements with Mr. Metropoulos as the Chief Executive Officer and/or Executive Chairman.  These amounts were $0.1 million for the Successor period November&#160;4
 2016 to December&#160;31
 2016
 $4.2 million for the Predecessor period January&#160;1
 2016 to November&#160;3
 2016; $3.6 million for the pro&#160;forma combined year ended December 31
 2016; $4.3 million for the year ended December 31
 2015 (Predecessor); and $4.5 million for the year ended December 31
 2014 (Predecessor).  Following completion of the Business Combination
The Company&#8217;s Proxy Statement dated October 21
 2016 respecting its November 3
 2016 special meeting at which stockholders approved various items related to the acquisition of Hostess contained certain projections for 2016 provided by Hostess Holdings
 L.P. to the Company in connection with the Company&#8217;s consideration of the acquisition. These projections presented Adjusted EBITDA
 consistent with the transaction agreement
 excluding related party expenses associated with the employment arrangements with C. Dean Metropoulos. The Company&#8217;s presentation of Adjusted EBITDA did not exclude such related party expenses
 which were $3.6 million for the year ending December 31
 2016. In addition
 the projected Adjusted EBITDA included $2.0 million estimated pro forma adjusted EBITDA from Superior&#8217;s results prior to its acquisition in May 2016
 which are not included in Adjusted EBITDA as presented by the Company. The projected Adjusted EBITDA for 2016 included in the proxy statement of $220.4 million
 adjusted for these two items
 would have been $214.8 million
November 4
 2016 through 
January 1
 2016 through 
December 31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
(8
60
82
88
81
(7
32
Interest expense
6
60
51
50
37
25
5
10
36
9
7
26
3
1
1
2
(8
31
7
7
2
13
2
2
4
5
8
4
3
31
183
215
177
145
For the Successor period November 4
 2016 through December 31
 2016 and pro forma combined year ended December 31
 2016
 we recorded a gain on extinguishment of Former First Lien of $0.8 million
 which consisted of penalties of $3.0 million
 the write-off of deferred financing costs of $0.2 million net of debt premium write-offs of approximately $4.0 million. For the year ended December 31
 2015 (Predecessor)
 we recorded a loss on extinguishment related to our 2013 Term Loan of $25.9  million
For the Successor period November 4
 2016 through December 31
 2016
For the Successor period November 4
 2016 through December 31
 2016
 we recorded expenses of $0.8 million which primarily consisted of legal and professional fees and other post-Business Combination costs such as fees related to securities filings. For the Predecessor period from January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016
 other expense consisted of transaction costs attributable the pursuit of a potential acquisition that has since been abandoned
 offset partially by a gain from the settlement of the Grain Craft peanut recall matter of approximately $0.8 million. For the year ended December 31
 2015
 other income consisted of $12.0 million of proceeds from the sale of foreign trademark rights and certain &#8220;know how&#8221; in certain countries in the Middle East
 partially offset by $3.3 million for professional service fees related to the pursuit of a potential sale transactions. For the year ended
 December 31
 2014
For the Predecessor period from January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016
For the period January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016
 and for the pro forma combined year ended December 31
 2016
 we closed multiple production lines at the Indianapolis
For the period January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016
 and for the pro forma combined year ended December 31
 2016
  we incurred a loss on a sale/abandonment of property and bakery shutdown costs of $0.3 million
 primarily due to utilities
 insurance
 taxes and maintenance expenses related to the Schiller Park
 Illinois bakery. In addition
For the Successor period November 4
 2016 through December 31
 2016
 we re-measured inventory at fair value at the Closing Date
For the Predecessor period January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016
 a special bonus payment of $2.5 million and $2.2 million was paid to employees at the bakery facilities and corporate employees
 respectively
 as compensation for their efforts in the Business Combination. For the year ended December 31
 2015
 a special bonus payment of $2.6 million and $1.3 million was paid to employees at the bakery facilities and corporate employees
 respectively
We have two reportable segments: &#8220;Sweet Baked Goods&#8221; and &#8220;Other&#8221;.  Sweet Baked Goods consists of sweet baked goods that are sold under the Hostess&#174; and Dolly Madison&#174; brands.  Other consists of Hostess&#174; branded bread and buns
 which we launched in April 2015
 frozen retail (which consists of deep-fried Twinkies&#174;
 launched in August 2016) and &#8220;In-Store Bakery
&#8221; or &#8220;ISB&#8221; (which consists of Superior
 which we purchased in May 2016
 and manufactures and distributes eclairs
 madeleines
 brownies
November 4
 2016
January 1
 2016
Year Ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
101
569
609
554
10
46
10
111
615
620
554
36
252
258
233
2
14
3
38
266
262
233
7
31
27
56
7
31
27
56
November 4
 2016
January 1
 2016
December 31
December 31
Sweet baked goods revenues tend to be moderately seasonal
 with declines during the early winter period
&#32;&#32;On May 10
 2016
 we acquired the stock of Superior for $51.0 million
 including cash. The purchase price was subject to working capital and other purchase price adjustments as described in the stock purchase agreement. We paid working capital and other purchase price adjustments of $0.1 million during the third quarter of 2016
 based on the final closing date working capital amounts
 and have included this amount as part of the total purchase price. Superior is located in Southbridge
 Massachusetts and manufactures eclairs
 madeleines
 brownies
 and iced cookies. We acquired Superior to expand our market and product offerings in the &#8220;In-Store Bakery&#8221; section of grocery and club retailers. We expect to realize synergies and cost savings related to this acquisition as a result of purchasing and procurement economies of scale and general and administrative expense savings
Our primary sources of liquidity are from the cash on the balance sheet
 availability under our Revolver (as discussed below) and future cash flow generated from operations. We believe that cash flows from operations and the current cash and cash equivalents on the balance sheet will be sufficient to satisfy the anticipated cash requirements associated with our existing operations for at least the next 12 months. Our ability to generate sufficient cash from our operating activities depends on our future performance
 which is subject to general economic
 political
 financial
 competitive and other factors beyond our control. In addition
 our future capital expenditures and other cash requirements could be higher than we currently expect as a result of various factors
 including any expansion of our business that we undertake
We had working capital
 excluding cash and restricted cash
 as of December 31
 2016 and December 31
&#32;(Predecessor)
 respectively. We have the ability to borrow under our Revolver to meet obligations as they come due. As of December 31
 2016
 we had approximately $97.2 million available for borrowing
 net of letters of credit
Cash flows provided by operating activities for the Successor period November 4
 2016 through December 31
&#32;and for the Predecessor period January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016 were  
&#32;(Predecessor) for the years ended December 31
 2015 and December 31
 2014
Cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities for the period November 4
 2016 through December 31
&#32;for the period January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016  (Predecessor)
&#32;(Predecessor) for the years ended December 31
 2015
 and 2014
&#32;for the period November 4
 2016 through December 31
&#32;for the period January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016 (Predecessor)
&#32;for the years ended December 31
 2015
 and 2014
Our property and equipment capital expenditures primarily consisted of strategic growth initiatives
&#32;for the acquisition of Superior
 net of cash acquired
 in the Predecessor period January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016. For the year ended December 31
 2015
&#32;(Predecessor) for  2016
&#32;(Predecessor) for the years ended December 31
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively. In November 2016
 we extinguished the Former  Second Lien Term Loan through early principal payments which accounted for the primary use of cash used in financing activities for the Successor period. In June 2015 and August 2015  the Predecessor extinguished the 2013 Term Loan through early principal payments. In the period January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016
 and in the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Predecessor paid distributions of 
 
 and 
 respectively
 to partners
 and 
&#32;to non-controlling interest
 respectively. There were no such distributions in the year ended December 31
On November 18
 2016
 we refinanced the Former First and Second Lien Term Loans with the New First Lien Term Loan.  The Company must repay the New First Lien Term Loan on the last day of each March
 June
 September and December
 commencing on March 31
 2017
 in an amount equal to 0.25% of the aggregate New First Lien Term Loan principal amount with the remainder to be repaid with a balloon payment on its maturity date of August 3
Interest on the New First Lien Term Loan is paid quarterly at a rate of the greater of the federal funds rate plus an applicable margin
 the prime rate
 the applicable LIBOR or 1.00% per annum (LIBOR FLOOR) plus an applicable margin.  The interest rate charged to the Company on the New First Lien Term Loan from the refinancing on November 18th until December 31
 2016 was 4.00% per annum.  Prior to the debt refinancing
 the interest rates for the Former First and Second Lien Term Loans were 4.5% and 8.5%
In connection with the Business Combination
&#32;were capitalized as part of the refinancing.  Lender debt discount costs
 premium
&#32;(Successor) for the period ended December 31
On August 3
 2015
 through a subsidiary
 we entered into a Revolving Credit Agreement (the &#8220;Revolver&#8221;) that provides for borrowings of up to $100.0 million. The Revolver has a stated maturity date of August 3
 2020 and is secured by liens on substantially all of Hostess Brands&#8217; present and future assets
Interest on borrowings under the Revolver is
 at our option
We have not borrowed any funds under the Revolver as of December 31
 2016. See Note 13 -- Commitments and Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for information regarding the letters of credits
Deferred finance charges of $1.8 million (Predecessor) were paid in securing the Revolver and were capitalized and recorded as a reduction to long-term debt and capital lease obligations in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. These debt fees were amortized and recognized as interest expense utilizing the straight-line method over the life of the Revolver until the Business Combination. Interest expense from the Revolver debt fee amortization was $0.3 million (Predecessor) for the ended December 31
 2016
 respectively
 and $0.1 million for the&#160; year ended December 31
As of December 31
 2016
 $998.8 million aggregate principal amount of New First Lien Term Loans and $2.8 million aggregate principal amount of letters of credit
 reducing the amount available under the Revolver
As of December 31
 2016
As of December 31
 2016
 the Company has commitments and contingencies for debt
 operating leases
 and advance purchase commitments. Refer to Note 12--Commitments and Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II
998
9
988
223
39
183
Corporate office lease (Kansas City
Corporate office lease (Dallas
79
71
8
11
8
3
1
313
129
1
184
The preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States requires the use of judgment
 estimates and assumptions. We make such subjective determinations after careful consideration of our historical performance
 management&#8217;s experience
Our significant accounting policies are detailed in Note 1 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. The following areas are the most important and require the most difficult
The Company offers various sales incentive programs to customers and consumers
 such as feature price discounts
 in-store display incentives
 cooperative advertising programs
 new product introduction fees
 and coupons. The mix between promotion programs
 which are classified as reductions in revenue in the Statement of Operations
 and advertising or other marketing activities
 which are classified as marketing and selling expenses in the Statement of Operations
 fluctuates between periods based on the Company&#8217;s overall marketing plans
 and such fluctuations have an impact on revenues. These trade programs also require management to make estimates about the expected total cost of the programs and related allocations amongst participants (who might have different levels of incentives based on various program requirements). These estimates are inherently uncertain and are generally based on historical experience
When evaluating goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment
 under U.S. GAAP the Company may first perform an assessment of qualitative factors to determine if the fair value of the reporting unit or the intangible asset is more-likely-than-not greater than the carrying amount. Such qualitative factors include
 but are not limited to
 macro-economic conditions
 market and industry conditions
 cost considerations
 competitive environment
 share price fluctuations
 overall financial performance and results of past impairment tests. If
 based on a review of the qualitative factors
 the Company determines it is not more-likely-than-not that the fair value is less than the carrying value
 the Company may bypass the two-step quantitative impairment test. The first step (&#8220;Step 1&#8221;) of the quantitative impairment test calculates the estimated fair value of each of the reporting units and compares it to the carrying value. If the fair value is in excess of the carrying value
 no impairment exists. If Step 1 does indicate impairment
 a second step (&#8220;Step 2&#8221;) must take place. Under Step 2
 the fair value of the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit are estimated as if the reporting unit were acquired in a business combination. The excess of the fair value of the reporting unit over the amounts assigned to its assets and liabilities is the implied fair value of the goodwill
In performing the quantitative test of goodwill
 the Company primarily uses the income approach method of valuation that included the discounted cash flow method as well as other generally accepted valuation methodologies to determine the fair value of goodwill and intangible assets. Significant assumptions used to determine fair value under the discounted cash flow model included future trends in sales
 operating expenses
 overhead expenses
 capital expenditures and changes in working capital
In the process of the Company's annual impairment review of the trade names
 the Company primarily uses the relief of royalty method under the income approach method of valuation. Significant assumptions used to determine fair value under the relief of royalty method included future trends in sales
We account for acquisitions using the purchase method of accounting.  Assets acquired
 liabilities assumed
 and non-controlling interests are recorded at their estimated fair values at the acquisition date.  The excess of purchase price over fair value of the net assets acquired
 including the amount assigned to identifiable intangible assets
 is recorded as goodwill.  Given the time it takes to obtain pertinent information to finalize the acquired company&#8217;s balance sheet
 it may be multiple quarters before we are able to finalize those initial fair value estimates.  Accordingly
The Tax Receivable Arrangement generally provides for the payment by the Company to the Legacy Hostess Equityholders of 85% of the net cash savings
 if any
 in U.S. federal
 state and local income tax that the Company actually realizes (or is deemed to realize in certain circumstances) in periods after the closing of the Business Combination (which periods may extend
 unless the Tax Receivable Agreement is terminated early in accordance with its terms
 for more than 15 years following any exchange of Class B Units of Hostess Holdings for shares of the Company&#8217;s Class A common stock or the cash equivalent thereof) as a result of (i) certain increases in tax basis resulting from the Business Combination; (ii) certain tax attributes of Hostess Holdings and its subsidiaries existing prior to the Business Combination; (iii) certain increases in tax basis resulting from exchanges of Class B Units; (iv) imputed interest deemed to be paid by the Company as a result of payments it makes under the Tax Receivable Agreement; and (v) certain increases in tax basis resulting from payments the Company makes under the Tax Receivable Agreement. The Company will retain the benefit of the remaining 15% of these cash savings. Certain payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be made to Legacy Hostess Equityholders in accordance with specified percentages
 regardless of the source of the applicable tax attribute. The most significant estimate utilized by management to calculate the corresponding liability is the Company&#8217;s future cash tax savings rates
Our First Lien Term Loan and Revolver each bear interest on outstanding borrowings thereunder at variable interest rates
 as more fully described in &#8220;Item&#160;7.  Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Liquidity and Capital Resources - Long-term Debt.&#8221;  The rate in effect at December 31
 2016 for the outstanding First Lien Term Loan was a LIBOR-based rate of 4.00% per annum.  At December 31
 2016
 the subsidiary borrower had $97.25 million available for borrowing
 net of letters of credit of $2.75 million
 under its Revolver. At December 31
 2016
 the subsidiary borrower had an aggregate principal balance of $998.75 million outstanding under the First Lien Term Loan.  Increases in market interest rates would cause interest expense to increase and earnings before income taxes to decrease.  The change in interest expense and earnings before income taxes would be dependent upon the weighted average outstanding borrowings during the reporting period following an increase in market interest rates. An increase or decrease in applicable interest rates of 1% would result in an increase or decrease in interest payable approximately $1.2 million for the year ended December&#160;31
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2016 (Successor) and December 31
Consolidated Statements of Operations from November 4
 2016 through December 31
 2016 (Successor)
 and from January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016 (Predecessor)
 and the years ended December 31
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&#8217; Equity from November 4
 2016 through December 31
 2016 (Successor)
 and Partners&#8217; Equity (Deficit) from January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016 (Predecessor)
 and the years ended December 31
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows from November 4
 2016 through December 31
 2016 (Successor)
 and from January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016 (Predecessor)
 and the years ended December 31
Hostess Brands
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Hostess Brands
 Inc. and&#160;subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31
 2016
 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 stockholders&#8217; equity
 and cash flows for period November 4
 2016 through December 31
 2016.  We have also audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Hostess Holdings
 L.P. and subsidiaries as of December 31
 2015
 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 partners&#8217; equity (deficit)
 and cash flows for the period January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016 and the years ended December 31
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Hostess Brands
 Inc. and&#160;subsidiaries as of December 31
 2016
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the period November 4
 2016 through December 31
 2016
 in conformity with U.S.&#160;generally accepted accounting principles. It is also our opinion that the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Hostess Holdings
 L.P. and subsidiaries as of December 31
 2015
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the period January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016 and the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
Kansas City
March&#160;14
HOSTESS BRANDS
(Dollars in thousands
December 31
December 31
26
64
4
Accounts receivable
89
68
30
25
4
6
151
168
Property and equipment
153
128
17
Intangible assets
1
946
263
588
56
1
Other assets
7
7
2
847
643
11
9
34
28
4
36
29
21
21
103
92
993
1
193
165
353
17
1
616
1
303
&#160;&#160;Class A Common Stock (Successor)
 $0.0001 par value
 200
000
000 shares authorized
 98
250
&#160;&#160;Class B Common Stock (Successor)
 $.0001 par value
 50
000
000 shares authorized 31
704
912
(15
897
(622
334
(37
2
847
643
HOSTESS BRANDS
(Dollars in thousands
 November 4
December 31
January 1
November 3
Year Ended December 31
December 31
111
615
620
554
73
346
355
320
2
2
38
266
262
233
5
30
31
32
5
25
29
25
7
38
31
33
2
1
3
1
7
2
13
2
4
5
31
26
3
4
4
48
143
106
114
(9
122
155
119
Interest expense
6
60
50
37
25
1
(8
6
62
67
38
(16
60
88
81
(7
(8
60
88
81
(4
3
4
4
(4
57
84
77
97
97
HOSTESS BRANDS
Hostess Holdings
Balance &#8211; January 1
135
38
173
(3
(2
(6
60
16
77
4
Balance &#8211; December 31
191
53
245
4
(533
(419
(952
(46
1
64
20
84
4
Balance &#8211; December 31
(276
(346
(622
(37
(9
(13
(23
(1
1
1
3
28
28
57
3
Balance &#8211; November 3
(255
(329
(584
(35
Hostess Brands
Balance&#8211;November 4
97
589
29
870
901
(11
889
326
(4
(4
(4
Share&#8209;based compensation
 net income taxes of $3
2
496
5
5
17
661
(661
6
6
(6
Tax receivable agreement arising from exchanges
Balance&#8211;December 31
98
250
31
704
912
(15
897
334
HOSTESS BRANDS
November 4
December 31
January 1
November 3
Year Ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
(8
60
88
81
5
10
9
7
7
2
13
2
3
3
(3
16
26
3
1
2
3
3
(19
(1
(8
8
(2
(5
(1
(1
(1
(11
33
10
4
(7
2
4
4
7
13
102
132
108
(6
(28
(25
(51
Acquisition of business
(421
(49
4
5
(42
42
1
(2
(2
(3
(428
(76
17
(91
(217
(6
(498
(3
1
225
(13
(1
(22
(23
(952
(6
(1
(46
(232
(31
(296
(9
(646
(5
(145
7
673
64
209
202
26
58
64
209
68
34
34
1
HOSTESS BRANDS
On November 4
 2016 (the &#8220;Closing Date&#8221;)
 Hostess Brands
 Inc. (f/k/a Gores Holdings
 Inc.)
 referred to below as the &#8220;Company&#8221;
 consummated a business combination (the &#8220;Business Combination&#8221;) pursuant to the certain Master Transaction Agreement (the &#8220;Master Transaction Agreement&#8221;)
 by and among Gores Holdings
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (&#8220;Gores Holdings&#8221;)
 Homer Merger Sub
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation which was a wholly-owned subsidiary of Gores Holdings at the time of the mergers described below (&#8220;Company Merger Sub&#8221;)
 AP Hostess Holdings
 L.P.
 a Delaware limited partnership (&#8220;AP Hostess LP&#8221;) affiliated with Apollo Global Management
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company (&#8220;Apollo&#8221;)
 Hostess CDM Co-Invest
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company (&#8220;Hostess CDM Co-Invest&#8221;) controlled by Mr. C. Dean Metropoulos (&#8220;Mr. Metropoulos&#8221;)
 CDM Hostess Class C
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company (&#8220;CDM Hostess&#8221;) controlled by Mr. Metropoulos
 and AP Hostess LP
 in its capacity as the sellers&#8217; representative thereunder
 which provided for: (i) the mergers of: (A) Hostess Management
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company (&#8220;Hostess Management&#8221;)
 owned
 directly or indirectly
 by certain of the Legacy Hostess Equityholders (as defined below) and certain members of Hostess&#8217; management
 with and into Hostess Holdings
 L.P.
 a Delaware limited partnership owned
 directly or indirectly
 by certain of the Legacy Hostess Equityholders (&#8220;Hostess Holdings&#8221;)
 with Hostess Holdings continuing as the surviving entity; (B) Company Merger Sub with and into AP Hostess Holdings
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (&#8220;AP Hostess Holdings&#8221;) and wholly-owned subsidiary of AP Hostess LP
 with AP Hostess Holdings continuing as the surviving entity; and (C) immediately thereafter
 the merger of AP Hostess Holdings with and into Gores Holdings
 with Gores Holdings continuing as the surviving entity; and (ii) the purchase by Gores Holdings of certain of the limited partnership interests in Hostess Holdings held by certain of the Legacy Hostess Equityholders as well as all ownership interests in Hostess Holdings GP
 LLC (&#8220;Hostess GP&#8221;). In connection with the closing of the Business Combination
 Gores Holdings
 Inc. changed its name to &#8220;Hostess brands
 Inc.&#8221; and its trading symbol on the NASDAQ from &#8220;GRSH
&#8221;&#8220;GRSHU&#8221; and &#8220;GRSHW
Unless the context otherwise requires
 &#8220;we&#8221;
 &#8220;us&#8221;

<font style=font-family:Calibri
<font style=font-family:Calibri
<font style=font-family:Calibri

&lt;div style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company has one customer that accounted for 10% or more of the Company&amp;#8217;s net revenues. The weighted percent of net revenues for this customer is presented below by segment:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:99.89806320081549%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:17%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:21%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:20%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:15%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:19%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:13px;text-indent:-14px;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;text-decoration:underline;&gt;(% of Net Revenues)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Calibri
sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;text-decoration:underline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Calibri
&lt;div style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;font-size:10.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10.5pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Segment Reporting&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company has &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;two&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; reportable segments: Sweet Baked Goods and Other. The Company&amp;#8217;s Sweet Baked Goods segment consists of sweet baked goods that are sold under the Hostess&amp;#174; and Dolly Madison&amp;#174; brands. Other consists of Hostess&amp;#174; branded bread and buns, which we launched in April 2015, frozen retail (which consists of deep-fried Twinkies&amp;#174;, launched in August 2016) and &amp;#8220;In-Store Bakery,&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;ISB&amp;#8221; (which consists of Superior, which we purchased in May 2016, and manufactures and distributes eclairs, madeleines, brownies, and iced cookies in the ISB section of grocery and club retailers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company evaluates performance and allocates resources based on net revenue and gross profit. Information regarding the operations of these reportable segments is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:99.89806320081549%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=17 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:40%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:12%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:12%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:12%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:12%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;padding-left:13px;text-indent:-14px;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;text-decoration:underline;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;From November 4, 2016&lt;br clear=none/&gt;through December 31, 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;From&lt;br clear=none/&gt;January 1,&lt;br clear=none/&gt;2016&lt;br clear=none/&gt;through November 3, 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Year Ended December 31, 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Year Ended December 31, 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(Successor)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(Predecessor)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(Predecessor)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(Predecessor)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Net revenue:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:24px;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Sweet Baked Goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;101,319&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-right:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;569,086&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;609,895&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;554,695&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:24px;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;10,679&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-right:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;46,502&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;10,920&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:24px;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Net revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;111,998&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-right:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;615,588&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;620,815&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;554,695&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:3px double #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-right:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:3px double #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:3px double #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:3px double #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;Depreciation &amp;amp; amortization: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-right:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:24px;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;Sweet Baked Goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;5,245&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-right:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;9,221&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;9,836&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;7,113&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:24px;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;598&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;1,044&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:24px;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Depreciation &amp;amp; amortization &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;5,843&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;10,265&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;9,836&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;7,113&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-right:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Gross profit:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-right:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:24px;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Sweet Baked Goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;36,524&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-right:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;252,432&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;258,248&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;233,932&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:24px;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;2,190&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-right:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;14,097&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;3,955&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:24px;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;38,714&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-right:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;266,529&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;262,203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;233,932&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:3px double #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-right:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:3px double #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:3px double #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:3px double #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Capital expenditures (1):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-right:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:24px;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Sweet Baked Goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;7,544&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-right:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;31,254&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;27,252&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;56,452&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:24px;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;83&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-right:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;223&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:24px;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;7,627&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;31,477&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;27,252&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;56,452&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:4px;text-align:justify;padding-left:72px;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Calibri
&lt;div style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;font-size:10.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10.5pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Summary of Significant Accounting Policies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10.5pt;font-weight:bold;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Basis of Presentation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On November 4, 2016 (the &amp;#8220;Closing Date&amp;#8221;), Hostess Brands, Inc. (f/k/a Gores Holdings, Inc.), referred to below as the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;, consummated a business combination (the &amp;#8220;Business Combination&amp;#8221;) pursuant to the certain Master Transaction Agreement (the &amp;#8220;Master Transaction Agreement&amp;#8221;), by and among Gores Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (&amp;#8220;Gores Holdings&amp;#8221;), Homer Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation which was a wholly-owned subsidiary of Gores Holdings at the time of the mergers described below (&amp;#8220;Company Merger Sub&amp;#8221;), AP Hostess Holdings, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (&amp;#8220;AP Hostess LP&amp;#8221;) affiliated with Apollo Global Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (&amp;#8220;Apollo&amp;#8221;), Hostess CDM Co-Invest, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (&amp;#8220;Hostess CDM Co-Invest&amp;#8221;) controlled by Mr. C. Dean Metropoulos (&amp;#8220;Mr. Metropoulos&amp;#8221;), CDM Hostess Class C, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (&amp;#8220;CDM Hostess&amp;#8221;) controlled by Mr. Metropoulos, and AP Hostess LP, in its capacity as the sellers&amp;#8217; representative thereunder, which provided for: (i) the mergers of: (A) Hostess Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (&amp;#8220;Hostess Management&amp;#8221;), owned, directly or indirectly, by certain of the Legacy Hostess Equityholders (as defined below) and certain members of Hostess&amp;#8217; management, with and into Hostess Holdings, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership owned, directly or indirectly, by certain of the Legacy Hostess Equityholders (&amp;#8220;Hostess Holdings&amp;#8221;), with Hostess Holdings continuing as the surviving entity; (B) Company Merger Sub with and into AP Hostess Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (&amp;#8220;AP Hostess Holdings&amp;#8221;) and wholly-owned subsidiary of AP Hostess LP, with AP Hostess Holdings continuing as the surviving entity; and (C) immediately thereafter, the merger of AP Hostess Holdings with and into Gores Holdings, with Gores Holdings continuing as the surviving entity; and (ii) the purchase by Gores Holdings of certain of the limited partnership interests in Hostess Holdings held by certain of the Legacy Hostess Equityholders as well as all ownership interests in Hostess Holdings GP, LLC (&amp;#8220;Hostess GP&amp;#8221;). In connection with the closing of the Business Combination, Gores Holdings, Inc. changed its name to &amp;#8220;Hostess brands, Inc.&amp;#8221; and its trading symbol on the NASDAQ from &amp;#8220;GRSH,&amp;#8221;&amp;#8220;GRSHU&amp;#8221; and &amp;#8220;GRSHW,&amp;#8221; to &amp;#8220;TWNK&amp;#8221; and &amp;#8220;TWNKW&amp;#8221;. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Unless the context otherwise requires, &amp;#8220;we&amp;#8221;, &amp;#8220;us&amp;#8221;, our&amp;#8221;
 and the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;
 refer
 for periods prior to the completion of the Business Combination
 to Hostess Holdings and its subsidiaries and
 for periods after the completion of the Business Combination
 to Hostess Brands
 Inc. and its subsidiaries
 including Hostess Holdings and its subsidiaries. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8220;Apollo Funds&amp;#8221; refer to the funds managed by affiliates of Apollo Global Management
 LLC that continue to hold an equity stake in the Company
 and &amp;#8220;Metropoulos Entities&amp;#8221; refer to Mr. Metropoulos and entities controlled by him that continue to hold an equity stake in the Company. &amp;#8220;Legacy Hostess Equityholders&amp;#8221; refer to the Apollo Funds and Metropoulos Entities
 collectively. Subsequent to the Business Combination
 the Legacy Hostess Equityholders held a portion of the Company's common stock. In addition
 the Metropoulos Entities retained a significant interest in Hostess Holdings. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our &amp;#8220;Sponsor&amp;#8221; refers to Gores Sponsor
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company and our principal stockholder prior to the Business Combination
 and the &amp;#8220;The Gores Group&amp;#8221; refers to The Gores Group LLC
 an affiliate of our Sponsor. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:justify;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As a result of the Business Combination
 for accounting purposes
 the Company is the acquirer and Hostess Holdings is the acquiree and accounting predecessor. The financial statement presentation includes the financial statements of Hostess Holdings as &amp;#8220;Predecessor&amp;#8221; for periods prior to the Closing Date and of the Company for periods after the Closing Date
 including the consolidation of Hostess Holdings. Under the terms of its limited partnership agreement
 all voting rights for Hostess Holdings are held by Hostess GP and are separate from the economic interests held by the Company and certain Legacy Hostess Equityholders. This separation of voting rights and economic interests causes Hostess Holdings to be considered a variable interest entity (a &amp;#8220;VIE&amp;#8221;). As the Company owns all of the interests in Hostess GP
 as well as a majority of the common units of Hostess Holdings
 it has both the power to direct all the activities of Hostess Holdings
 and substantial economic risks and rewards from Hostess Holdings performance. As such
 the Company is considered to be the primary beneficiary of Hostess Holdings
 and consolidates it.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:justify;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Descr&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;i&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;ption of Business&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company is a Delaware corporation headquartered in Kansas City
 Missouri. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively
 the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;). The Company is one of the largest packaged food companies focused on developing
 manufacturing
 marketing
 selling and distributing fresh sweet baked goods in the United States. The Hostess brand dates to 1919 when the Hostess CupCake was introduced to the public
 followed by Twinkies in 1930. In 2013
 the Legacy Hostess Equityholders acquired the Hostess brand out of the bankruptcy liquidation proceedings of its prior owners
 free and clear of all past liabilities. After a brief hiatus in production
 the Company began providing Hostess products to consumers and retailers across the nation in July 2013. By combining Hostess&amp;#8217; beloved brands&amp;#8217; established reputation with an innovative business model
 the Company rapidly recaptured market share. Hostess
 America&amp;#8217;s Original Snack Cake
 has been an iconic American brand for generations. Today
 the Company produces a variety of new and classic treats under the Hostess&amp;#174; and Dolly Madison&amp;#174; group of brands
 including Twinkies&amp;#174;
 CupCakes
 Ding Dongs&amp;#174;
 HoHos&amp;#174;
 Donettes&amp;#174; and Fruit Pies.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gores Holdings was originally incorporated in Delaware on June 1
 2015 as a special purpose acquisition company (SPAC)
 formed for the purpose of effecting a merger
 capital stock exchange
 asset acquisition
 stock purchase
 reorganization
 or other similar business combination with one or more target businesses. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On May 10
 2016
 the Predecessor purchased the stock of Superior Cake Products
 Inc. (&amp;#8220;Superior&amp;#8221;) located in Southbridge
 Massachusetts. Superior manufactures and distributes eclairs
 madeleines
 brownies
 and iced cookies sold in the &amp;#8220;In-Store Bakery&amp;#8221; section of grocery and club retailers.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In the Consolidated Statements of Operations
 amortization of customer relationships (previously within general and administrative) have been presented separately from general and administrative in the current year presentation
 with conforming reclassifications made for the prior period presentation. In the Consolidated Balance Sheets
 customer trade allowances (previously netted as an allowance against trade accounts receivable) are presented in current liabilities
 with conforming reclassifications made for the prior period presentation. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Business Combination was accounted for as a business combination under the scope of the Financial Accounting Standards Board&amp;#8217;s Accounting Standards Codification 805
 Business Combinations
 or ASC 805. In addition
 pursuant to ASC 810
 Consolidations
 or ASC 810
 the Company has determined that Hostess Holdings
 a limited partnership
 is a VIE.   The Company determined there are neither any applicable scope exceptions from the consolidation guidance under ASC 810 nor any VIE scope exceptions in ASC 810 applicable to Hostess Holdings. Furthermore
 it was determined that the Company is the primary beneficiary of the VIE and
 therefore
 the accounting acquirer under ASC 805. The Company determined that
 through Hostess GP
 it has the power to direct all of the activities of Hostess Holdings
 with no substantive kick-out rights or participating rights by the limited partners individually or as a group. Hostess Holdings constitutes the majority of the assets of the Company. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The acquisition of Hostess Holdings constitutes the acquisition of a business for purposes of ASC 805
 and due to the change in control
 has been accounted for using the acquisition method. Under the acquisition method
 the acquisition-date fair value of the gross consideration paid by the Company to effect the Business Combination is allocated to the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values including Hostess GP&amp;#8217;s variable interest in Hostess Holdings. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company has &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;two&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; reportable segments: Sweet Baked Goods and Other.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Principles of Consolidation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The consolidated financial statements included herein have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (&amp;#8220;U.S. GAAP&amp;#8221;) and the rules and regulations of Securities and Exchange Commission (&amp;#8220;SEC&amp;#8221;). The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its majority-owned or controlled subsidiaries
 collectively referred to as either Hostess or the Company. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;For the Successor period from November 4
 2016 through December 31
 2016
 Hostess Brands
 Inc. consolidated the financial position and results of operations of Hostess Holdings.  Mr. Metropoulos and the Metropoulos Entities hold their equity investment in us primarily through Class B limited partnership units in the Company&amp;#8217;s subsidiary
 Hostess Holdings (&amp;#8220;Class B Units&amp;#8221;) and an equal number of shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s Class B common stock (&amp;#8220;Class B Stock&amp;#8221;).  Our Class B Stock has voting
 but no economic
 rights
 while Hostess Holdings&amp;#8217; Class B Units have economic
 but no voting
 rights.  Each Class B Unit
 together with a share of Class B Stock held by the Metropoulos Entities
 is exchangeable for a share of the Company&amp;#8217;s Class A common stock (or at the option of the Company
 the cash equivalent thereof).  The Company holds &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;100%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the general partnership interest in Hostess Holdings and a majority of the limited partnership interests
 and consolidates Hostess Holdings in the Company&amp;#8217;s Consolidated Financial Statements.  The interest of the Metropoulos Entities in Hostess Holdings&amp;#8217; Class B Units is reflected in our Consolidated Financial Statements as a noncontrolling interest. The noncontrolling interest was recorded at fair value at November 4
 2016 as a result of the Business Combination. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;For the Predecessor periods
 Hostess Holdings consolidated the financial position and results of operations of New Hostess Holdco LLC. The portion of the New Hostess Holdco
 LLC not owned by Hostess Holdings was recognized as a noncontrolling interest in the Consolidated Financial Statements.  The non-controlling interest presented in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet represents the amount of cash that would be payable to the non-controlling interest holders if the Company were liquidated at book value as of the balance sheet date. The difference between the calculated liquidation distribution amounts at the beginning and the end of the reporting period
 is the share of the earnings or losses allocated to non-controlling interest for the period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements for the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Management utilizes estimates
 including
 but not limited to
 valuation and useful lives of tangible and intangible assets
 shipments in-transit
 reserves for trade and promotional allowances
 insurance recoveries and other costs related to the voluntary product recall
 workers&amp;#8217; compensation and self-insured medical claims. Actual results could differ from these estimates. Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform with current year presentation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Management Profits Interest Plan (Predecessor)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Predecessor established a profits interest plan under the 2013 Hostess Management
 LLC Equity Incentive Plan (&amp;#8220;Plan&amp;#8221;) to allow members of the management team to participate in the success of the Predecessor. This Plan consisted of an approximate &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; ownership interest in Hostess Management. Hostess Management had &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;three&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; classes of units and required certain returns to ranking classes before other classes participated in subsequent returns of the Predecessor. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Hostess Management was authorized to issue class A units to Hostess Holdings members
 class B units to management
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;916
096&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; class C units to Mr. Metropoulos. In March 2016
 as a result of the second amendment to the Hostess Management
 LLC Agreement
 the number of units authorized for grant increased for each of the class A and B units from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
282
534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
652
759&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; units and therefore
 Hostess Management&amp;#8217;s ownership interest in the Predecessor increased from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in exchange for the issuance of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;370
225&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; class A units to Hostess Holdings members. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On March 18
 2016
 class B units
 in the amount of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;593
630&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 were granted to certain members of management. The units vest at a rate of one-fifth at approximately the end of each year
 or at the management member&amp;#8217;s anniversary employment date
 over &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 provided the participant remained employed with the Predecessor. The unit value of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$4.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per share was used to estimate the fair value of the class B units and was based upon a contemporaneous valuation reflecting market conditions on March 18
 2016. The total estimated grant date fair value was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Predecessor recognized unit-based compensation expense of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; during the years ended December 31
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively
 within general and administrative and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$3.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of expense was recognized from January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016 (Predecessor)
 within general and administrative including &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$3.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of expense due to a grant agreement provision which caused the accelerated vesting of units granted prior to January 1
 2016 upon consummation of the Business Combination and the accelerated vesting of units granted in 2016 based on the approval of the board of directors.  This provision was triggered by the consummation of the Business Combination.  All units were redeemed and the Plan was terminated on November 4
 2016.  As of December 31
 2016
 there were no outstanding units.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table represents the non-vested class B unit activity for the period ended November 3
 2016:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:center;padding-left:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:461px;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:189px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:129px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:4px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:6px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:122px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:4px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=padding-bottom:16px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(Predecessor)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Units&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=padding-bottom:16px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Weighted &lt;br clear=none/&gt;Average &lt;br clear=none/&gt;Grant Date&lt;br clear=none/&gt;Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Beginning balance at January 1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;368
332&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;2.87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;593
630&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;4.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(50
845&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;1.61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Redeemed&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(911
117&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(3.84&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Nonvested at November 3
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2015
 distributions were available to class B and class C unit holders in excess of the units&amp;#8217; vested balances. These distributions were held by Hostess Management within restricted cash and were paid to the unit holders when they vested under the terms of each holder&amp;#8217;s respective agreement. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;At December 31
 2015
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$21.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of deferred partner distributions were due to class B and class C unit holders
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;of which &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$4.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was current
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$17.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was long-term. All deferred partner distributions were paid on November 4
 2016 from restricted cash concurrent with the Business Combination. The funding of the restricted cash is included within distributions to non-controlling interest in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as a financing activity.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Employee Benefit Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company provides several benefit plans for employees depending upon employee eligibility. The Company has a health care plan
 a defined contribution retirement plan (401(k))
 company-sponsored life insurance
 and other benefit plans. The health care plan
 available to all full-time employees
 is self-insured by the Company. Amounts contributed to the health care plan by the Company
 totaled approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$6.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for the Predecessor period from January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for the Successor period from November 4
 2016 through December 31
 2016. Comparatively
 for the years ended December 31
 2015
 and 2014
 the Company contributed &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$5.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$5.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company offers an annual incentive plan based upon operating targets. Final payout is approved by the board of directors. The Company has accrued &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$5.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; at December 31
 2016 (Successor) and December 31
 2015 (Predecessor)
 respectively. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company has also instituted a long-term incentive plan for certain director-level employees
 payment under which is contingent on changes in certain ownership levels.  Amounts paid in the year ended December 31
 2015 and the Predecessor period from January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016 are reported as special employee incentive compensation in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. The total that could be payable due to any future qualifying changes in ownership levels under the plan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt;is&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt;$2.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; as of December 31
 2016. In accordance with U.S. GAAP
 the Company does not carry an accrual for the long-term incentive plan.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less when purchased as cash equivalents and are recorded at cost.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Under the Company&amp;#8217;s cash management system
 checks that have been issued and are out of the control of the Company
 but which have not cleared the bank by the balance sheet date
 are reported as a reduction of cash.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accounts receivable represents amounts invoiced to customers for goods that have been received by the customer. As of December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
 the Company&amp;#8217;s accounts receivable was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$89.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$68.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 which have been reduced by a reserve to cover allowances for damages occurring during shipment
 quality claims and doubtful accounts in the amount of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. In addition
 there are customer trade allowances of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$36.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$29.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; at December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015 in current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market on a first-in first-out basis. The Company estimates its costs for ingredients
 packaging
 direct labor and overhead prior to the beginning of each period for the Company&amp;#8217;s expected production costs for its various products.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Abnormal amounts of idle facility expense
 freight
 handling costs
 and wasted material (spoilage) are expensed in the period they are incurred.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The components of inventories are as follows&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:62.99694189602446%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:65%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:15%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:15%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;padding-left:13px;text-indent:-14px;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;text-decoration:underline;&gt;(In&amp;#160;thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 31
&lt;br clear=none/&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(Successor)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(Predecessor)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Ingredients and packaging&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;12
712&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;12
353&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;14
229&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;10
054&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Inventory in transit to customers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;3
503&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;2
723&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;30
444&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;25
130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;padding-top:4px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;At the acquisition date
 a third party valuation specialist conducted analyses in order to assist our management in determining the fair values of the acquired assets and liabilities assumed during the Business Combination. The property and equipment acquired in the transaction were assigned useful lives for purposes of depreciation that the Company believes to be the useful life of such assets. Additions to property and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated straight line over estimated useful lives of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years for buildings and land improvements and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years for machinery and equipment. In order to maximize the efficiency of the Company&amp;#8217;s operations and to operate the acquired equipment
 occasionally the Company will remove and relocate equipment between bakeries. Such removal and relocation costs are expensed as incurred. Reinstallation costs are capitalized if the useful life is extended or the equipment is significantly improved. Otherwise
 reinstallation costs are expensed as incurred. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense when incurred. Expenditures for major renewals and betterments
 which extend the useful lives of existing property and equipment
 are capitalized and depreciated.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Upon retirement or disposition of property and equipment
 the capitalized cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the balance sheet and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;From January 1 through November 3
 2016
 the Predecessor closed multiple production lines at the Indianapolis
 Indiana bakery and transitioned production to other facilities. The Predecessor recorded an impairment loss of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$7.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 related to equipment that the Company had idled
 or which otherwise qualified for impairment. The measurement of this loss was considered to be based on Level 3 inputs within the fair value measurement hierarchy as defined in the accounting guidance. Level 3 fair values were determined using management&amp;#8217;s best estimate of fair value for assets that were idled and written-down to salvage value. Assets that the Predecessor no longer intended to use were retired. Gains and losses on the disposal of assets are recorded as the difference between the net proceeds received and net carrying values of the assets disposed and are presented within loss on sale/abandonment of property and equipment and bakery shutdown costs in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Software Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Costs associated with computer software projects during the preliminary project stage are expensed as incurred. Once management authorizes and commits to funding a project
 appropriate application development stage costs are capitalized. Capitalization ceases when the project is substantially complete and the software is ready for its intended use. Upgrades and enhancements to capitalized software are capitalized when such enhancements are determined to provide additional functionality. Training and maintenance costs associated with software applications are expensed as incurred. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Included in the caption &amp;#8220;Other assets&amp;#8221; in the Consolidated Balance Sheets is capitalized software in the amount of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$7.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$6.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; at December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Capitalized software costs are amortized over their estimated useful life of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;five years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; commencing when such assets are ready for their intended use. Software amortization expense included in general and administrative was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; from January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016 (Predecessor) and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for November 4
 2016 through December 31
 2016 (Successor)
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; (Predecessor)
 for the year ended December 31
 2015 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for the year ended December 31
 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Bakery Shutdown Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Bakery shutdown costs are considered to be non-recurring activities an entity undertakes when it closes a facility
 or terminates a significant process related to operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On October 17
 2014
 the Predecessor closed its Schiller Park
 Illinois bakery and completed the sale of the bakery in May 2016. For the period January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016
 the Company incurred &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; (Predecessor) in bakery shutdown costs associated with utilities
 insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes related to the assets that were held for sale. For the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company incurred &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in bakery shutdown costs associated with the closure and relocation of assets
 and assets held for sale were fair valued and included in other assets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fair Value Measurements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company utilizes valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs to the best extent possible. The Company determines fair value based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability in the principal or most advantageous market. When considering market participant assumptions in fair value measurements
 the following fair value hierarchy distinguishes between observable and unobservable inputs

 either directly or indirectly
 for substantially the full term of the asset or liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:16px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:45px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:11pt;padding-left:76px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:53.333333333333336px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:11pt;text-indent:-53.333333333333336px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level 3 inputs: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability used to measure fair value to the extent that observable inputs are not available
 thereby allowing for situations in which there is little
 if any
 market activity for the asset or liability at measurement date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value is defined as the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The Company estimates that the carrying amount of its financial instruments reasonably approximates fair value. At December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
 the approximate fair value of the Company&amp;#8217;s debt was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.0 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.2 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. The fair value is calculated using current interest rates and pricing from financial institutions (Level 2 inputs). &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Goodwill and Intangible Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:9px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;At December 31
 2016
 the goodwill balance of  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$588.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; represents the excess of the amount the Successor paid for the Business Combination over the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Goodwill that resulted from the Business Combination was allocated to the Sweet Baked Goods segment and the Other segment. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:9px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;At December 31
 2015 the goodwill balance of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$57.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; represents the excess of the amount the Predecessor paid for the business over fair value of the assets acquired
 resulting from the formation of the Predecessor in 2013. Goodwill that resulted from the 2013 acquisition was allocated to the Sweet Baked Goods segment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:9px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s indefinite-lived intangible assets consist of trademarks and trade names. The &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.4 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; balance at December 31
 2016 was recognized as part of the Business Combination. The &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.3 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; balance at December 31
 2015 resulted from the formation of the Predecessor in 2013. The trademarks and trade names are integral to the Company&amp;#8217;s identity and are expected to contribute indefinitely to its corporate cash flows. Fair value for trademarks was determined using the income approach
 which is considered to be Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. The application of the income approach was premised on a royalty savings method
 whereby the trademark is valued by reference to the amount of royalty income it could generate if it was licensed
 in an arm&amp;#8217;s&amp;#8209;length transaction
 to a third-party. These assets have been assigned an indefinite life and therefore are not amortized but rather evaluated for impairment annually.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Also
 the Company has definite-lived intangible assets that consist of customer relationships. The &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$538.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; balance on December 31
 2016 was recognized as part of the Business Combination. The &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$8.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; balance at December 31
 2015
 resulted from the formation of the Predecessor in 2013. For customer relationships
 the application of the income approach was premised on an excess earnings method
 whereby the customer relationships are valued by the earnings expected to be generated from those customers after other capital charges. Definite-lived intangible assets are being amortized on a straight&amp;#8209;line basis over the estimated remaining useful lives of the assets. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s policy is to perform an impairment analysis ea&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt;ch year as of September 30.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Reserves for Self-Insurance Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s employee health plan is self-insured by the Company up to a stop-loss amount of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for each participant per plan year. In addition
 the Company maintains insurance programs covering its exposure to workers&amp;#8217; compensation. Such programs include the retention of certain levels of risks and costs through high deductibles and other risk retention strategies. Reserves for the Company&amp;#8217;s retained exposures are estimated for reported but unpaid losses
 as well as incurred but not reported losses
 and are calculated based upon actuarially determined loss development factors
 expected long-term medical cost trend rates
 future administrative costs
 and other assumptions considered by management
 including assumptions provided by external insurance brokers
 consultants
 and actuaries. The factors and assumptions used for estimating reserves are subject to change based upon experience
 changes in expected cost and inflation trends
 discount rates
 and other factors. Adjustments to previously established reserves are included in operating results in the period of adjustment. Included in the accrued expenses in the Consolidated Balance Sheets is a reserve for healthcare claims in the amount of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; at December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
 respectively
 and a reserve for workers&amp;#8217; compensation claims of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; at December 31
 2016 and December&amp;#160;31
 2015
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:10px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company invoices at the time of shipment of its product
 but only recognizes revenue upon delivery to retail customers and distributors as the Company arranges freight and is generally responsible
 along with the Company&amp;#8217;s common carriers
 for any damage that occurs during transportation. The Company allows retail customers and distributors to return product that is damaged or defective at the time of delivery. A provision for payment discounts and product return allowances
 which is estimated based upon the Company&amp;#8217;s historical performance
 management&amp;#8217;s experience and current economic trends
 is recorded as a reduction of sales in the same period that the revenue is recognized. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:10px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s products are sold on credit terms established in accordance with industry practice
 which typically requires payment within 30 days of invoice date. Trade promotions
 consisting primarily of customer pricing allowances and merchandising funds
 and consumer coupons are offered through various programs to customers and consumers. Sales are recorded net of estimated trade promotion spending
 which is recognized as incurred at the time of sale. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:10px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company participates in a number of promotional activities including
 but not limited to
 offering rebates for achieving various performance levels
 offering incentives for product placement locations in retail stores
 offering pricing discounts for those customers electing to provide their own transportation for shipment of product and offering subsidies for advertising placed by customers. In lieu of accepting returns
 the Company offers an allowance for anticipated expired and damaged products to certain customers. The ultimate cost of these programs depends on retailer performance and is the subject of significant management estimates. The Company records as expense the estimated ultimate cost of the program in the period during which the program occurs. In accordance with the authoritative guidance for revenue recognition
 the cost of these programs is classified in the Consolidated Statements of Operations as a reduction of net sales. Also
 in accordance with the guidance
 coupon redemption costs are also recognized as reductions of net revenues when issued. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company has one customer that accounted for 10% or more of the Company&amp;#8217;s net revenues. The weighted percent of net revenues for this customer is presented below by segment:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:99.89806320081549%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:17%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:21%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:20%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:15%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:19%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:13px;text-indent:-14px;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;text-decoration:underline;&gt;(% of Net Revenues)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Calibri,sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;text-decoration:underline;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Calibri,sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;From&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;November 4
 2016&lt;br clear=none/&gt;through December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;From&lt;br clear=none/&gt;January 1
 2016&lt;br clear=none/&gt;through November 3
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Year Ended&lt;br clear=none/&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Year Ended Year Ended&lt;br clear=none/&gt;December 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(Successor)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-right:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(Predecessor)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(Predecessor)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(Predecessor)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Sweet Baked Goods &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;19.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-right:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;20.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;21.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;24.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Other &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-right:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;20.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-right:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;21.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;21.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;24.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Cost of Goods Sold&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cost of goods sold consists of ingredients
 packaging
 labor
 energy
 other production costs and warehousing and transportation costs for the distribution of product to customers. The cost of ingredients and packaging represent the majority of the Company&amp;#8217;s total costs of products sold. All costs that are incurred at the bakeries are included in cost of goods sold. The Company does not allocate any corporate functions into cost of goods sold.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Advertising and Marketing Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Advertising and marketing costs
 through both national and regional media
 are expensed in the period in which the advertisements are run. These costs totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$5.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for the period November 4 through December 31
 2016 (Successor)
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$30.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for the period January 1 through November 3
 2016
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$32.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$32.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014 (Predecessor)
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Predecessor acquired Superior
 a Subchapter C corporation  in May 2016. As a result of its form of organization
 Superior is subject to income taxes
 which are reflected in the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial statements. Historically
 the Predecessor had not recorded an income tax provision because it was a series of limited liability companies and income was taxed to the ultimate owners based on their proportionate share of the Predecessor&amp;#8217;s taxable income. The Company recorded income tax expense (benefit) of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$(7.8) million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; (Successor) and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; (Predecessor) on pretax book income (loss) of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$(16.2) million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; (Successor) and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$60.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; (Predecessor) for the year ended December 31
 2016. For the Successor period
 the rate is higher than the U.S. statutory rate of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 primarily due to the reversal of a previously recorded valuation allowance and state and local income taxes. For the Predecessor
 the rate is lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; because the majority of the Company&amp;#8217;s income was earned through the limited liability companies
 which are considered pass through for tax purposes. &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As a result of the Business Combination
 Hostess Brands
 Inc. acquired a controlling interest in Hostess Holdings
 which is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal and most applicable state and local income tax purposes. As a partnership
 Hostess Holdings is not directly subject to U.S. federal and certain state and local income taxes. Any taxable income or loss generated by Hostess Holdings is passed through to and included in the taxable income or loss of its partners
 including the Company following the Business Combination
 on a pro rata basis. The Company is subject to U.S. federal income taxes
 in addition to state and local income taxes with respect to its allocable share of any taxable income of Hostess Holdings following the Business Combination.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Contingencies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company is involved in various lawsuits
 claims and proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Management records an estimate to accrue for loss contingencies if it believes it is probable that a liability was incurred as of the date of the financial statements and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;See Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies to these consolidated financial statements for related disclosures.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;New Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In March 2016
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221;) No.&amp;#160;2016-09
 Compensation&amp;#8212;Stock Compensation (Topic 718)
 Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting (&amp;#8220;ASU 2016-09&amp;#8221;)
 which is intended to improve financial reporting about share-based payment transactions. This guidance simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment awards to employees including accounting for income taxes
 forfeitures
 statutory tax withholding requirements and classification in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 will be effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted. The Company has early adopted ASU 2016-09 as of October 1
 2016 and does not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-09 to have a material impact on its consolidated financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#160;2016-02
 Leases (&amp;#8220;ASU 2016-02&amp;#8221;)
 which is intended to improve financial reporting about leasing transactions. This standard requires a lessee to record on the balance sheet the assets and liabilities for the rights and obligations created by lease terms of more than 12&amp;#160;months. This standard will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December&amp;#160;15
 2019
 including interim periods within those fiscal years
 and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of ASU 2016-02 will have on its consolidated financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In November 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17
 Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes (&amp;#8220;ASU 2015-17&amp;#8221;)
 which requires that deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as noncurrent in a classified balance sheet.  This standard is effective for annual and interim periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016.  The standard allows for either prospective or retrospective transition and early adoption is permitted.  The Company has early adopted ASU 2015-17 as of December 31
 2015
 however the standard does not have a material impact to the Company&amp;#8217;s historical presentation of current and non-current deferred tax assets and liabilities within the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated balance sheet due to the predecessor company being a non-taxable pass-through partnership which had zero net deferred tax assets and liabilities recorded.  The early adoption impacted the current and non-current presentation of deferred tax assets and liabilities within the consolidated balance sheet of December 31
 2016
 but did not affect the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated statement of operations.    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In February 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-2
 &amp;#8220;Consolidation (Topic 820): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis.&amp;#8221; ASU 2015-2 provides a revised consolidation model for all reporting entities to use in evaluating whether they should consolidate certain legal entities. All legal entities will be subject to reevaluation under this revised consolidation model. The revised consolidation model
 among other things
 (i) modifies the evaluation of whether limited partnerships and similar legal entities are voting interest entities
 or VIEs
 (ii) eliminates the presumption that a general partner should consolidate a limited partnership and (iii) modifies the consolidation analysis of reporting entities that are involved with VIEs through fee arrangements and related party relationships. ASU 2015-2 is effective for fiscal years
 and interim reporting periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2015.  Under the ASU
 Hostess Holdings is a variable interest entity of the Company and will therefore be included in the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial statements.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In September 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-16
 Business Combinations (Topic 805)&amp;#8212;Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments (&amp;#8220;ASU 2015-16&amp;#8221;). The standard requires that an acquirer recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. ASU 2015-16 eliminates the requirement to retrospectively account for those adjustments. ASU 2015-16 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2015
 with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted this pronouncement as of the beginning of 2016 and the adoption of this pronouncement did not impact the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In April 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03
 Interest-Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30)&amp;#8212;Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs (&amp;#8220;ASU 2015-03&amp;#8221;)
 which requires debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments in this standard. ASU 2015-03 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2015 and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company adopted ASU 2015-03 as of the beginning of 2016 and changed the presentation of its debt issuance costs for the term loan notes by reclassifying the amounts from deferred finance charges to long-term debt
 net
 in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company adopted ASU 2015-03 on a retrospective basis for debt issuance costs related to its term loans. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)
 (&amp;#8220;ASU 2014-09&amp;#8221;)
 which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. The ASU will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in U.S. GAAP when it becomes effective. On July 9
 2015
 the FASB decided to delay the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one year. The new standard is effective for the Company on January 1
 2019. Companies may elect to adopt this application as of the original effective date for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2016. The standard permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. In March 2016 and April 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08 and ASU No. 2016-10
 respectively
 which clarifies the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations and also identifies performance obligations and the licensing implementation guidance
 while retaining the related principles for those areas. Based on the analysis conducted to date
 the Company does not believe the impact upon adoption will be material to its consolidated financial statements. The Company plans to adopt the standard in the first quarter of 2019 under the cumulative effect transition method. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The planned adoption dates for all standards not yet implemented are based on the Company&amp;#8217;s current classification as an Emerging Growth Company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (JOBS Act). If this classification changes


000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of Class A common stock and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;50
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of Class B common stock.  As of December 31
 2016
 there were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;98
250
917&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;31
704
988&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:13px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock have identical voting rights.  However
 shares of Class B common stock do not participate in earnings or dividends of the Company.  Ownership of shares of Class B common stock is restricted to owners of Class B units in Hostess Holdings. Class B units in Hostess Holdings may be exchanged (together with the cancellation of an equivalent number of shares of Class B common stock) by the holders thereof for
 at the election of the Company
 shares of Class A common stock or the cash equivalent of such shares.  From November 4
 2016 through December 31
 2016 (Successor) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;661
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; Class B units in Hostess Holdings along with an equivalent amount of shares of Class B common stock were exchanged for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;661
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of  Class A common stock.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:13px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As of December 31
 2016
 there were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;37
500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; public warrants and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; private placement warrants outstanding. Each warrant entitles its holder to purchase one half of one share of our Class A common stock at an exercise price of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$5.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per half share
 to be exercised only for a whole number of shares of our Class A common stock. The warrants became exercisable &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30 days&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; after the completion of the Business Combination on November 4
 2016 and expire &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;five years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; after that date
 or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. Once the warrants become exercisable
 the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants at a price of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per warrant
 if the last sale price of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock equals or exceeds &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$24.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per share for any &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; trading days within a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; trading day period ending on the third business day before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. The private placement warrants
 however
 are nonredeemable so long as they are held by our Sponsor or its permitted transferees.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:13px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Prior to the Business Combination
 Gores Holdings had &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;46
875
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of common stock issued and outstanding
 consisting of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;37
500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares originally sold as part as part of the Gores Holdings&amp;#8217; initial public offering (the &amp;#8220;IPO&amp;#8221;) consummated on June 1
 2015 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
375
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; Founder Shares that were issued to the Sponsor prior to the IPO.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:13px;text-align:justify;text-indent:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;All of the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;37
500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of common stock sold as part of the IPO contained a redemption feature which allowed for the redemption of such shares.  This redemption provision generally required Gores Holdings to classify these shares outside of permanent equity
 at its redemption value of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per share.  Prior to the Business Combination
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
168
404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares were reclassified to equity as shareholders waived their redemption rights.  In connection with the Business Combination
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares were redeemed
 the remaining &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35
331
596&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; redeemable shares were reclassified to equity and the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
375


 2017
 the Company voluntarily recalled its Holiday White Peppermint Twinkies because of a recall by Blommer Chocolate Company of the confectionary coating used on the  product. The confectionary coating contained milk powder ingredients recalled by Valley Milk Products
 LLC due to a concern of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Salmonella&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; contamination. Although it is too early to estimate the total cost of the recall

	

 including
 but not limited to
 valuation and useful lives of tangible and intangible assets
 shipments in-transit
 reserves for trade and promotional allowances
 insurance recoveries and other costs related to the voluntary product recall












































        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        













































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    




    


    

 Managing Member or General Partner



    


    
    


    
    


    


    




    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    









 unused capacity


 Unused Capacity



    




    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    














    
    


    
    


    
    










    
    




    
    


    
    


    




    

 Unamortized Discount (Premium) and Debt Issuance Costs



    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    

 Interest Rate



    

 Interest Rate









    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Balance Sheet Grouping


 Balance Sheet Grouping



    




    


    
    


    


    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    










    


    


    






    




    




    




    


    






    




    


    
    


    
    


    

 Goods



    
    


    






    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    






    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    


    




    




    
    


    




    




    








    
    








    
    
    


    
    


    




    

 Consideration Transferred



    

 Consideration Transferred


 Consideration Transferred



    









 Consideration Transferred



    

 Acquisition of Less than 100 Percent
 Noncontrolling Interest



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired
 Goodwill
 and Liabilities Assumed



    


    
    


    


    




    
    


    






    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    

 Plant









    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Long-term Capital Lease Obligations



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    




    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    






    






    
    


    
















    






    






    






    






    






    






    






    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    




    










    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    






    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    






    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    






    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    






    

 Property



    




    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    

 Shares



    




    




    




    

 Shares
 Share-based Compensation




 net income taxes of $3


 Value
 Share-based Compensation



    

 Shares



    

 Value











    


    


    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    












    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    

 Deferred Tax Asset
 Increase (Decrease)



    


    
    


    









 Change in Ownership


 Change in Ownership



    




    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


















    




    




    

 Shares



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    

 Award Vesting Rights



    




    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period


 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period



    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    




    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    




    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    




    


    




    


    




    










    
    


    

 Raw Materials and Supplies



    

 Finished Goods



    

 In Transit


 In Transit



    




    
    
    


    












    


    
    
    


    








    

 Provisional Information
 Initial Accounting Incomplete
 Adjustment



    




    

 Pro Forma Information
 Revenue of Acquiree since Acquisition Date



    

 Pro Forma Information
 Earnings or Loss of Acquiree since Acquisition Date



    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    








    




    









 Equity Interest Issued or Issuable



    




    

 Equity Interest Issued or Issuable



    
    






    


    
    


























    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    






    


    

 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate



    
    


    

 Future Minimum Payments Due



    




    




    




    




    




    




    






    

 Amortization Expense



    

 Amortization Expense



    

 Amortization Expense



    

 Amortization Expense



    

 Amortization Expense



    

 Amortization Expense



    

















 Shares







    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    


    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

 Maximum Annual Claims Per Employee


 Maximum Annual Claims Per Employee



    




    




    

 Accrued Liabilities
 and Other Liabilities Disclosure



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    




    


    





 Net



    


    




    







 Plant and Equipment



    






    


    

 Line of Credit Arrangements









    


    
    


    




    


    




    




    






    




    




    


    
    
    


    




    

 Classified



    
    


    
    


    

 Value



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    




    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    






    




    


    




    




    




    






    






    






    
    
    


    






    






    




    




    




    
    
    


    




    
    
    









 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    
    


    
    











 Plant and Equipment



    

 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant







    
    











 Tax Receivable Agreement from Exchanges


 Tax Receivable Agreement from Exchanges









    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    






    

 Non-Option Equity Instruments



    

 Shares



    






    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    





 State and Local Income Taxes



    

 Noncontrolling Interest Income (Loss)



    

 Tax Exempt Income



    

 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance



    

 Other Adjustments



    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options


 Equity Instruments Other than Options







    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Redemptions in Period


 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Redemptions in Period







    
    
    


    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Assets



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Assets



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Property
 Plant



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Intangible Assets



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Liabilities


 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Liabilities



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Liabilities



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed


 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    


    


    
    
    


    
    
    





 Excluding Workers Compensation Reserve


 Excluding Workers Compensation Reserve



    


    





 management fees


 Management Fees and Other


 Management Fees and Other



    


    






    



 Notes


 Notes




 Notes


 Notes



    








    










    
    
    








    
    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    










    
    








    
    
    


    
    


    

 Damages Sought



    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    






    
    


    


    
    


    




    
    


    




    




    




    




    






    




    




    




    

 Plant and Equipment



    




    




    




    




    




    
    


    




    




    




    




    




    




    


    


    

 Plant and Equipment



    


    


    


    

 Value
 Share-based Compensation


 Value
 Share-based Compensation



    


    

 Value
 Share-based Compensation



    

 Future Minimum Payments Due



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    








































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 draft1hostess_chart-00691.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#^_BBBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHZ5\077[6GBS7OVIK[X_?X%^
OB3X(


_&U@_A7Q

 /OJBOF+]GS]

M3H/B?X?^)?%O@[Q/X5\5Z)=7

M\%0?@P][8Z_XN\?%3X?_ GQCI7Q_P!8^$G[1GB/3/UY\-_BC8_LR:+XO\

#R:!9:

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH




:KJ/@KP'I/P
M\\*W&GZEXAM;*U\1ZAXCN].GO;+3C^C5%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !

_'&
MD^
O!\4GAB;P0EYXA_2&OS*_:*_9:^._[2O[1/@.R\8W?P
TO]G?X3^/?@U^
MT!\.OBEIGPPO7_:D\)^.?AI\0M\3ZI\(_!OCVY^)$]CX5T7QJ?2)XW^(VF

W[+GBKX-OX$TWX

$_B'1?6H(^DI\P0?\%1HM0T[]J7Q-H7P2N==\)_M_V:
MK7]FF_M_B%86=[^U1-^U'\6/&G[/OPPUJ&&Z\.&Q^&7@;Q3\:O!MQ9^%_%
E


7+NQU?

_$5_$7Q/GTS]G+X=_$WXP65U\0_AYJ?A+PYX9T2/XX

M'?Q)IGC&ZUS7];\;W7Q(\7ZGXATV/4O%.O:1!X#6P@TJX@^4;;_@E-XH\3_#
MGPO^S+\5OCCHNN_LK?!?P?\ M*^#/@9X?\)?#NXT'XJQZ=^T1\-OB;\&M#D^

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BC/;U_S_
M )'U]#10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444A('7\NI/T Y/X4 +7%?$?QUIOPR\ ^
OB'K&



#H7A?7;IXK27@C^S




M:VVHS?$&U@-SX7U2TM/#L)\-V=YIFM?VN?LU?';0OVF?@7\,_CMX:\.^+/
MFB?$SPQ9^);'P_XVT:XT/Q%IL=RTD4D-S;3HD=Y:--#)+I6MV#3:1XATF2RU
MS1[B?3=0MI6_


M=@@AM88K:WBC@@@C2&&&%$BBBBB4)'%%'&JQQQQHJI'&BJD:*J(JJH _2O%O

HQF79?&EC\0Z2PGU?#)3C#*


/-
M\G]F82=%1PT
LC244Z?
J6'A0IO$RT445^''[.%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !

'QP^'2_\)_XDU;Q05\77FH:=\/-%UB^T_0=!\'Z;H$D]

_B?0/$D !^Y5%?!O[*WQ8^
T_QI_:A_9E^-WB

M?A+QAX \=::;_P /W5E9ZMX5G\*7%WHEEJJ7]]JOYS:E_P %(OVE?AC\$OA-





MXK^X=1$WDZ?!W]J[]I?-[^T7\1+G]G#X5WK$I^SK^SEXJF7X@:QII*XLOB_^






^&7A6=QY%

M?6;I0^H:]KEZ4634-=UR[U'6=1FS/?7UQ
S.?3ZV_MO!96^3AS!.C7CI_;F9

O?S_%JK1EJ\ER^

KM0QN;V3E3JQKRPN6XJFU[7)XS7
^^&OPL^&_P '/.F^ ?A



/2IT*-*$:=*C1A&G2ITX)1AG3@E&$(Q2C&,4DDD
MDDD%%%%9&@4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !7PG\3OV//%/QE^.2^(?B/\
M'_XE:_\ LSVNN?CXJ67[




_
MB?\ :/\ VB/B;\+O%D-GJMK+XF_X4?X?^('ASXJ:?\0=
^+%I\?K;XF_#KX

M%/A)XFT7P]\






ZA?@[J?B'2?@#IL
MR.\BV6B_;3;%&=@ENJA5 !W/Q$_PJ?[ ?PY\1MX'?]I+P7\2OB0K30?\
M*J_9YLO$W[3GQ76]B+H-/N?AO^SUH7Q+\6Z;=RS)Y*+J^F:=$CLK33119D7@
M&_;E_:O^)Y$7[


M]: /Q3_:)_8\_PH'[;OP#^
GP/^-O[6/[+G[-7@OXO_#SQK\.=:\#_ +-7


$?F.JS=9K/_ (*W^&;L+:Z[
M_P $[_C381E@/MOAG]IC]FG4+A1YNTR3V7B?]J73H)6A+%+*1 (I %)F5X/








MQ6O64FDENVTEJS_04!!&1G\001]00#[$ TO^?SZ5_ 3_P &\/\ P5G_ &^O
M'[(/BKPQ\0OAIXM_;JT.+XQ'PC^SUH=[\?[






ZD



TU[J$\K%CZS7YMW'_!6S



M%% !113#)&O5T'U91_
T /HIH=2

7.
/_ -^I
?GL



M!MKD:7H



\8?L;_!NRYA\P
M9A\0?M/:UXE7YIK-3GPP2 ]X



D&H(Z16YAAEBBO=22\=

M
FXRW4HB72(X(I;V]-O##'=21D ^Z?&'Q+^'?P^M7OO'GCOP;X*LHHIYY;SQ
M=XIT'PS:QPVT237$LD^N:A81)%!#(DLTC
$BB=))&5&5C\E^*O\ @I]_P3G\

T
Z3(+$

+O%%&J!(XF:- J
RD _A#_X




M(55_IK10!R?@SP'X)^'/AZP\(_#[PCX8\^%=*7R]
\


X
:DN6G+%XFCAU4EHN2'
MM9PYYNZM&-Y.ZLCZ^H) Y)P/4U\+C]HW]I_XAF+X*?L7^+M$TV\$D:^-_VI
MOB!X7^&B6IQF.\3P+X1C^+OQ:NXB






L?AS]GGX]:F&:0?
MZ-&)H_AQ':JUXP(M6EN(X90ID
J1#S*^4?VR?^@T?P5^!OBW6_OP^^
'A?



M2?\ !-+XI?LQZ3JO[3'Q?U'7_A]K_P 4O!EKX=\
_ JS6+2;;3O!
EW#K&FZ


M?X*R;(^$N'

1B;5:^+J5%0=)2Q%23J.%+EHT
MT^2G&
8GTT8HSUC0_5%/]*4*HZ #_=^7^6*^89;G]LF]9?)T7]FGPRC$G
WB
M;XK^-Y(O-;Y0T4'A7P#'


MG(99/LT8!G2^F_?4^;]G3Q%?DOK/[3O[2FINSM*RVGB;X=^$X?
QLC









4G







EIX%

MSE?#OQG@^'%SK
G@QOBKH^E6^CZ-H_BZ;09-0T6#0=*U'29+/6X&U-@#XQ^)
MGQA^.7[/W[4'_!0;5H_BAXX^*N@_#O\ X)K:=^U3\.?A=XHL_#EOX(\'^.=(

M/^/_ (K?%+]H7]F^T^#7A+P=^UE\7O'+_M??LJ_!36_'_P 0?'&OZ!XUU#X7


-/AQK'
MQ0\3W_C_ 


MT^)']DVVJR:!;Z)INE_DWX@_:M_:2^$?[+'[/W[?.B_&[XA^
?B5^TI\-_VZ



M\U'4/%'C7QKJ\'@WP+%J
7@CP)I&L^/O$OBG5?#_ 

\


@N[ZUMY+R

M'^%5C^RQX*UG4-


M@*]3#8I4HPI?5\0ZCQ

M+GL!+.(K.37_  CX=O;BP

M(F0/\5_VF?B5.UC-*YBCNY['X2_L9_$..[LK @7&H06VK1ZC/'(D6GQ2OEU_
M=RVAMH88(U8I!%'C2R27$Q2)%C3S+B=Y)YI-JC?+-))+(V7D=G9F
^ .@Q



M1N6[LY-N+7
W9*#4%G4P&;3DG'/:M-+[




3S_Z^:ZT+2;B6;Y!'
6WEACL(OVD_B;IXOY)5\S4;NZTOP[^T]:VKRW

;!

MHUS^SU\$I6C#!&_X5;X(0A6*E@3%H:;AE00&S@YQC)R1XEX]A92RKP]KVUO#
M)
JP
MEIS+A7'--.\N:[O91Y8V4W']@O2];



M3]-T;59M4TK]WIOV.OV7)9))!\!_AE;B4DF*R\+V6GVZDJ%/E6M@+:UAW8RW
MDPQAG+2


M.I0]I&=)SC&%:





MN'LFS'


OR

MYE]KJZ]V*L[-.\8M-9/CHN]'



EQI]CXV^7@\ET1CYD6
MI76G1N89C;SRYA62I;?M

Q6W[/OP3B0L7*CX5^!


MVTW;HVSYNN/V^=-TQ[J'6OV=/C=9SV;-YR:=XR_9+\4[4CRLJA?#'[3NISO=

M6LXUE:XN!/X/UKQ/!$+81
98;J6WNBI5XH)8VW#ZTC^!'P2ACCAA^$'PMAAB


KI)&ZJZ.I#(P#*00#2CF.;32]MP[PQ3;2N\%FG$
M--)^[=Q6



M^5[]NS_@M;\6?BW\5;7P1^P1XJU'P1\//@[?VWB[7_B1J/A^6VU7XN^+-&E$




)8YHK2QO=5LX[2



?9WDR^8Q^\!4?7Y4'J6_

MNM79W_3/9YIR)?7
O]I?WI?V;B.1K7:G_:W

M&=._M34?''Q!6S$\


MT(V[+V=]/BULORX3_@KE^RY.D9L[3QU++
$
27S_  ST2/:P#$W-QJ_Q
M(K


!*-I9SQQ3EI[U#

M




(-9UJ
M^F@M=-L+#3@L;3I-?7=O9PW=Y;_D+\&/^MGQ-\(_'#XL?$?XG^)O!_@WP'\

M_@WT\-?/]IGQ5\0_P!H#Q;HWQ@^#G@#Q#:W_P _!4MN_G^-YL6HV&N?&C
M3'MXM+\OPC,R6^$]+:[T7QEK=HVNZH++0%B\



MRR2J 9+I/ =K(LS/);W0)$/T3BBB@C2*&-(HXU5$2-%1%50%551 JJJJ JJ
MHJ  H  %25V8G+


MR7+\;0I87

M

^7Q^QG^S8\@EU#X:6O



/!RE-PH8;#PIT:47.4IN-.$4Y2E)J[;;I4J5G&E1ITZ-*
MMG2A&G3@KMVC"48J[;LDM6WUBBBNPTBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB

M$GCH
GIQR
_SW^&M2^'G[)O[37C77?BU=^$/BWXE_:)3]M+Q%X#_ &X?@C\6




&#=
_BK+^6X#/OCIQ




MUTZ'97EA^T= !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% 'AGPZ_9J^!?PG^(7Q7^*OP]^&'@WPK\0?C9K

'A?3=4OM)AG73K_ 
2R

MP/X:T[QQ9SPWUM/:^
+'1=LK7Q-;3V^IZE!-;ZU#?020ZA?1-&4N[A9/9**
M /*?#_P(^/A/P]X9\(^%O@[\*_#7A3P5XJ3QSX-\

MK'XO\





MHKRSX9?'+X+_ !J3Q!)\'OBW\
_BK'X4OX=*\4/\./'?A?QNGAS4[A9I+?3]




/@;X

^'=*UWP5\2_C=XATSPQX6\&?



MVTMQ%H^D:9IJ2+9V%M#%K!%&?O'/J[$C_=)8E?\ @..0/04 ?D7^R]\4_AU_


MF3G^\S
?P+$D#V'%.H **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB


V]]\5;*UC_ &0/

MWCJVD\ 7%A'XU!T$?G=X!\*_'0_M1_$SPO\ L5^%_CW^S#X+TSQ'^T-:?M-Z


7C
+?A[9^ ;CQ1X9\0_'[QY^R7^V+XX_:6^(?AO5/$7Q0\<:K8/




MGTS4W\:#PWXBOA9V.CZ_JVGMJ6C^&O$6H:7XC\ H_BY9_M#?M#_M.Z]^SG\6

M\/Z]K_B_7K?XLCXXZ5\3OB'_ &QX-\//X#L=!U_0?$F?$\VD6.H@'[?? /\
SV=O<_45?EY^S
MCX=^,WQ7_:PT3]I/Q[\ _&O[.7AOX<_L<:=^SM-X6^(M_P!9O$'BCXG^*_B

MMW?2?J'0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !


M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBD)P


M\

MFN?#KQO\'/B[\#_$/AG0OB3\
?'ESX/U;4=/M?'7A6R\9^!/%.@^)_A_XE\6
M^#O$_A7Q7HEU
M (N\?%3X?\ P)\8Z5\?]8^$G[1GB/3/UY\-_BC8_LR:+XO\4_%6ZTO1_#7
MBK7/B/X8M)_!?@#QSX\^&]WXT\%Z'#\2/!G@_7=9T0P/)H%EKH!^EE%?&?[/

MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B

M!\+:-\




MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH P?%6M3^&_#/B'Q#:Z)K'B6YT/0]7UB#P




+X ^R/V9?V@_B9X^^(G[




/A/XC:'I7[2/@



U/0?



M[?



$NE_\ R)1_PB/A;_H7-!_\$NE__(E 'Y._\/\ O_@C





MA_W_ 




METO_ .1* /R=_P'_?\ P1Q_Z2_L^_^#KQ#_P#
U1_P_P_^./_207]GW_
M 
'7B'_YFJ_6+_A$?W_ $+F@_\ @ETO_P1*/\ A$?W_0N:#_X)=+_ /D2
M@#\G?^'_ '_P1Q_Z2_L^_\ @Z\0_P#S-4?\/^_^./_ $D%_9]_\'7B'_YF
MJ_6+_A$?W_0N:#_ .72_\ Y$H_X1'PM_T+F@_^72__D2@#\G?^'_7_!''

M3_\ P_[_ ../_207]GW_P '7B'_ .9JC_A_W_P1Q_Z2_L^_P#@Z\0__
U7

M\'7B'_YFJ/\ A_W_ 




B4?\(C


MO$/_ 
S5?K%_PB/A;_H7-!_\$NE__(E'_(^%O\ H7-!_P#!+I?_ ,B4 ?D[
M_P /^_\ @CC_ -)!?V??_!UXA_\ F:H_X?\ ?_!''_I(+^S[_P#KQ#_ /
U
M7ZQ?\(CX6_Z%S0?_  2Z7_\ (E'_  B/A;_H7-!_\$NE_P#R)0!^3O\ P_[_
M ../_207]GW_P '7B'_ .9JC_A_U_P1Q_Z2_L^_P#@Z\0__
U7ZQ?\(CX6
&=!CN[;2M.M[E!H^D-LN(;.*9-T=H8VVRJZ@H2A ^0


M(+^S[_X.O$/_ 
S5?K%_PB/A;_H7-!_\$NE__(E'_(^%O\ H7-!_P#!+I?_
M ,B4 ?D[_P /^_\ @CC_ -)!?V??_!UXA_\ F:H_X?\ ?_!''_I(+^S[_P#
MKQ#_ /
U7ZQ?\(CX6_Z%S0?_  2Z7_\ (E'_  B/A;_H7-!_\$NE_P#R)0!^
M3O\ P_[_ ../_207]GW_P '7B'_ .9JC_A_W_P1Q_Z2_L^_P#@Z\0__
U7

M=_X?]_\ !''_ *2_L^_^#KQ#_\ ,U1_P_[_ ../_207]GW_P '7B'_ .9J









MB9-X

M_BGP5XHT/4=/CBM--U+5@#[



]0^'
MG[9GQ%NOAC\;O#EG^Q.UP_C[PWXO\(Z)X5\9^
K!OA/H'QBT34_!'AS6/%-O




M?CKXU:!\+/CGJWP+\+3?#WQ9\.]$O_%^J?#_ 










TF




\





+@';T5\[_#/X

FL?#1=3E\&?V-=Z_J6L:YI/@+







M1\



MB+4K'7K;P+\//DFK^*/%;^%/$IB@L5LK-M1U_&'[5VBQZU^R=I'PHTF'XGC
M]JF?5O%^@7EG=WNGIIOP*\+_  JN_B?XC^*UM =-GDU-I=4^&/@C0](O&TF
M.[\4_%7PS#?:C80QW)H ^NJ*_.:X_PCG@_P?\ \+TTSXT_ KXZ_!SQS\$O

MJGPX3P3XI\1^&[W3/$=QI=Y=7S^%;UO$D'?^$?VX?!%[X*_:;\0?%/P+XZ^!



M%M\*_BSI'PS^+/Q+^+GP8^_PT%J=IX+F^&/Q0^*7P0M?B#?\ CKPSI.FZ
M3XQU+XCZ#97UE\*/B;/\/_$_BOP5HV@?$!/ 6O/HETD.H^#)O%@!]^T5\*^%
MO^@'PGUOX8_M1?%?Q)X(^


M6NZA(VJ:KH'AK0=)TO0=!U.^OM?\5^(M!T.!H;?3UOYM9U/2-
U#S#]HW]LH





M]NOQ=X!?]FZV_:!_97^+_P 
;'X\:O\  _X:ZM\1=

?%#P5X0MOA7\6=(^&?Q9^)?Q<^#'P7_:U.T\%S?#'
MXH?%+X(6OQ!O_'7AG2=-TGQCJ7Q'T&ROK+X4?$V?X?\ B?Q7X*T;0/B G@+7
MGT2Z2'4?!DWBS3\+?\% /A/K?PQ_:B^*_B3P1\9?ACH/[*/C_P#X5YXYT+XA


M_P 2:M;Z%JOA71=1F2WH ^ZJ*\G^$7CWQQ\0M O=7\=_!3QQ\#M0BU$0V'AO
MQYXA^&7B+5M1TN:RM;RWU
S_  O\;^.M'L)(Y+B73-0TR\U*.[M-3LKL6QU#

 Z
MCX
M_@K\$?!OP!^$.A:[?W%QX?O/'OQ/L/#OQO\ VD_$WAOQ!_8EG_PDGA-M
M4@^!GPBM/&VD:4MM=ZI\*O'T-G:Y%S8Q_H'10!^ 7B7_ ()T?M$?%+5?VH?$
MWA;P-\'_ -DA/BW\

_B_X
MZU.7P!X3N/ ?@G0&\&7_ 
.94\
Z5=^(_%/A[XC:_K&N^$=.N?!OAW3M7[KX
MH? #]I3XP_$3Q;?_ !9^'&C^#Q^W'XS_ &6OV?OB#X+^'WB77_B9HOPM_9 _
M98D^

-%7X^I

M-XNL/AM_P@?FGP]_8M_:&TGQ#\%O@7XET;X96G[./[.W[;OQ=_;!\-?%G2OB

&/AYXC^/NG^*?#WC.S\&? SX7? 74_AE\1;-_@K<V6EV'C72O



M+3Q)^R3K_AK]B'X2_LNZG\ OA]^UY:Q:(_\ PO31_'/QM\0_!C_A+/B5XHAU

MV7AF^U(Z'8^)O%6GVM]JU[:0
M_M=10!^</P^\/_&;Q3\:/VR_VFHOAI;0?$'PWX'T3]FG]EWP3\2+S6O!?AW7
M[+X:^%;CXD^,-=E\7+X?U*_TWP3\5?VB/'ESX(O_ !UI/A34AJW@WX*^%O%N
MD:1J-N=/MI?C_P (_L=?M9^(_A1J/BCX@?KX;:7^USH7[4W[/'[:'B/X@ZS




O\


M6/A\&\



M@V]O];O++4/%PTG1/BWP;_P3Z^/DO[+7_!/+PW\7?@!\#OB;XW_86N?&7@KQ
M9\!O%'QB?5_AO\:/ ?CCX37?@FZ\6Z)XSD^&*:;IOB30?%TVAZ[I7A+QMX
O


M'^S'^T#\#+_]EOXM_ 7]FWX5:!J?P;^ GQQ_9?\ %/[/?BC]I;6+TW'AKXA_
.-3^,
M ^%MKXE\9I\/OCMX3\<Z#X(\-:E\/_&-\+^\5_&63Q5H5WJFHV


M0V^H)#

M?VM(_'_


*!QP .


5QX837K_ 
2Q4OV5O@-XE\$?



Z)HFJ]MXQ



%(

M^$_AMX2U_P /Z!XRU_\ 9LOI_$/BSPQ

WC'P+KW@;]F?X6^


MF^
/VA/A5^VO\6_@O^S?\$[C]G[X::Y\&E\*V\?[6/PJB_:8@\-:_P#$6;P%

M




MI[S\6OAK^U=\0/VW_A[XR\5_!'X






M-CH

M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !117F7Q8_X7'_PB\?_



(07-*4GS[


;*-16DH4E45.I%\LZ;G


M7C:]^&LK^!/&1_$33;2_U#P&[^'=21/&EA87

^
MGQPS1/$[J?TK*\Q_M3#/$_4
RRZU65/ZOFF%^J8E\L8R]HJ7/4_=2YK1GS:R



MH_0O#G[/O@I_$5W\$?B)XY\6:9XJO/VAB/BO)X^^#GP*\5_%#3OAE:?M!_!;

MXR_%GX:Z]\




MR/\ X7M+_9W]C_\ :?\)/\ \)A_PEC_ -F?\(UYO_$G_P%/^7Y/]C^7_Q:

7G?\.:_-\M/-V?\-P[/
VCS-F?X
M-^[9CY=FW;\N*E_XZ$/^L-O_ )O#^% '[-49[?Y_S[51TW^TO[-L?[8-D-6^
MQ6O]IG3?M']GC4/L\?VTV/VO_2?L?VKS?LOVG]_]G\OSOWFZOP[_ &C/C+J_


I\*/CI\0KW]G'X\_ +3IM7U;XFZ-





8?@_KFG?LWZ?%^Q/X6\+_%SXX^)M%^
M




MCX4:!9:TT'B/1-*\-^)90#]D\C.._/'3IU(]0
C)'J/44O\ GU_E7X(?#GQ+



M:G=_M




M^V%^T'X^^7CCP%=?$3P?X4LIO7Q&_X5SX[\-_##QNFJ_MCVOA7]IF?X7Z?
TUJ[\6V'Q(T.&W^#ME<07@!_1V2!











?F3Z]?K^GH.!P!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111

6[RRW)7-344 %%%%


M1CGKGJ?7/KT]NF.




(;_P (
MWY=Y_:_E?\(#_P 3S^V_.^P?V=O_ .)?Y?VS[5\WDUT86A]:Q%'#^VP^']M4

MQYYOI&ZOW/8ZBGG@M89;BYFC@MX(WEFFF=8HHHHD:22661RJ1QQQJTDDCLJ1
U=)5IJ-Z=+V5/VU:5^2A1

#M/UQ/





M




/BM=Z;
M\1K_ 
!?!;XXZ)\+/$OC6TU.?X*WVCVMYJ?C?QG\-V\7Z7I'B'15\;75C9?!



+O#O_7^'-'\/33:;<]<_PWI\7]-\)W.LZUXP\#ZE-X





M#HY\=_#ZV_9/T_7];T;]FKX7^


MY&/C_P 4_ME_M6^!K/Q=XAU-/ 6KZ+XA\'?M%^(]!
/P@\;06GP4T;X)?MN_




MX?\ !NAV'A_29-=\2ZC+JFMZJ]EI\



Z-&EA
MZ5.A0I4Z%&E%0I4:
(TZ5.$5:




;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#^_BBBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****









^'?BKPA;PL9;_ $SQCI$=XFGZC'J=AIV=


[W
MDO@_X4Z;\1K'6XIH4MS9_%S38DED9[B.+YBUS]G_ %OX*_#OQAJ7[-?@?Q+X







$_
M!/Q#M9]&\.7S17=G97GA/Q+<:/'JD.F2ZC#XGT0:A=Z3;:=/VGQ^_P"L7[
M_PR_P#%7Q'\$_CA\=D\%?$SPG;Z%=:_X;/P[^*6O&P@\2:)8^(M&?\ M7PU



\FKG^14:E2C6SG*J-:E.5.K2JYAA*=2G4A+EGI=92A.
D
MXRC))Q:::33/J#P1^S#K?AB[^//C98_!.D_$+]H7XR^%?BMJ-EIRR:_X2^$V



MH/BG_#^'_@E=_P!'01_^&C^.'_SN:/\ A_#_ 

M_J7QA_T2G$G_ (9
S_\ F;S7WF?^L?#W_0]R;_PYX+_Y?Y_GV9^OE%?)'[*G



+7HXG#U.;V=








MEL]&'QO^(UR(/!^H6FA^1/!%JFD6MYIUGINM:OI=C_PD
]DDNH3@'ZC45\M_


+2=1N
%5Q%6






_!'B2UBN0ZPZUX5\6

M'86.G:5:R75Q
;+1M+TG1K(6^E:5IUG;?P3_ /$1'_P4S_Z''X)_^&2T[_YI







+_ .FZ
M@ZBBBOYT/UP**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBOSH_;2_X*C_LJ?L$^+_!/@C]H
M#5/'UAKOC_PUJGBOP]'X0^'VL^
;632-(U:'1;Q[R[TR1([.X6^G18[:4%Y(
MLRJ=HKNR[+

-N)\O^G?G^#['D?ZU\-_\ 0\RS_P +

MQA^ /QCUWXP^'+FREBATKXMP7/P)NO V@WDJQZ3HW@[XH^)]/LGM])TFU\/:
MO^CRC:
9SRQ^F6)Q]!G ]@*_!S_B(W_X)K_]#%\;/_#'^*__ (_7TO\ LF?\
M%A_V
M.-.E2IXJC.I4G-I1A
9M


M?^DDU6:K7O\ QXW_ /UX7W_I)-51W7JOS%+9^C_(_P!6[]E;_DV3]G;_ +(5

?\ D88[_L
Q7_I^
M9_8.$_W3_\ 8/1_]-QBBBN


+_ .FZ@ZBBBOYT/UP**** BBB@ HHHH **** OXG
M/^#HS_DY/]EG_LAGCW_U8VGU_;'7\3G_  =&?\G)_LL_]D

M%/\ DX.5_P#8)FW_ *KL2?^(W_)*XW_ *_8'_U-PY_,%1117]LG\XA7[I_\
M&Z?_ DM\._]D(^-?_H'@ROPLK]T_P#@W3_Y26^'?^R$?&O_ - \&5\CQ]_R


MK*O_ %.H'G9Q_P BG-/^Q=C?_4:J?YEDG^LD_P!]O_0C3*?)_K)/]]O_ $(T











M*^H/$/[#?^#5S_D5_P!M[_L9_@%_Z8?B?7]:=?R6?\&KG_(K_MO?]C/\ O\
MTP_$^OZTZ_A?Q=_Y.'Q%_BRO_P!4N7']

M_G_!RA_RCJL/^SC?@[_Z3^

M9X%?\D+_ -UK


M?\'1G_)R?[+/_9#/'O\ ZL;3Z_5_!3_DX.5_]@F;?^J[$GPOB-_R2N-_Z_8'


I\G^LD_WV_P#0C3*_T5CLO1?D?R0%5KW_ (\;_P#Z\+[_
M -))JLU6O?\ CQO_ /KPOO\ TDFJH[KU7YBEL_1_D?ZMW[*W_)LG[.W_ &0K

M)19[_P!C?
?_ %+JA1117U!XA_8;_P &KG_(K_MO?]C/\ O_ $P_$^OZTZ_D
ML_X-7/\ D5_VWO\ L9_@%_Z8?B?7]:=?POXN_P#)P^(O\65_^J7+C^F. ?\
MDDLH_P .







R/4?F*_T535EKT7Z?YK[S^2!:K7O_'C?_\ 7A??
M^DDU6
CU'YBJUZ1]AO\ D?\ 'A?=Q_SZ3546KK5;K\U_FOO0I;/T?Y'^K?\

M7O?G1?\ /6/_ +[7_&O\VLQ_Y&&._PPS%?^GYG]@X3_ '3_P#8/1_]-Q)*



5]1==U



M[^

ZS'_P!-X
_GCQ
_Y*=_]B[!_P#I6(%H
MI




WF1R2-)#'APJ!:_6?Q7^TS\%_ G_  M@^
_%LWA=/@GX-MOB)\0I


M4

DI)2BW%W3:





M\[2O4O@]_P &ZW[*G[/GC2/XC?!']J3_ (*#_#'QU#I.I:%%XI\
?M%^'(]4
M31M8:T?5--#7_P )[ZW-M?O8633JUN6+6L+(Z%
G]LV^


12J4
1GV=XB




]%O\ PYXK\+ZM^TAX'.F:_H.J


\8ZKX=T'Q)H+6

DI1E%J46DTTT3*
9QE
)/$$5W8Z=I5Q+H][9:
MZZI'8:M]CN[Z!ECT^*ZN66!NYOOBGX&TWQ3X<\$WVKW-OXL\6^!?%_Q)\.Z
EO'%<:+?_$/P9:3:+<20Z[//KMNMGIES]GO

M_P#@GM_T6+]N;_Q(?2?_ )VE-;_@UE_X)Z.CH_Q@_;E9)$:-U/[0^DX='4HZ

MMY\/=;O?#_CVSUOP;:^'IO%VGW7@[5-+U2+78)M$WVT6G75U$+BV$
LQX2_:


O_ )J\OS[L/[$R


N?])+_ /@J7_XDA\/O_G&4

.]?/.@_M3?!CQ+

?@OQB_A75/$MSXP7P!HCKXABT.72;;P_X
MK\9RVWAOP?XJO+JW\-^*=5O+.VT;4[IKF(E#/Q[^*_\ P;B?LB?'3QWJ_P 3

=?\0L__!/;_HL7[<W_ (D/I/\ \[2OW7U']I'X6:7X

MQ480A%1C%*


MI2;E)MMMMGX1?\0L_P#P3V_Z+%^W-_XD/I/_ 
[2C_B%G_X)[?\ 18OVYO\


\36*6=K?3ZA!)I;275I!!=6
MS'IOQ+\
ZK;^(Y[:+Q-




81YI/EA&

M:=.

MI)?_ 
%2_P#Q)#X??_.





GTDVUWXZO])T+59_M9B\-OKF@7OB%M
T[7-+N[N3
MQ-\?/ ?A*Y^'=AK




M$'_AZS+_ .:O+\^[
?[$R7_H3Y5_X;L'_P#*3\
O#W_!L/\ L(^$]?T+Q5X9

E]H^O:#J%MJVC:M9._P 
9(UN]-U.SM;Z
MU:2.1%G@C9T=05/W7_P[#US_ *27_P#!4O\ \20^'W_SC*^^?&/QH^'G@*T\

M

90EF.88[


77$=


MB@ HHHH **** BBB@#XU^-7[(S?M!^_CC\/?B3\7_'UKX9^
&E7F@VEQ\.


7Q
*=.U
M&.VBN-+ET?XG^*-<G&GM87LGB)[*Y2ZALX9K*YU_%7PC\7^./@#X\U/QKK4


MI/%?A[Q='?Z5X6OGG@TB]M[_ 
-V
4%OIKVVEQI)=W*V2W]S+=-R-W^Q_H'C


MSHFDW6I6DOB'2?#DQCL=6AU5KC4[G[C5=JA03P 
GV_SCV[4ZB@#YEUC]GFY






MOLNB2Q7.MV=_:SQ7EJUA[S10!\Z2_!?QB?A8W@.V^*
5


MF6T%O;?9HM:\0ZYXEDM7)1M2O_(C:*RM;:&/TBB@#X^TO]D/P_=:UI'B[X@^



M\







\+Z+X=U#6]6M6MD

M


M]IJ?B#Q)--J]E?V6C6$]I'KT


MI;PG7/$;:QXBO%%YJT
MR1^XT44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
+%%%% !1110!__]D!
end







begin 644 draft1hostess_chart-01639.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_P  1 \ 2D# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#^_BBBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB




_MN_TVQT:^U@V%J=5O

M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% 'Y6_\ !87]L?XO_L-?LC)\;?@E#X-G\:-\6?AWX+
?CK0;[Q'H

ME?\ !17_ *!?[-?_ (:?Q3_\]*OP#HH_XAWP/_T2^3_^$=/R\O+^K*Q_K;Q+
M_P!#K
/_  ?+^NB^X_T _P#@B#_P49_:%_X*#Z#^TCJ7Q\MOAQ;7'PJU[X8:



I


P




IGE
HEC\B

MN49?C


M786%;#_4L/1YY8G#TG[2G.LY+DJU(2LE..MK.[L]&?QJ45_97_QR?W_H\7



62.]37YY+LW@F97@A$!13(&_3/[#\0_^AH\&


M^11FG_8OQG_J/4/\R)_OM_O-_





M\[RC_B%Z_9/_ .CB?VE/_
1__.\K]=_AO^W9X;\=^#/B!XVNO!&K:)9?#'Q+
MX


%O^A/AO_ J_P#\M_J[\K?@G_Q]?LG_P#1
MQ/[2G_F(_P#YWE?8?[#'_!$7X#?L'_'JU^/_ 


MOB+QKF.$Q& QN?XK$83%T9T


DG4:;C)75TU?IL%%%%?%'T84444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5^

M_$!_V]__ *&NOV
\I?63_O\ 2_\ Q='E+ZR?]_I?_BZ /QS_ .']G_!-#_HH




MXNCRE]9/^_TO_P 70!^.0_X+U_\ !-   ?$7]H8   #_ (8'_;WZ#@?\VUTO
M_#^S_@FA_P!%%_:&_P#$!_V]_P#Z&NOV
\I?63_O]+_\71Y2^LG_ '^E_P#B


0'_;W_ /H:Z_8SRE]9/^_T


MX?V?\$T/^BB_M#?^(#_M[_\ T-='_#^S_@FA_P!%%_:&_P#$!_V]_P#Z&NOV
M
\I?63_O]+_\71Y2^LG_ '^E_P#BZ /QS_X?V?\ !-#_ **+^T-_X@/^WO\









MLO/AUK7PTBU\*:]X[T5_&6D^&O''C_PBGBN;PSJ&A:3X?[,_P#!/+2SX+^+
MOPOO?BC+XO\ A5\1?']WXS\/?#_XA?7X5^)+#P5IFN^.]:^)_B+P:?$^EZ/

M/B/XC7PIX)\6+X@ULZ/!KCPVNA^)H;*VG\/^?%GV&[UF]T2UT6S\16_ACX


M/3Q)8^'M*U4^$O%'BWP_X8\2SV

MZ?X::)\

MMT;_ (3K0(O'7C706\3:EX7O-'T31OD_7O\ @D3X$U_3;O3;CXX?$F&.]TSX
MN:9.T?A[P&ZF'XR?MRZ+^WMXC989-):-39_%'1+?PGIB8

M\11@'U]XN_;N_9D\'7VL:/=^/Y]7\0:%\0_AI\


M^+.N^






U&S2;KX?V?AY?\ PU_:\^%OB_Q9XH\1
MZ#^U_P#$;XD_$CQ3J,%GX?T'Q'X$U7XE^%_7AC4+;P)JMAI\RQ6^C1^!_#6


MO$FE^%Y;&:





MQDTF_\0_!?PYX_\4?#WX=WURQ2W\#:A_8VM)JS007
0!W_ (%_;I_9B\9:

M@Q'J7Q

M+^'_ !AI7@JR\









-=2\2ZHE
MM<+<-X[M;^LY[70TN]#N]#PW_P2_MOGP^*/[+FD?M
?%M?@3\6OV:;;X!

  @$! @$! @( @( @(#!0
# P


#!@
#
M!@P(!P@
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
M# P
# P
# P
#/_  !$( )(!/P
!(@ $0$#$0'_Q  ?   !!0$! 0$! 0
M         0(#! 4&!P@)@O_Q U$   0
# @0#!04$!    7T! @
 !!$%
M$B$Q008346$'(G$4
+CY.7FY^CIZO'R\_3U]O?X^?K_Q  ? 0 # 0$! 0$! 0$!         0(#
M! 4&!P@)@O_Q U$0  0($! 

8




M*&







L0/E%O#_P!_![U]1PJZE;

/0OI&7-Z65W\G8_E
M_P ?




@L?V*?%'EXS&;GQ';





MDBT/3-)TO=OR=PM;BY1%/E[LX8M/L+

M\$S^T/!/B:MP)B)8K.:U*&'Q$8\U/VBE4UVDHP4TG9W?
X[*]C\B=-N&T[4%
M+?+@X-=I!


M6\4^-KJRCGUN.36KJ&P6Y8;FC6&)T4A
[




^#_ UJ(-%\)^&]'A7I'9:9

MO6]1TA;?4)WFFL_LK1A?-( !=E?)   QCGK7ZYD/^)S*;A@81]VU]E:][?D
M_N/XFXBXPE@Z:K9C5G.^VKD_Q?ZG[!PPI;QA8U5%7HJC %.K\F?^5W_  5Q


M8JW
TGIJM;_Y'GY%GU#-:
J]!-).VMK[)]&^X444C


V!]:^A

^BR7CC'*'MLLQLN5

WN

?_!Q5K6L

M=NG
M;^MT?N7#]'PV



MFNH_: \

JSC

M\TE)Q6KT5M7KWUW/F_!'C+#83
L5B
XPJQM1P7LU4E+DBU+63BFN96:2B]#^




QL&/'R5^_L
&_9KQ3X#T/QS' FM:+I.L+:RK-M]:1W AD4AE==











2RQ.T@*+N5N&&YE.#QQ7ZE_\$H/ WQJ_87^

7Q






9Q-FTL'3GRTHIV5[:+J^[?IH?
'PQ_


MW39/CC8_\+$\
1_VIINI00MJ]M:_O+C0[M8U25)HQ\P1F4LDF-I5AR*;\$





-3
3;6NV61;:UB/?:CO)



M-)7QIX-^/6G^



M
W%TGITE%WO9VTZ^C73='\JO[+









U4_O)PN!G'


?*VC?RM]Y?\ VE?^



#^E?3O\ P5(\:ZEX5_:
\$_&O5--NM:\&?$SP=%H&MB%MK+\


M'^]CECFCG4@LHPX(93]X8/K\9?\ !5KP;_PC?_!4#XB6+1D1^+/AO-./5FM9
M=ZG_ 

61O#)TSCO
TJXK




@-(W&2 !Q@?








\=O';7BQEB2=KJ\3





[[]OS]LCPO\ #;3E
M9O#.GS+J7B&X0?)!80

M#7'2SMK.SCW2W#GL







5Q?_!3W



M(



SJA2X^)GQ:TEHH26%LFIG6+H'N$@@)0-_O
OUKJRW!YA1FH5L
M6JU+HI1O47:S6MUYW]#'

VU#1
MUMOLG]G?ZM6@ 4!8R/N


MI97WLOKO#_@W$4L#7J8G256*2]$[_G;]#\!?$OP:O=?O)M:\(VMQXH\+ZI*U

M%;7]GJE\+2.]
Q$2JL#$








MJ;G+NW=_\-Y'J4

8[Y
:*?UK4_:H_;=^&G[


]_ _V$/^7.@_\$^_A'JU_I(M?%WQ:U#3Y6EUZ[@5<3^6VRWMP
MW




MD?[M?CG\)O%'B[_@GA^TQKG@'QW97&BZIX?O#9ZA:R'A2.5=3T:-U975APRL




MBC1M05_[F7
9:OU


MXHKJ





40?*.






M+E)Z))-M^B6K.AHK\_?VH?\ @XY^ _P+CN;7PQ-J7Q$U:($)_9Z?9['=CO/(
M




F(
M)FS)8WZ G#P3#Y)%..QR
8(!!%?U@5R_Q?\ @EX0_: \%7/AWQMX;T?Q1H=V





7;NW1;5;'!Y
M3DCDU];D/&\:&
HU

16P\ZG#684L3&2=

-3G=;2)
M6!C4A(CN4C
C#UP:]A_X)KZ-\6OC#^TKX*UKX/\ P@FTWPGH^KVUUJWB7Q+

PD\]:_5W]F__ (*E_LHKMO+/XK6MGJ'E^3C5[:?3PBG'RA60
%R^2DFK7J/D5K6TAHW_V\_D?S!A_HJ\2Y/B7C<PR^
MI*7-S7A'VJ3O?25/FBOE?U/I#]KWX-Q?'OX/77A6ZTUM6L=88VUW;!S&)(71
Q50#:Z/;*DC_P#728C<

M7WJY1\)?#?1?!YTZQAAEQM,Q^:5O^!'G\JW*,YHH.4**** BJ][K%GIJ[K
MBZM[=?624+_





M9/;Y8S*^#_NU4'_!5#]M+X[Q;?AO^RC/X?@N.(+_ 

MA6[4[R?E%O\ 2WXGLQ\






!T!V*
].]2Z.
M9U?BJ1IK^ZKO[WI^!O#

&_AMHMU

MTH\M**BO)6/SO


@R#AD8$
M'D \CM7@/Q6_X)%?LU_&B:277/@[X+
+O\ @TJ\$W<H;0?C)XPTM5.0MWI<-V3Z#*O'CMS@_2OU
MTHKSZF2X*?Q4U^7Y'UF#\2N)\+I1QD_G:7_I29^)WBC_ (--/$T3/_8?QNLY
M.NS[;I#Q_3.QS^-95K_P:Y_'+0F7^S?CCX3AC[PM[V)A_WS7[C45ROAG+GK
M[/\ $^@I^-W&

 1
M^-


M'P)

0??.:]LHKLIX+#P^7R1\YB^)LWQ7^\8JI+UG)_J

 'defref_twnk_DocumentandEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtIssuanceCostsLineOfCreditArrangementsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_twnk_CustomerTradeAllowanceLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_twnk_LiabilityonTaxReceivableAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationLiabilityClassifiedNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtIssuanceCostsLineOfCreditArrangementsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_twnk_CustomerTradeAllowanceLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_twnk_LiabilityonTaxReceivableAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationLiabilityClassifiedNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PartnersCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PartnersCapitalAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_twnk_CostofRevenueIncentiveCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingCostsAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketingAndAdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_twnk_OperatingExpenseIncentiveCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_twnk_GainLossonPropertyPlantEquipmentandBusinessExitCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostsAndExpensesRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingDilutedDisclosureItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_twnk_CostofRevenueIncentiveCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingCostsAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketingAndAdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_twnk_OperatingExpenseIncentiveCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_twnk_GainLossonPropertyPlantEquipmentandBusinessExitCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostsAndExpensesRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PartnersCapitalIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PartnersCapitalAccountDistributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PartnersCapitalAccountUnitBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PartnersCapitalIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PartnersCapitalAccountDistributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PartnersCapitalAccountUnitBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PartnersCapitalIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PartnersCapitalAccountDistributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PartnersCapitalAccountUnitBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PartnersCapitalIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_twnk_AdjustmentstoAdditionalPaidinCapitalTaxReceivableAgreementfromExchanges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_twnk_AdjustmentstoAdditionalPaidinCapitalTaxReceivableAgreementfromExchangesIncomeTaxEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfDebtDiscountPremium'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_twnk_NoncashGainonExtinguishmentofDebtAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingAssetsAndLiabilitiesNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeferredIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_twnk_IncreaseDecreaseinCustomerTradeAllowanceLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingCapitalNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireMarketableSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleAndMaturityOfMarketableSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DecreaseInRestrictedCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForSoftware'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebtAndCapitalSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDistributionsToAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToMinorityShareholders'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashInvestingAndFinancingItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalExpendituresIncurredButNotYetPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfDebtDiscountPremium'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_twnk_NoncashGainonExtinguishmentofDebtAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingAssetsAndLiabilitiesNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeferredIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_twnk_IncreaseDecreaseinCustomerTradeAllowanceLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingCapitalNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireMarketableSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleAndMaturityOfMarketableSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DecreaseInRestrictedCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForSoftware'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebtAndCapitalSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDistributionsToAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToMinorityShareholders'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashInvestingAndFinancingItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalExpendituresIncurredButNotYetPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'

 and the &#8220;Company&#8221;
 refer
 for periods prior to the completion of the Business Combination
 to Hostess Holdings and its subsidiaries and
 for periods after the completion of the Business Combination
 to Hostess Brands
 Inc. and its subsidiaries
&#8220;Apollo Funds&#8221; refer to the funds managed by affiliates of Apollo Global Management
 LLC that continue to hold an equity stake in the Company
 and &#8220;Metropoulos Entities&#8221; refer to Mr. Metropoulos and entities controlled by him that continue to hold an equity stake in the Company. &#8220;Legacy Hostess Equityholders&#8221; refer to the Apollo Funds and Metropoulos Entities
 collectively. Subsequent to the Business Combination
 the Legacy Hostess Equityholders held a portion of the Company's common stock. In addition
Our &#8220;Sponsor&#8221; refers to Gores Sponsor
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company and our principal stockholder prior to the Business Combination
 and the &#8220;The Gores Group&#8221; refers to The Gores Group LLC
As a result of the Business Combination
 for accounting purposes
 the Company is the acquirer and Hostess Holdings is the acquiree and accounting predecessor. The financial statement presentation includes the financial statements of Hostess Holdings as &#8220;Predecessor&#8221; for periods prior to the Closing Date and of the Company for periods after the Closing Date
 including the consolidation of Hostess Holdings. Under the terms of its limited partnership agreement
 all voting rights for Hostess Holdings are held by Hostess GP and are separate from the economic interests held by the Company and certain Legacy Hostess Equityholders. This separation of voting rights and economic interests causes Hostess Holdings to be considered a variable interest entity (a &#8220;VIE&#8221;). As the Company owns all of the interests in Hostess GP
 as well as a majority of the common units of Hostess Holdings
 it has both the power to direct all the activities of Hostess Holdings
 and substantial economic risks and rewards from Hostess Holdings performance. As such
 the Company is considered to be the primary beneficiary of Hostess Holdings
The Company is a Delaware corporation headquartered in Kansas City
 Missouri. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively
 the &#8220;Company&#8221;). The Company is one of the largest packaged food companies focused on developing
 manufacturing
 marketing
 selling and distributing fresh sweet baked goods in the United States. The Hostess brand dates to 1919 when the Hostess CupCake was introduced to the public
 followed by Twinkies in 1930. In 2013
 the Legacy Hostess Equityholders acquired the Hostess brand out of the bankruptcy liquidation proceedings of its prior owners
 free and clear of all past liabilities. After a brief hiatus in production
 the Company began providing Hostess products to consumers and retailers across the nation in July 2013. By combining Hostess&#8217; beloved brands&#8217; established reputation with an innovative business model
 the Company rapidly recaptured market share. Hostess
 America&#8217;s Original Snack Cake
 has been an iconic American brand for generations. Today
 the Company produces a variety of new and classic treats under the Hostess&#174; and Dolly Madison&#174; group of brands
 including Twinkies&#174;
 CupCakes
 Ding Dongs&#174;
 HoHos&#174;
Gores Holdings was originally incorporated in Delaware on June 1
 2015 as a special purpose acquisition company (SPAC)
 formed for the purpose of effecting a merger
 capital stock exchange
 asset acquisition
 stock purchase
 reorganization
On May 10
 2016
 the Predecessor purchased the stock of Superior Cake Products
 Inc. (&#8220;Superior&#8221;) located in Southbridge
 Massachusetts. Superior manufactures and distributes eclairs
 madeleines
 brownies
In the Consolidated Statements of Operations
 amortization of customer relationships (previously within general and administrative) have been presented separately from general and administrative in the current year presentation
 with conforming reclassifications made for the prior period presentation. In the Consolidated Balance Sheets
 customer trade allowances (previously netted as an allowance against trade accounts receivable) are presented in current liabilities
The Business Combination was accounted for as a business combination under the scope of the Financial Accounting Standards Board&#8217;s Accounting Standards Codification 805
 Business Combinations
 or ASC 805. In addition
 pursuant to ASC 810
 Consolidations
 or ASC 810
 the Company has determined that Hostess Holdings
 a limited partnership
 is a VIE.   The Company determined there are neither any applicable scope exceptions from the consolidation guidance under ASC 810 nor any VIE scope exceptions in ASC 810 applicable to Hostess Holdings. Furthermore
 it was determined that the Company is the primary beneficiary of the VIE and
 therefore
 the accounting acquirer under ASC 805. The Company determined that
 through Hostess GP
 it has the power to direct all of the activities of Hostess Holdings
The acquisition of Hostess Holdings constitutes the acquisition of a business for purposes of ASC 805
 and due to the change in control
 has been accounted for using the acquisition method. Under the acquisition method
The consolidated financial statements included herein have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (&#8220;U.S. GAAP&#8221;) and the rules and regulations of Securities and Exchange Commission (&#8220;SEC&#8221;). The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its majority-owned or controlled subsidiaries
For the Successor period from November 4
 2016 through December 31
 2016
 Hostess Brands
 Inc. consolidated the financial position and results of operations of Hostess Holdings.  Mr. Metropoulos and the Metropoulos Entities hold their equity investment in us primarily through Class B limited partnership units in the Company&#8217;s subsidiary
 Hostess Holdings (&#8220;Class B Units&#8221;) and an equal number of shares of the Company&#8217;s Class B common stock (&#8220;Class B Stock&#8221;).  Our Class B Stock has voting
 but no economic
 rights
 while Hostess Holdings&#8217; Class B Units have economic
 but no voting
 rights.  Each Class B Unit
 together with a share of Class B Stock held by the Metropoulos Entities
 is exchangeable for a share of the Company&#8217;s Class A common stock (or at the option of the Company
 of the general partnership interest in Hostess Holdings and a majority of the limited partnership interests
 and consolidates Hostess Holdings in the Company&#8217;s Consolidated Financial Statements.  The interest of the Metropoulos Entities in Hostess Holdings&#8217; Class B Units is reflected in our Consolidated Financial Statements as a noncontrolling interest. The noncontrolling interest was recorded at fair value at November 4
For the Predecessor periods
 Hostess Holdings consolidated the financial position and results of operations of New Hostess Holdco LLC. The portion of the New Hostess Holdco
 LLC not owned by Hostess Holdings was recognized as a noncontrolling interest in the Consolidated Financial Statements.  The non-controlling interest presented in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet represents the amount of cash that would be payable to the non-controlling interest holders if the Company were liquidated at book value as of the balance sheet date. The difference between the calculated liquidation distribution amounts at the beginning and the end of the reporting period
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements for the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Management utilizes estimates
 including
 but not limited to
 valuation and useful lives of tangible and intangible assets
 shipments in-transit
 reserves for trade and promotional allowances
 insurance recoveries and other costs related to the voluntary product recall
The Predecessor established a profits interest plan under the 2013 Hostess Management
Hostess Management was authorized to issue class A units to Hostess Holdings members
 class B units to management
916
 class C units to Mr. Metropoulos. In March 2016
 as a result of the second amendment to the Hostess Management
 LLC Agreement
1
282
1
652
 units and therefore
370
On March 18
 2016
 class B units
593
630
 were granted to certain members of management. The units vest at a rate of one-fifth at approximately the end of each year
 or at the management member&#8217;s anniversary employment date
 over 
 per share was used to estimate the fair value of the class B units and was based upon a contemporaneous valuation reflecting market conditions on March 18
 during the years ended December 31
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively
 of expense was recognized from January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016 (Predecessor)
 of expense due to a grant agreement provision which caused the accelerated vesting of units granted prior to January 1
 2016 upon consummation of the Business Combination and the accelerated vesting of units granted in 2016 based on the approval of the board of directors.  This provision was triggered by the consummation of the Business Combination.  All units were redeemed and the Plan was terminated on November 4
 2016.  As of December 31
 2016
The following table represents the non-vested class B unit activity for the period ended November 3
Beginning balance at January 1
368
593
(50
(911
Nonvested at November 3
During the year ended December 31
 2015
At December 31
 2015
 of deferred partner distributions were due to class B and class C unit holders
 was current
 was long-term. All deferred partner distributions were paid on November 4
The Company provides several benefit plans for employees depending upon employee eligibility. The Company has a health care plan
 a defined contribution retirement plan (401(k))
 company-sponsored life insurance
 and other benefit plans. The health care plan
 available to all full-time employees
 is self-insured by the Company. Amounts contributed to the health care plan by the Company
 for the Predecessor period from January 1
 2016 through November 3
 for the Successor period from November 4
 2016 through December 31
 2016. Comparatively
 for the years ended December 31
 2015
 and 2014
 the Company contributed 
 at December 31
 2016 (Successor) and December 31
 2015 (Predecessor)
The Company has also instituted a long-term incentive plan for certain director-level employees
 payment under which is contingent on changes in certain ownership levels.  Amounts paid in the year ended December 31
 2015 and the Predecessor period from January 1
 2016 through November 3
 as of December 31
 2016. In accordance with U.S. GAAP
Under the Company&#8217;s cash management system
 checks that have been issued and are out of the control of the Company
 but which have not cleared the bank by the balance sheet date
Accounts receivable represents amounts invoiced to customers for goods that have been received by the customer. As of December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
 the Company&#8217;s accounts receivable was 
 respectively
 which have been reduced by a reserve to cover allowances for damages occurring during shipment
 quality claims and doubtful accounts in the amount of 
 respectively. In addition
 at December 31
 2016 and December 31
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market on a first-in first-out basis. The Company estimates its costs for ingredients
 packaging
Abnormal amounts of idle facility expense
 freight
 handling costs
December 31
December&#160;31
12
12
14
10
3
2
30
25
At the acquisition date
 years for machinery and equipment. In order to maximize the efficiency of the Company&#8217;s operations and to operate the acquired equipment
 occasionally the Company will remove and relocate equipment between bakeries. Such removal and relocation costs are expensed as incurred. Reinstallation costs are capitalized if the useful life is extended or the equipment is significantly improved. Otherwise
 reinstallation costs are expensed as incurred. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense when incurred. Expenditures for major renewals and betterments
 which extend the useful lives of existing property and equipment
Upon retirement or disposition of property and equipment
From January 1 through November 3
 2016
 the Predecessor closed multiple production lines at the Indianapolis
 Indiana bakery and transitioned production to other facilities. The Predecessor recorded an impairment loss of 
 related to equipment that the Company had idled
Costs associated with computer software projects during the preliminary project stage are expensed as incurred. Once management authorizes and commits to funding a project
 at December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
 from January 1
 2016 through November 3
 for November 4
 2016 through December 31
 2016 (Successor)
 (Predecessor)
 for the year ended December 31
 for the year ended December 31
Bakery shutdown costs are considered to be non-recurring activities an entity undertakes when it closes a facility
On October 17
 2014
 the Predecessor closed its Schiller Park
 Illinois bakery and completed the sale of the bakery in May 2016. For the period January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016
 (Predecessor) in bakery shutdown costs associated with utilities
 insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes related to the assets that were held for sale. For the year ended December 31
 2015
 in bakery shutdown costs associated with the closure and relocation of assets
The Company utilizes valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs to the best extent possible. The Company determines fair value based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability in the principal or most advantageous market. When considering market participant assumptions in fair value measurements
 the following fair value hierarchy distinguishes between observable and unobservable inputs
Level 2 inputs: Other than quoted prices included in Level 1 inputs that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
Level 3 inputs: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability used to measure fair value to the extent that observable inputs are not available
 thereby allowing for situations in which there is little
 if any
Fair value is defined as the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The Company estimates that the carrying amount of its financial instruments reasonably approximates fair value. At December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
 the approximate fair value of the Company&#8217;s debt was 
At December 31
 2016
At December 31
 represents the excess of the amount the Predecessor paid for the business over fair value of the assets acquired
 balance at December 31
 balance at December 31
 2015 resulted from the formation of the Predecessor in 2013. The trademarks and trade names are integral to the Company&#8217;s identity and are expected to contribute indefinitely to its corporate cash flows. Fair value for trademarks was determined using the income approach
 which is considered to be Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. The application of the income approach was premised on a royalty savings method
 whereby the trademark is valued by reference to the amount of royalty income it could generate if it was licensed
 in an arm&#8217;s&#8209;length transaction
Also
 balance on December 31
 balance at December 31
 2015
 resulted from the formation of the Predecessor in 2013. For customer relationships
 the application of the income approach was premised on an excess earnings method
 for each participant per plan year. In addition
 the Company maintains insurance programs covering its exposure to workers&#8217; compensation. Such programs include the retention of certain levels of risks and costs through high deductibles and other risk retention strategies. Reserves for the Company&#8217;s retained exposures are estimated for reported but unpaid losses
 as well as incurred but not reported losses
 and are calculated based upon actuarially determined loss development factors
 expected long-term medical cost trend rates
 future administrative costs
 and other assumptions considered by management
 including assumptions provided by external insurance brokers
 consultants
 and actuaries. The factors and assumptions used for estimating reserves are subject to change based upon experience
 changes in expected cost and inflation trends
 discount rates
 at December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
 respectively
 at December 31
 2016 and December&#160;31
 2015
The Company invoices at the time of shipment of its product
 but only recognizes revenue upon delivery to retail customers and distributors as the Company arranges freight and is generally responsible
 along with the Company&#8217;s common carriers
 for any damage that occurs during transportation. The Company allows retail customers and distributors to return product that is damaged or defective at the time of delivery. A provision for payment discounts and product return allowances
 which is estimated based upon the Company&#8217;s historical performance
 management&#8217;s experience and current economic trends
The Company&#8217;s products are sold on credit terms established in accordance with industry practice
 which typically requires payment within 30 days of invoice date. Trade promotions
 consisting primarily of customer pricing allowances and merchandising funds
 and consumer coupons are offered through various programs to customers and consumers. Sales are recorded net of estimated trade promotion spending
The Company participates in a number of promotional activities including
 but not limited to
 offering rebates for achieving various performance levels
 offering incentives for product placement locations in retail stores
 offering pricing discounts for those customers electing to provide their own transportation for shipment of product and offering subsidies for advertising placed by customers. In lieu of accepting returns
 the Company offers an allowance for anticipated expired and damaged products to certain customers. The ultimate cost of these programs depends on retailer performance and is the subject of significant management estimates. The Company records as expense the estimated ultimate cost of the program in the period during which the program occurs. In accordance with the authoritative guidance for revenue recognition
 the cost of these programs is classified in the Consolidated Statements of Operations as a reduction of net sales. Also
 in accordance with the guidance
November 4

January 1

December 31
December 31
Cost of goods sold consists of ingredients
 packaging
 labor
 energy
Advertising and marketing costs
 through both national and regional media
 for the period November 4 through December 31
 2016 (Successor)
 for the period January 1 through November 3
 2016
 and 
 for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014 (Predecessor)
The Predecessor acquired Superior
 a Subchapter C corporation  in May 2016. As a result of its form of organization
 Superior is subject to income taxes
 which are reflected in the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements. Historically
 (Predecessor) for the year ended December 31
 2016. For the Successor period
 the rate is higher than the U.S. statutory rate of 
 primarily due to the reversal of a previously recorded valuation allowance and state and local income taxes. For the Predecessor
 because the majority of the Company&#8217;s income was earned through the limited liability companies
As a result of the Business Combination
 Hostess Brands
 Inc. acquired a controlling interest in Hostess Holdings
 which is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal and most applicable state and local income tax purposes. As a partnership
 Hostess Holdings is not directly subject to U.S. federal and certain state and local income taxes. Any taxable income or loss generated by Hostess Holdings is passed through to and included in the taxable income or loss of its partners
 including the Company following the Business Combination
 on a pro rata basis. The Company is subject to U.S. federal income taxes
The Company is involved in various lawsuits
In March 2016
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) No.&#160;2016-09
 Compensation&#8212;Stock Compensation (Topic 718)
 Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting (&#8220;ASU 2016-09&#8221;)
 which is intended to improve financial reporting about share-based payment transactions. This guidance simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment awards to employees including accounting for income taxes
 forfeitures
 statutory tax withholding requirements and classification in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 will be effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted. The Company has early adopted ASU 2016-09 as of October 1
 2016 and does not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-09 to have a material impact on its consolidated financial position
In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#160;2016-02
 Leases (&#8220;ASU 2016-02&#8221;)
 which is intended to improve financial reporting about leasing transactions. This standard requires a lessee to record on the balance sheet the assets and liabilities for the rights and obligations created by lease terms of more than 12&#160;months. This standard will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December&#160;15
 2019
 including interim periods within those fiscal years
 and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of ASU 2016-02 will have on its consolidated financial position
In November 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17
 Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes (&#8220;ASU 2015-17&#8221;)
 which requires that deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as noncurrent in a classified balance sheet.  This standard is effective for annual and interim periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016.  The standard allows for either prospective or retrospective transition and early adoption is permitted.  The Company has early adopted ASU 2015-17 as of December 31
 2015
 however the standard does not have a material impact to the Company&#8217;s historical presentation of current and non-current deferred tax assets and liabilities within the Company&#8217;s consolidated balance sheet due to the predecessor company being a non-taxable pass-through partnership which had zero net deferred tax assets and liabilities recorded.  The early adoption impacted the current and non-current presentation of deferred tax assets and liabilities within the consolidated balance sheet of December 31
 2016
In February 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-2
 &#8220;Consolidation (Topic 820): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis.&#8221; ASU 2015-2 provides a revised consolidation model for all reporting entities to use in evaluating whether they should consolidate certain legal entities. All legal entities will be subject to reevaluation under this revised consolidation model. The revised consolidation model
 among other things
 (i) modifies the evaluation of whether limited partnerships and similar legal entities are voting interest entities
 or VIEs
 (ii) eliminates the presumption that a general partner should consolidate a limited partnership and (iii) modifies the consolidation analysis of reporting entities that are involved with VIEs through fee arrangements and related party relationships. ASU 2015-2 is effective for fiscal years
 and interim reporting periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2015.  Under the ASU
In September 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-16
 Business Combinations (Topic 805)&#8212;Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments (&#8220;ASU 2015-16&#8221;). The standard requires that an acquirer recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. ASU 2015-16 eliminates the requirement to retrospectively account for those adjustments. ASU 2015-16 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2015
 with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted this pronouncement as of the beginning of 2016 and the adoption of this pronouncement did not impact the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial position
In April 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03
 Interest-Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30)&#8212;Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs (&#8220;ASU 2015-03&#8221;)
 which requires debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments in this standard. ASU 2015-03 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2015 and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company adopted ASU 2015-03 as of the beginning of 2016 and changed the presentation of its debt issuance costs for the term loan notes by reclassifying the amounts from deferred finance charges to long-term debt
 net
In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)
 (&#8220;ASU 2014-09&#8221;)
 which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. The ASU will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in U.S. GAAP when it becomes effective. On July 9
 2015
 the FASB decided to delay the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one year. The new standard is effective for the Company on January 1
 2019. Companies may elect to adopt this application as of the original effective date for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2016. The standard permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. In March 2016 and April 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08 and ASU No. 2016-10
 respectively
 which clarifies the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations and also identifies performance obligations and the licensing implementation guidance
 while retaining the related principles for those areas. Based on the analysis conducted to date
The planned adoption dates for all standards not yet implemented are based on the Company&#8217;s current classification as an Emerging Growth Company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (JOBS Act). If this classification changes
 we will re-valuate our timeline for implementing these standards.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







On July 5
 2016
 Gores Holdings
 Company Merger Sub
 the Legacy Hostess Equityholders
 and AP Hostess LP
 in its capacity as the sellers&#8217; representative
 entered into the Master Transaction
 which provides for
 among other things
 (i) the mergers of: (A) Hostess Management
 with and into Hostess Holdings
 with Hostess Holdings
 continuing as the surviving entity; (B) Company Merger Sub with and into AP Hostess Holdings
 with AP Hostess Holdings continuing as the surviving entity; and (C) immediately thereafter
 AP Hostess Holdings with and into the Company
 with the Company continuing as the surviving entity; and (ii) the purchase by the Company of certain of the limited partnership interests in Hostess Holdings held by certain of the Selling Legacy Hostess Equityholders.  The Business Combination was consummated on November 4
479
239
164
883
Hostess Holdings debt assumed by Gores Holdings
1
228
326
2
438
(In thousands
22
239
 of the net cash savings
 if any
 in U.S. federal
 state and local income tax that the Company actually realizes (or is deemed to realize in certain circumstances) in periods after the closing of the Business Combination (which periods may extend
 unless the Tax Receivable Agreement is terminated early in accordance with its terms
 of these cash savings. Certain payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be made to Legacy Hostess Equityholders in accordance with specified percentages
Noncontrolling interest represents the class B units in Hostess Holdings
Class B units of Hostess Holdings
24
264
Class B units of Hostess Holdings
5
62
The Company recorded a preliminary allocation of the purchase price to Predecessor&#8217;s tangible and identified intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed
 excluding long-term debt
58
58
39
2
155
(56
(358
1
408
542
588
2
438
The trade names were valued through application of the income approach
Customer relationships were valued through application of the income approach. Under this approach
 revenue
From January 1
 2016 through November 3
 of expenses were incurred directly related to the Business Combination.  From January 1
 2016 through the date of its last filing for the nine month period ending September 30
 2016
 of transaction related expenses.  From October 1
 2016 through the Closing Date
 of expenses related to the Business Combination.  On the Closing Date
The following unaudited pro forma combined financial information presents the Company&#8217;s results as though the Business Combination had occurred at January 1
Year Ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
727
620
82
44
On May 10
 2016
 the Predecessor purchased the stock of Superior for 
 during the third quarter of 2016
 based on the final closing date working capital amounts
 and included this amount as part of the total purchase price. Superior is located in Southbridge
 Massachusetts and manufactures eclairs
 madeleines
 brownies
 and iced cookies. The Predecessor acquired Superior to expand its market and product offerings in the ISB section of grocery and club retailers. The In-Store Bakery operation has been included in the Company&#8217;s Other reportable segment. The Company expects to realize synergies and cost savings related to this acquisition as a result of purchasing and procurement economies of scale and general and administrative expense savings
The acquisition is being treated as a purchase in accordance with ASC 805
Business Combinations
May 10
1
2
2
7
29
24
(2
(10
51
Amounts recorded for property and equipment includes land
 building
Amounts recorded for intangible assets includes customer relationships
The fair value measurement of tangible and intangible assets and liabilities was based on significant inputs not observable in the market and thus represent Level 3 measurements within the fair value measurement hierarchy. Level 3 fair market values were determined using a variety of information
 including estimated future cash flows
 appraisals
From January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016
. For the period from January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016 (Predecessor) net revenue and net income for Superior was 
 respectively.  For the period from November 4
 2016 through December 31
 2016 (Successor)
 net revenue and net loss for Superior was 
 and 
The acquisition of Superior was deemed not material to the Company under Item 3-05 of Regulation S-X
 and
 therefore
 separate financial statements are not required because Superior does not meet the definition of a &#8220;







The entire disclosure for a business combination (or series of individually immaterial business combinations) completed during the period
 including background
 timing
 and recognized assets and liabilities. The disclosure may include leverage buyout transactions (as applicable).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]





December 31
December 31
30
27
112
109
12
3
154
140
(1
(12
153
128
 (Predecessor) for the year ended December 31
 2016
 for the year ended December 31
 2015.



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







 reportable segments: Sweet Baked Goods and Other. The Company&#8217;s Sweet Baked Goods segment consists of sweet baked goods that are sold under the Hostess&#174; and Dolly Madison&#174; brands. Other consists of Hostess&#174; branded bread and buns
 which we launched in April 2015
 frozen retail (which consists of deep-fried Twinkies&#174;
 launched in August 2016) and &#8220;In-Store Bakery
&#8221; or &#8220;ISB&#8221; (which consists of Superior
 which we purchased in May 2016
 and manufactures and distributes eclairs
 madeleines
 brownies
From November 4

January 1
through November 3
Year Ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
101
569
609
554
10
46
10
111
615
620
554
5
9
9
7
1
5
10
9
7
36
252
258
233
2
14
3
38
266
262
233
7
31
27
56
7
31
27
56
December 31
December 31
2
633
641
214
2
2
847
643
529



































The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue
 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







Goodwill and intangible assets at December 31
 2016 (Successor) are based on the preliminary purchase price allocation of Hostess
Balance as of December 31
56
56
24
24
(56
(24
(81
518
69
588
Balance as of December 31
518
69
588
December 31
December 31
1
408
254
542
10
(3
(1
Intangible assets
1
946
263
 at December 31
 2016 (Successor) and December 31
 2015 (Predecessor)
 at December 31
 2016 (Successor) and December 31
 2015 (Predecessor)
 (Predecessor) for the periods from November 4
 2016 through December 31
 2016 and from January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016
 respectively
 (Predecessor) for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. The unamortized portion of customer relationships will be expensed over their remaining useful life
. The weighted-average amortization periods as of December 31
23
23
23
23
23
418
087



































The entire disclosure for the aggregate amount of goodwill and a description of intangible assets
 which may include (a) for amortizable intangible assets (also referred to as finite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 the amount of any significant residual value
 and the weighted-average amortization period
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization (also referred to as indefinite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 and (c) the amount of research and development assets acquired and written off in the period
 including the line item in the income statement in which the amounts written off are aggregated
 if not readily apparent from the income statement. Also discloses (a) for amortizable intangibles assets in total and by major class
 the gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization
 the total amortization expense for the period
 and the estimated aggregate amortization expense for each of the five succeeding fiscal years
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization the carrying amount in total and by major class
 and (c) for goodwill
 in total and for each reportable segment
 the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill during the period (including the aggregate amount of goodwill acquired
 the aggregate amount of impairment losses recognized
 and the amount of goodwill included in the gain (loss) on disposal of a reporting unit). If any part of goodwill has not been allocated to a reportable segment
 discloses the unallocated amount and the reasons for not allocating. For each impairment loss recognized related to an intangible asset (excluding goodwill)
 discloses: (a) a description of the impaired intangible asset and the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method for determining fair value
 (c) the caption in the income statement or the statement of activities in which the impairment loss is aggregated
 and (d) the segment in which the impaired intangible asset is reported. For each goodwill impairment loss recognized
 discloses: (a) a description of the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method of determining the fair value of the associated reporting unit
 and (c) if a recognized impairment loss is an estimate not finalized and the reasons why the estimate is not final.  May also disclose the nature and amount of any significant adjustments made to a previous estimate of an impairment loss.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







December 31
December 31
Payroll
11
4
1
1
4
11
Taxes
 management fees
1
1
1
1
21
21
162







The entire disclosure for accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 and other liabilities that are classified as current at the end of the reporting period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







As of December 31
13
9
9
9
123
091













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







December&#160;31
December 31
First Lien Term Loan (4.0% as of December 31
998
922
5
(13
1
004
908
Second Lien Term Loan (8.5% as of December 31
300
(5
294
1
004
1
202
(11
(9
993
1
193
A term loan was originated on November 18
 2016 through the Company&#8217;s subsidiary
 Hostess Brands
 of the aggregate principal balance with the remaining principal amount due upon maturity on August 3
The proceeds from the New First Lien Term Loan paid the remaining balance on the First and Second Lien Term Loans (referred to below as the Former First Lien Term Loan and Former Second Lien Term Loan
 respectively) previously incurred by Hostess Brands
 LLC of 
 respectively
 as part of the deleverage and refinancing
Prior to the refinancing
 per annum
 based on the net first lien leverage ratio
 of the aggregate principal amount through August 3
 2022
Prior to the refinancing
 per annum.  The aggregate principal amount was due with a balloon payment on the Second Lien Term Loan maturity date of August 3
In connection with the Business Combination
 were capitalized as part of the refinancing.  Lender debt discount costs
 premium
 (Successor) for the period ended December 31
 2016. For the Second Lien Term Loan and Revolver (as defined below)
9
9
9
9
9
948
A Revolving Credit Agreement (the &#8220;Revolver&#8221;) was entered into on August 3
. The Revolver has a stated maturity date of August 3
 2020 and is secured by liens on substantially all of Hostess Brands&#8217; present and future assets
 including accounts receivable and inventories
 as defined in the Revolver. The Revolver is pari passu
 or ranked equally
Interest on borrowings under the Revolver is
 at Hostess Brands&#8217; option
The Company has not borrowed any funds under the Revolver as of December 31
 2016. See Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies for information regarding the letters of credits
 (Predecessor) for the ended December 31
 2016
 respectively
 for the  year ended December 31
 2015.



































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







200
000
50
000
 shares of Class B common stock.  As of December 31
 2016
98
250
31
704
Shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock have identical voting rights.  However
 shares of Class B common stock do not participate in earnings or dividends of the Company.  Ownership of shares of Class B common stock is restricted to owners of Class B units in Hostess Holdings. Class B units in Hostess Holdings may be exchanged (together with the cancellation of an equivalent number of shares of Class B common stock) by the holders thereof for
 at the election of the Company
 shares of Class A common stock or the cash equivalent of such shares.  From November 4
 2016 through December 31
661
661
As of December 31
 2016
37
500
19
000
 per half share
 after the completion of the Business Combination on November 4
 after that date
 or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. Once the warrants become exercisable
 per warrant
 trading day period ending on the third business day before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. The private placement warrants
 however
Prior to the Business Combination
46
875
 shares of common stock issued and outstanding
37
500
 shares originally sold as part as part of the Gores Holdings&#8217; initial public offering (the &#8220;IPO&#8221;) consummated on June 1
9
375
37
500
 shares of common stock sold as part of the IPO contained a redemption feature which allowed for the redemption of such shares.  This redemption provision generally required Gores Holdings to classify these shares outside of permanent equity
 per share.  Prior to the Business Combination
2
168
 shares were reclassified to equity as shareholders waived their redemption rights.  In connection with the Business Combination
 shares were redeemed
35
331
9
375
000



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







Basic loss per share is calculated by dividing net loss attributable to the Company&#8217;s class A shareholders for the Successor period by the weighted average number of class A common shares outstanding for the period. In computing dilutive loss per share
 basic loss per share is adjusted for the assumed issuance of all applicable potentially dilutive share-based awards
(In thousands
&#160;From November 4
 2016 through December 31
(4
97
791
2
573
386













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method. Under this method
 deferred tax liabilities and assets are determined based on the difference between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the difference is expected to reverse. Additionally
 the impact of changes in the tax rates and laws on deferred taxes
 if any
November 4

January 1

(6
(1
(7
Income tax expense (benefit)
(7
The Company was a nontaxable partnership in the Predecessor years ended December 31
 2015 and December 31
 2014. In the Predecessor period January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016
 Superior
 a C corporation
As a result of the Business Combination
 the Company acquired a controlling interest in Hostess Holdings
 which is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal and most applicable state and local income tax purposes. As a partnership
 Hostess Holdings is not itself subject to U.S. federal and certain state and local income taxes. Any taxable income or loss generated by Hostess Holdings is passed through to and included in the taxable income or loss of its partners
 including the Company following the Business Combination
 on a pro rata basis. The Company is subject to U.S. federal income taxes
The operations of Hostess Holdings include those of its C corporation subsidiaries.  These C corporation subsidiaries are subject to U.S. federal
 state and local income taxes.  The Company&#8217;s tax provision includes income taxes for both the pro rata share of Hostess Holdings income or loss passed through to the Company
For the periods from November 4 through December 31
 2016 (Successor) and January 1 through November 3
 2016 (Predecessor)
November 4

January 1

State and local income taxes
December 31
December 31
10
9
2
1
23
22
(363
(1
(11
(376
(353
The recognition of deferred tax assets is based on management&#8217;s belief that it is more likely than not that the tax benefits associated with temporary differences
 net operating loss carryforwards and tax credits will be utilized. The Company assesses the recoverability of the deferred tax assets on an ongoing basis. In making this assessment
 the Company considers all positive and negative evidence
 and all potential sources of taxable income including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities
 tax-planning strategies
Prior to the acquisition of Hostess Holdings
 the Company did not have a significant source of taxable income to support the realization of its deferred tax assets and therefore had a full valuation allowance booked on its deferred tax assets.  The Company re-evaluated its conclusion on November 4
The Company and its C corporation subsidiaries file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction
 and various state and local jurisdictions. For federal tax purposes
 the Company&#8217;s and its C corporation subsidiaries&#8217; 2013 through 2016 tax years remain open for examination by the tax authorities under the normal three year statute of limitations. Generally
 for state tax purposes
 the Company&#8217;s and its C corporation subsidiaries&#8217; 2013 through 2016 tax years remain open for examination by the tax authorities under a three year statute of limitations. Should the Company or its C corporation subsidiaries utilize any of their U.S. or state loss carryforwards
 their carryforward losses
 which date back to 2003
At December 31
 2016
 the Company and its C corporation subsidiaries had available federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 
 respectively.  These carryforwards expire from 2030 to 2036. Of these NOL carryforwards
  
 respectively
 are subject to annual limitations due to a change in ownership of the Company and its C corporation subsidiaries as defined in the Internal Revenue Code. The Company and its C corporation subsidiaries also had various state net operating loss carryforwards totaling approximately 
 respectively. Of these NOL carryforwards
 
 respectively
 are subject to an annual limitation due to an ownership change of the Company and its C corporation subsidiaries. Unless utilized
 unrecognized tax benefits at December 31
 2016
 that if recognized
Interest and penalties related to income tax liabilities
 if incurred
 are included in income tax expense in the consolidated statement of operations. For the fiscal years ended December&#160;31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 we have 



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







Liabilities related to legal proceedings are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the associated amount can be reasonably estimated. Where the estimated amount of loss is within a range of amounts and no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount
As additional information becomes available
 the potential liabilities related to these matters are reassessed and the estimates revised
 if necessary. These accrued liabilities are subject to change in the future based on new developments in each matter
 or changes in circumstances
In November 2015
 the Company gave notice of termination of its broker agreement with National Frozen Distribution Consultants
 LLC (&#8220;NFDC&#8221;) for cause under the terms of the agreement.&#160; Thereafter
 plus attorney&#8217;s fees and costs for breach of a confidentiality agreement
 violation of the Missouri Uniform Trade Secrets Act
 breach of contract
From time to time
 the Company is subject to various other legal actions
 lawsuits
 claims and proceedings related to products
 employment
 environmental regulations
Based upon information presently known
 the Company does not believe that the ultimate resolution of such matters will have a material effect on the Company&#8217;s financial position
In the ordinary course of business
 the Company has entered into operating leases for office equipment and bakery equipment. Rental expense under these operating leases through December 31
In February 2016
 the Company entered into a lease agreement for a distribution center located in Shorewood
 Illinois. The term of the lease is from April 1
 2016 through March 31
In October 2014
 the Company sold its corporate office located at 1 East Armour Boulevard in Kansas City
 Missouri. The transaction was completed as a sale leaseback
 resulting in the Company retaining the office space as a tenant of the third party purchaser through at least December 31
 2015 as outlined in the lease agreement. The Company has subsequently extended the lease through December 31
In addition
 the Company entered into a bond-lease agreement with the Development Authority of Columbus
 GA on December 1
 2013
 which was amended in December
. As the issuer and holder of the bonds
 the Company is not required to make lease payments. On December 16
 2013
 the Company received an ad valorem tax agreement from the Columbus
 GA Board of Tax Assessors granting tax abatement for the real and personal property located at the Company&#8217;s Columbus
 (Successor) for November 4
 2016 through December 31
 (Predecessor) for the period January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016
 for the year ended December 31
 for the year ended December 31
Future minimum non-cancellable rental payments as of December 31
2
2
4
As of December 31
 2016
As a result of the acquisition of Superior on May 10
 2016
 for a lease located at Southbridge
The Company has entered into various long-term arrangements through advance purchase contracts to lock in prices for certain high-volume raw materials
 packaging components and fuel for normal product production requirements. These advance purchase arrangements are contractual agreements and can only be canceled with a termination penalty that is based upon the current market price of the commodity at the time of cancellation. These agreements qualify for the &#8220;normal purchase&#8221; exception under ASC 815; therefore
In April 2016 and April 2013
 the Company entered into Letter of Credit arrangements to provide for the issuance of standby letters of credit in the amount of $
On June 3
 2016
710
 cases of snack cakes and donuts as a direct result of the recall by the Company&#8217;s supplier
 Grain Craft
200
 to Other income in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Predecessor period ended November 3
 2016. As a result
 this recall did not result in any expense (not including lost sales during this period of time) for the year ended December 31
 2016
On January 9
 2017
 the Company announced a voluntary recall of certain products because of a recall of the milk powder ingredients used in the confectionary coating due to a concern of 













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







Prior to the Business Combination
 the Company was party to an agreement to employ Mr. Metropoulos as the Executive Chairman. The agreement
 dated April 2013
 included payment of an annual salary
 a performance bonus at the discretion of the board of directors
 and expenses related to the use of his personal aircraft. From January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016 (Predecessor)
 
 was expensed by the Company for this compensation agreement. For the year ended December 31
 2015
As part of the Business Combination
 the Company agreed to grant future shares of Class A Common Stock to Mr. Metropoulos if certain EBITDA thresholds are met for the year ended December 31
 shares. &#160;Based on the nature of the arrangement
 the potential grants are considered to be compensation for future services to be provided by Mr. Metropoulos. &#160; As of December 31
 2016
Also in connection with the Business Combination
 the Company entered into an Executive Chairman Employment Agreement with Mr. Metropoulos.  Under the terms of this agreement
2
496
(In thousands
2
28
26
As these units are subject to certain sales restrictions
Also under the terms of this agreement
 the Company is obligated to grant additional equity (in the form of either shares of Class A common stock of the Company
 shares. As of December 31
 2016
For periods prior to the Business Combination
 related party expenses consisted of the normal annual cash payments associated with our employment arrangements with Mr. Metropoulos as Chief Executive Officer and/or Executive Chairman.  For the Successor Period November 4
 2016 through December 31
 2016
 related party expenses consisted of a grant of stock awarded to Mr. Metropoulos under his new employment arrangements.  Following the consummation of the Business Combination
The Company entered into a lease agreement in July 2013
 with an entity controlled by Mr. Metropoulos to lease a portion of its Dallas
 TX office. The rental payments were immaterial to the Company for the ended December 31
 2016
 as well as the year ended December 31
 of the aggregate principal amount outstanding under the Second Lien Term Loan issued in August 2015
The Company has a trademark license agreement
 effective in March 2014
 with AGS Capital LLC
 an affiliate of Apollo Management
 L.P.
 which uses the Company&#8217;s trademarks for gaming machines and internet applications. The income received related to this agreement was immaterial for the year ended December 31
 2016
 as well as the year ended December 31
 2015.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







&#160;From November 4
 2016 through December 31
&#160;From October 1
 2016 through November 3
&#160;Quarter&#160;Ended September 30
&#160;Quarter&#160;Ended June 30
&#160;Quarter&#160;Ended March&#160;31
111
66
196
192
160
(9
(15
47
52
37
(8
(21
33
29
18
Year Ended December 31
&#160;Quarter&#160;Ended December 31
&#160;Quarter&#160;Ended September 30
&#160;Quarter&#160;Ended June 30
&#160;Quarter&#160;Ended March&#160;31
620
147
158
168
146
155
35
31
47
41
88
17
(4
43
32
437



































The entire disclosure for quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 tabular presentation of financial information for fiscal quarters
 effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability of the information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







On January 9
 2017
 the Company voluntarily recalled its Holiday White Peppermint Twinkies because of a recall by Blommer Chocolate Company of the confectionary coating used on the  product. The confectionary coating contained milk powder ingredients recalled by Valley Milk Products
 contamination. Although it is too early to estimate the total cost of the recall
 the Company currently expects these costs to be immaterial and to fully recover such costs from its third-party indemnities.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







In the Consolidated Statements of Operations
 amortization of customer relationships (previously within general and administrative) have been presented separately from general and administrative in the current year presentation
 with conforming reclassifications made for the prior period presentation. In the Consolidated Balance Sheets
 customer trade allowances (previously netted as an allowance against trade accounts receivable) are presented in current liabilities
 with conforming reclassifications made for the prior period presentation.




The Business Combination was accounted for as a business combination under the scope of the Financial Accounting Standards Board&#8217;s Accounting Standards Codification 805
 Business Combinations
 or ASC 805. In addition
 pursuant to ASC 810
 Consolidations
 or ASC 810
 the Company has determined that Hostess Holdings
 a limited partnership
 is a VIE.   The Company determined there are neither any applicable scope exceptions from the consolidation guidance under ASC 810 nor any VIE scope exceptions in ASC 810 applicable to Hostess Holdings. Furthermore
 it was determined that the Company is the primary beneficiary of the VIE and
 therefore
 the accounting acquirer under ASC 805. The Company determined that
 through Hostess GP
 it has the power to direct all of the activities of Hostess Holdings
The acquisition of Hostess Holdings constitutes the acquisition of a business for purposes of ASC 805
 and due to the change in control
 has been accounted for using the acquisition method. Under the acquisition method
 the acquisition-date fair value of the gross consideration paid by the Company to effect the Business Combination is allocated to the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values including Hostess GP&#8217;s variable interest in Hostess Holdings.









The consolidated financial statements included herein have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (&#8220;U.S. GAAP&#8221;) and the rules and regulations of Securities and Exchange Commission (&#8220;SEC&#8221;). The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its majority-owned or controlled subsidiaries
For the Successor period from November 4
 2016 through December 31
 2016
 Hostess Brands
 Inc. consolidated the financial position and results of operations of Hostess Holdings.  Mr. Metropoulos and the Metropoulos Entities hold their equity investment in us primarily through Class B limited partnership units in the Company&#8217;s subsidiary
 Hostess Holdings (&#8220;Class B Units&#8221;) and an equal number of shares of the Company&#8217;s Class B common stock (&#8220;Class B Stock&#8221;).  Our Class B Stock has voting
 but no economic
 rights
 while Hostess Holdings&#8217; Class B Units have economic
 but no voting
 rights.  Each Class B Unit
 together with a share of Class B Stock held by the Metropoulos Entities
 is exchangeable for a share of the Company&#8217;s Class A common stock (or at the option of the Company
 of the general partnership interest in Hostess Holdings and a majority of the limited partnership interests
 and consolidates Hostess Holdings in the Company&#8217;s Consolidated Financial Statements.  The interest of the Metropoulos Entities in Hostess Holdings&#8217; Class B Units is reflected in our Consolidated Financial Statements as a noncontrolling interest. The noncontrolling interest was recorded at fair value at November 4
For the Predecessor periods
 Hostess Holdings consolidated the financial position and results of operations of New Hostess Holdco LLC. The portion of the New Hostess Holdco
 LLC not owned by Hostess Holdings was recognized as a noncontrolling interest in the Consolidated Financial Statements.  The non-controlling interest presented in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet represents the amount of cash that would be payable to the non-controlling interest holders if the Company were liquidated at book value as of the balance sheet date. The difference between the calculated liquidation distribution amounts at the beginning and the end of the reporting period
 is the share of the earnings or losses allocated to non-controlling interest for the period.




The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements for the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Management utilizes estimates
 including
 but not limited to
 valuation and useful lives of tangible and intangible assets
 shipments in-transit
 reserves for trade and promotional allowances
 insurance recoveries and other costs related to the voluntary product recall
 workers&#8217; compensation and self-insured medical claims. Actual results could differ from these estimates. Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform with current year presentation.




The Predecessor established a profits interest plan under the 2013 Hostess Management
Hostess Management was authorized to issue class A units to Hostess Holdings members
 class B units to management
916
 class C units to Mr. Metropoulos. In March 2016
 as a result of the second amendment to the Hostess Management
 LLC Agreement
1
282
1
652
 units and therefore
370
On March 18
 2016
 class B units
593
630
 were granted to certain members of management. The units vest at a rate of one-fifth at approximately the end of each year
 or at the management member&#8217;s anniversary employment date
 over 
 per share was used to estimate the fair value of the class B units and was based upon a contemporaneous valuation reflecting market conditions on March 18
 during the years ended December 31
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively
 of expense was recognized from January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016 (Predecessor)
 of expense due to a grant agreement provision which caused the accelerated vesting of units granted prior to January 1
 2016 upon consummation of the Business Combination and the accelerated vesting of units granted in 2016 based on the approval of the board of directors.  This provision was triggered by the consummation of the Business Combination.  All units were redeemed and the Plan was terminated on November 4
 2016.  As of December 31
 2016
The following table represents the non-vested class B unit activity for the period ended November 3
Beginning balance at January 1
368
593
(50
(911
Nonvested at November 3
During the year ended December 31
 2015
At December 31
 2015
 of deferred partner distributions were due to class B and class C unit holders
 was current
 was long-term. All deferred partner distributions were paid on November 4
 2016 from restricted cash concurrent with the Business Combination. The funding of the restricted cash is included within distributions to non-controlling interest in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as a financing activity.




The Company provides several benefit plans for employees depending upon employee eligibility. The Company has a health care plan
 a defined contribution retirement plan (401(k))
 company-sponsored life insurance
 and other benefit plans. The health care plan
 available to all full-time employees
 is self-insured by the Company. Amounts contributed to the health care plan by the Company
 for the Predecessor period from January 1
 2016 through November 3
 for the Successor period from November 4
 2016 through December 31
 2016. Comparatively
 for the years ended December 31
 2015
 and 2014
 the Company contributed 
 at December 31
 2016 (Successor) and December 31
 2015 (Predecessor)
The Company has also instituted a long-term incentive plan for certain director-level employees
 payment under which is contingent on changes in certain ownership levels.  Amounts paid in the year ended December 31
 2015 and the Predecessor period from January 1
 2016 through November 3
 2016 are reported as special employee incentive compensation in the Consolidated Statement of Operations.




Under the Company&#8217;s cash management system
 checks that have been issued and are out of the control of the Company
 but which have not cleared the bank by the balance sheet date
 are reported as a reduction of cash.









Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market on a first-in first-out basis. The Company estimates its costs for ingredients
 packaging
Abnormal amounts of idle facility expense
 freight
 handling costs
 and wasted material (spoilage) are expensed in the period they are incurred.




At the acquisition date
 years for machinery and equipment. In order to maximize the efficiency of the Company&#8217;s operations and to operate the acquired equipment
 occasionally the Company will remove and relocate equipment between bakeries. Such removal and relocation costs are expensed as incurred. Reinstallation costs are capitalized if the useful life is extended or the equipment is significantly improved. Otherwise
 reinstallation costs are expensed as incurred. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense when incurred. Expenditures for major renewals and betterments
 which extend the useful lives of existing property and equipment
Upon retirement or disposition of property and equipment
From January 1 through November 3
 2016
 the Predecessor closed multiple production lines at the Indianapolis
 Indiana bakery and transitioned production to other facilities. The Predecessor recorded an impairment loss of 
 related to equipment that the Company had idled
 or which otherwise qualified for impairment. The measurement of this loss was considered to be based on Level 3 inputs within the fair value measurement hierarchy as defined in the accounting guidance. Level 3 fair values were determined using management&#8217;s best estimate of fair value for assets that were idled and written-down to salvage value. Assets that the Predecessor no longer intended to use were retired. Gains and losses on the disposal of assets are recorded as the difference between the net proceeds received and net carrying values of the assets disposed and are presented within loss on sale/abandonment of property and equipment and bakery shutdown costs in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.




Costs associated with computer software projects during the preliminary project stage are expensed as incurred. Once management authorizes and commits to funding a project
 at December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
 respectively.




Bakery shutdown costs are considered to be non-recurring activities an entity undertakes when it closes a facility
 or terminates a significant process related to operations.




The Company utilizes valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs to the best extent possible. The Company determines fair value based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability in the principal or most advantageous market. When considering market participant assumptions in fair value measurements
 the following fair value hierarchy distinguishes between observable and unobservable inputs
Level 2 inputs: Other than quoted prices included in Level 1 inputs that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
Level 3 inputs: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability used to measure fair value to the extent that observable inputs are not available
 thereby allowing for situations in which there is little
 if any
 market activity for the asset or liability at measurement date




Fair value is defined as the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The Company estimates that the carrying amount of its financial instruments reasonably approximates fair value. At December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
 the approximate fair value of the Company&#8217;s debt was 
 respectively. The fair value is calculated using current interest rates and pricing from financial institutions (Level 2 inputs).




At December 31
 2016
At December 31
 represents the excess of the amount the Predecessor paid for the business over fair value of the assets acquired
 balance at December 31
 balance at December 31
 2015 resulted from the formation of the Predecessor in 2013. The trademarks and trade names are integral to the Company&#8217;s identity and are expected to contribute indefinitely to its corporate cash flows. Fair value for trademarks was determined using the income approach
 which is considered to be Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. The application of the income approach was premised on a royalty savings method
 whereby the trademark is valued by reference to the amount of royalty income it could generate if it was licensed
 in an arm&#8217;s&#8209;length transaction
Also
 balance on December 31
 balance at December 31
 2015
 resulted from the formation of the Predecessor in 2013. For customer relationships
 the application of the income approach was premised on an excess earnings method
 whereby the customer relationships are valued by the earnings expected to be generated from those customers after other capital charges. Definite-lived intangible assets are being amortized on a straight&#8209;line basis over the estimated remaining useful lives of the assets. 




 for each participant per plan year. In addition
 the Company maintains insurance programs covering its exposure to workers&#8217; compensation. Such programs include the retention of certain levels of risks and costs through high deductibles and other risk retention strategies. Reserves for the Company&#8217;s retained exposures are estimated for reported but unpaid losses
 as well as incurred but not reported losses
 and are calculated based upon actuarially determined loss development factors
 expected long-term medical cost trend rates
 future administrative costs
 and other assumptions considered by management
 including assumptions provided by external insurance brokers
 consultants
 and actuaries. The factors and assumptions used for estimating reserves are subject to change based upon experience
 changes in expected cost and inflation trends
 discount rates
 and other factors. Adjustments to previously established reserves are included in operating results in the period of adjustment.




The Company invoices at the time of shipment of its product
 but only recognizes revenue upon delivery to retail customers and distributors as the Company arranges freight and is generally responsible
 along with the Company&#8217;s common carriers
 for any damage that occurs during transportation. The Company allows retail customers and distributors to return product that is damaged or defective at the time of delivery. A provision for payment discounts and product return allowances
 which is estimated based upon the Company&#8217;s historical performance
 management&#8217;s experience and current economic trends
The Company&#8217;s products are sold on credit terms established in accordance with industry practice
 which typically requires payment within 30 days of invoice date. Trade promotions
 consisting primarily of customer pricing allowances and merchandising funds
 and consumer coupons are offered through various programs to customers and consumers. Sales are recorded net of estimated trade promotion spending
The Company participates in a number of promotional activities including
 but not limited to
 offering rebates for achieving various performance levels
 offering incentives for product placement locations in retail stores
 offering pricing discounts for those customers electing to provide their own transportation for shipment of product and offering subsidies for advertising placed by customers. In lieu of accepting returns
 the Company offers an allowance for anticipated expired and damaged products to certain customers. The ultimate cost of these programs depends on retailer performance and is the subject of significant management estimates. The Company records as expense the estimated ultimate cost of the program in the period during which the program occurs. In accordance with the authoritative guidance for revenue recognition
 the cost of these programs is classified in the Consolidated Statements of Operations as a reduction of net sales. Also
 in accordance with the guidance
 coupon redemption costs are also recognized as reductions of net revenues when issued. 




Cost of goods sold consists of ingredients
 packaging
 labor
 energy
 other production costs and warehousing and transportation costs for the distribution of product to customers. The cost of ingredients and packaging represent the majority of the Company&#8217;s total costs of products sold. All costs that are incurred at the bakeries are included in cost of goods sold. The Company does not allocate any corporate functions into cost of goods sold.




Advertising and marketing costs
 through both national and regional media
 are expensed in the period in which the advertisements are run.




The Predecessor acquired Superior
 a Subchapter C corporation  in May 2016. As a result of its form of organization
 Superior is subject to income taxes
 which are reflected in the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements. Historically
 (Predecessor) for the year ended December 31
 2016. For the Successor period
 the rate is higher than the U.S. statutory rate of 
 primarily due to the reversal of a previously recorded valuation allowance and state and local income taxes. For the Predecessor
 because the majority of the Company&#8217;s income was earned through the limited liability companies
As a result of the Business Combination
 Hostess Brands
 Inc. acquired a controlling interest in Hostess Holdings
 which is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal and most applicable state and local income tax purposes. As a partnership
 Hostess Holdings is not directly subject to U.S. federal and certain state and local income taxes. Any taxable income or loss generated by Hostess Holdings is passed through to and included in the taxable income or loss of its partners
 including the Company following the Business Combination
 on a pro rata basis. The Company is subject to U.S. federal income taxes
 in addition to state and local income taxes with respect to its allocable share of any taxable income of Hostess Holdings following the Business Combination.




The Company is involved in various lawsuits
 claims and proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Management records an estimate to accrue for loss contingencies if it believes it is probable that a liability was incurred as of the date of the financial statements and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. 




In March 2016
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) No.&#160;2016-09
 Compensation&#8212;Stock Compensation (Topic 718)
 Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting (&#8220;ASU 2016-09&#8221;)
 which is intended to improve financial reporting about share-based payment transactions. This guidance simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment awards to employees including accounting for income taxes
 forfeitures
 statutory tax withholding requirements and classification in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 will be effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted. The Company has early adopted ASU 2016-09 as of October 1
 2016 and does not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-09 to have a material impact on its consolidated financial position
In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#160;2016-02
 Leases (&#8220;ASU 2016-02&#8221;)
 which is intended to improve financial reporting about leasing transactions. This standard requires a lessee to record on the balance sheet the assets and liabilities for the rights and obligations created by lease terms of more than 12&#160;months. This standard will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December&#160;15
 2019
 including interim periods within those fiscal years
 and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of ASU 2016-02 will have on its consolidated financial position
In November 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17
 Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes (&#8220;ASU 2015-17&#8221;)
 which requires that deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as noncurrent in a classified balance sheet.  This standard is effective for annual and interim periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016.  The standard allows for either prospective or retrospective transition and early adoption is permitted.  The Company has early adopted ASU 2015-17 as of December 31
 2015
 however the standard does not have a material impact to the Company&#8217;s historical presentation of current and non-current deferred tax assets and liabilities within the Company&#8217;s consolidated balance sheet due to the predecessor company being a non-taxable pass-through partnership which had zero net deferred tax assets and liabilities recorded.  The early adoption impacted the current and non-current presentation of deferred tax assets and liabilities within the consolidated balance sheet of December 31
 2016
In February 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-2
 &#8220;Consolidation (Topic 820): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis.&#8221; ASU 2015-2 provides a revised consolidation model for all reporting entities to use in evaluating whether they should consolidate certain legal entities. All legal entities will be subject to reevaluation under this revised consolidation model. The revised consolidation model
 among other things
 (i) modifies the evaluation of whether limited partnerships and similar legal entities are voting interest entities
 or VIEs
 (ii) eliminates the presumption that a general partner should consolidate a limited partnership and (iii) modifies the consolidation analysis of reporting entities that are involved with VIEs through fee arrangements and related party relationships. ASU 2015-2 is effective for fiscal years
 and interim reporting periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2015.  Under the ASU
In September 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-16
 Business Combinations (Topic 805)&#8212;Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments (&#8220;ASU 2015-16&#8221;). The standard requires that an acquirer recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. ASU 2015-16 eliminates the requirement to retrospectively account for those adjustments. ASU 2015-16 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2015
 with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted this pronouncement as of the beginning of 2016 and the adoption of this pronouncement did not impact the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial position
In April 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03
 Interest-Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30)&#8212;Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs (&#8220;ASU 2015-03&#8221;)
 which requires debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments in this standard. ASU 2015-03 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2015 and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company adopted ASU 2015-03 as of the beginning of 2016 and changed the presentation of its debt issuance costs for the term loan notes by reclassifying the amounts from deferred finance charges to long-term debt
 net
In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)
 (&#8220;ASU 2014-09&#8221;)
 which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. The ASU will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in U.S. GAAP when it becomes effective. On July 9
 2015
 the FASB decided to delay the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one year. The new standard is effective for the Company on January 1
 2019. Companies may elect to adopt this application as of the original effective date for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2016. The standard permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. In March 2016 and April 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08 and ASU No. 2016-10
 respectively
 which clarifies the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations and also identifies performance obligations and the licensing implementation guidance
 while retaining the related principles for those areas. Based on the analysis conducted to date
The planned adoption dates for all standards not yet implemented are based on the Company&#8217;s current classification as an Emerging Growth Company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (JOBS Act). If this classification changes
 we will re-valuate our timeline for implementing these standards.







Employee Benefit Plans
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
























































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for completed business combinations (purchase method
 acquisition method or combination of entities under common control). This accounting policy may include a general discussion of the purchase method or acquisition method of accounting (including for example
 the treatment accorded contingent consideration
 the identification of assets and liabilities
 the purchase price allocation process
 how the fair values of acquired assets and liabilities are determined) and the entity's specific application thereof. An entity that acquires another entity in a leveraged buyout transaction generally discloses the accounting policy followed by the acquiring entity in determining the basis used to value its interest in the acquired entity
 and the rationale for that accounting policy.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for commitments and contingencies
 which may include policies for recognizing and measuring loss and gain contingencies.




























Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for recognition of costs in the period which correspond to the sales and revenue categories presented in the statement of operations. The accounting policy may include the amount and nature of costs incurred
 provisions associated with inventories
 purchase discounts
 freight and other costs included in cost of sales incurred and recorded in the period. This disclosure also includes the nature of costs of sales incurred and recorded in the statement of operations for the period relating to transactions with related parties.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for costs associated with exit or disposal activities or restructurings that do not involve an entity newly acquired in a business combination or a discontinued operation as defined by generally accepted accounting principles. Such costs include one-time termination benefits
 costs to terminate an operating lease or other contract
 and costs to consolidate or close facilities and relocate employees
 but exclude costs associated ongoing benefit arrangements and costs associated with the retirement of a long-lived asset.
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 5.P.3
4)



























Disclosure of accounting policy for fair value measurements of financial and non-financial assets
 liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for costs incurred when both (1) the software is acquired
 internally developed
 or modified solely to meet the entity's internal needs
 and (2) during the software's development or modification
 no substantive plan exists or is being developed to market the software externally.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for self-insurance reserves
 including
 but not limited to incurred but not reported reserves (IBNR).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for stock option and stock incentive plans. This disclosure may include (1) the types of stock option or incentive plans sponsored by the entity (2) the groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) significant plan provisions and (4) how stock compensation is measured
 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)



























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivables. This disclosure may include the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (for example
 net realizable value)
 how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts
 when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized
 and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including its treatment of related fees and costs
 its treatment of premiums
 discounts or unearned income
 when accrual of interest is discontinued
 how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans
 disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums
 discounts
 and nonrefundable fees and costs.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







The following table represents the non-vested class B unit activity for the period ended November 3
Beginning balance at January 1
368
593
(50
(911
Nonvested at November 3
 2016




December 31
December&#160;31
12
12
14
10
3
2
30
25
130




November 4

January 1

December 31
December 31
 2014



































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.

























































Tabular disclosure of the nature of a concentration
 a benchmark to which it is compared
 and the percentage that the risk is to the benchmark.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







479
239
164
883
Hostess Holdings debt assumed by Gores Holdings
1
228
326
2
438
(In thousands
22
239
 of the net cash savings
 if any
 in U.S. federal
 state and local income tax that the Company actually realizes (or is deemed to realize in certain circumstances) in periods after the closing of the Business Combination (which periods may extend
 unless the Tax Receivable Agreement is terminated early in accordance with its terms
 of these cash savings. Certain payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be made to Legacy Hostess Equityholders in accordance with specified percentages
Noncontrolling interest represents the class B units in Hostess Holdings
Class B units of Hostess Holdings
24
264
Class B units of Hostess Holdings
5
62
086




(In thousands
22
239
323




The following unaudited pro forma combined financial information presents the Company&#8217;s results as though the Business Combination had occurred at January 1
Year Ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
727
620
82
44
604




The Company recorded a preliminary allocation of the purchase price to Predecessor&#8217;s tangible and identified intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed
 excluding long-term debt
58
58
39
2
155
(56
(358
1
408
542
588
2
438
The trade names were valued through application of the income approach
Customer relationships were valued through application of the income approach. Under this approach
 revenue
May 10
1
2
2
7
29
24
(2
(10
51
Amounts recorded for property and equipment includes land
 building
Amounts recorded for intangible assets includes customer relationships
 trade names and trademarks.
































































Tabular disclosure of the equity interest issued or issuable in a business acquisition (or series of individually immaterial business acquisitions) planned
 initiated
 or completed during the period.




























Tabular disclosure of a material business combination completed during the period
 including background
 timing
 and recognized assets and liabilities. This table  does not include leveraged buyouts.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]





December 31
December 31
30
27
112
109
12
3
154
140
(1
(12
153
128
078



































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







From November 4

January 1
through November 3
Year Ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
101
569
609
554
10
46
10
111
615
620
554
5
9
9
7
1
5
10
9
7
36
252
258
233
2
14
3
38
266
262
233
7
31
27
56
7
31
27
56
December 31
December 31
2
633
641
214
2
2
847
643
529







Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker
 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







Balance as of December 31
56
56
24
24
(56
(24
(81
518
69
588
Balance as of December 31
518
69
588
460




December 31
December 31
1
408
254
542
10
(3
(1
Intangible assets
1
946
263
579




December 31
December 31
1
408
254
542
10
(3
(1
Intangible assets
1
946
263
579




23
23
23
23
23
418
087



































Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life
 by either major class or business segment.

























































Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and exist in perpetuity
 by either major class or business segment.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(d)





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







December 31
December 31
Payroll
11
4
1
1
4
11
Taxes
 management fees
1
1
1
1
21
21
162













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







As of December 31
13
9
9
9
123
091







Tax Receivable Agreement
 Fiscal Year Maturity Schedule [Table Text Block]





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







December&#160;31
December 31
First Lien Term Loan (4.0% as of December 31
998
922
5
(13
1
004
908
Second Lien Term Loan (8.5% as of December 31
300
(5
294
1
004
1
202
(11
(9
993
1
193
667




9
9
9
9
9
948
813



































Tabular disclosure of long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including identification
 terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the entity
 if longer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(e)
(f))





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







(In thousands
&#160;From November 4
 2016 through December 31
(4
97
791
2
573
386



































Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations
 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







November 4

January 1

(6
(1
(7
Income tax expense (benefit)
(7
762




For the periods from November 4 through December 31
 2016 (Successor) and January 1 through November 3
 2016 (Predecessor)
November 4

January 1

State and local income taxes
 net of federal benefit 




December 31
December 31
10
9
2
1
23
22
(363
(1
(11
(376
(353
797



































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







Future minimum non-cancellable rental payments as of December 31
2
2
4
627













































Tabular disclosure of key provisions of an arrangement under which the entity has agreed to purchase goods or services over a period of time greater than one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 including the item for which expenditures will be made
 minimum quantities
 milestones
 time period and committed amount.




























Tabular disclosure of future minimum lease payments as of the date of the latest balance sheet presented
 in aggregate and for each of the five years succeeding fiscal years
 with separate deductions from the total for the amount representing executor costs
 including any profit thereon
 included in the minimum lease payments and for the amount of the imputed interest necessary to reduce the net minimum lease payments to present value.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







(In thousands
2
28
26
747



































Tabular disclosure of related party transactions. Examples of related party transactions include
 but are not limited to
 transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners and (d) affiliates.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







&#160;From November 4
 2016 through December 31
&#160;From October 1
 2016 through November 3
&#160;Quarter&#160;Ended September 30
&#160;Quarter&#160;Ended June 30
&#160;Quarter&#160;Ended March&#160;31
111
66
196
192
160
(9
(15
47
52
37
(8
(21
33
29
18
Year Ended December 31
&#160;Quarter&#160;Ended December 31
&#160;Quarter&#160;Ended September 30
&#160;Quarter&#160;Ended June 30
&#160;Quarter&#160;Ended March&#160;31
620
147
158
168
146
155
35
31
47
41
88
17
(4
43
32
437



































Tabular disclosure of quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 financial information for fiscal quarters
 cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016





















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands


































































Common units
 number of classes | class


















































Ownership interest
 percentage
















Common units
 number of classes | class









































900

















655

















225























































096






























































































652
759








282
534









225





















































900


400















200

















































652
759
000








282
534







630




630















































500



















Common Stock
 Number of Classes




























Profit Sharing Plan
 Percentage




























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period
 Fair Value




























Represents the expense recognized during the period arising from equity-based compensation arrangements (for example
 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.

























































The equity interest of noncontrolling shareholders
 partners or other equity holders in consolidated entity.




























The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalent items which are restricted as to withdrawal or usage. Restrictions may include legally restricted deposits held as compensating balances against short-term borrowing arrangements
 contracts entered into with others
 or entity statements of intention with regard to particular deposits; however
 time deposits and short-term certificates of deposit are not generally included in legally restricted deposits. Excludes compensating balance arrangements that are not agreements which legally restrict the use of cash amounts shown on the balance sheet. For a classified balance sheet represents the current portion only (the noncurrent portion has a separate concept); there is a separate and distinct element for unclassified presentations.




























Cash and equivalents whose use in whole or in part is restricted for the long-term
 generally by contractual agreements or regulatory requirements.

























































Period which an employee's right to exercise an award is no longer contingent on satisfaction of either a service condition
 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).

























































The maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) originally approved (usually by shareholders and board of directors)
 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants
 the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested).
































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Mar. 18
 2016
Nov. 03
 2016









Beginning balance at January 1
 2016 (shares)



332





630


630







845)














117)



Nonvested at November 3
 2016 (shares)













Beginning balance at January 1
 2016 (usd per share)


































Nonvested at November 3
 2016 (usd per share)










Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Redeemed in Period




























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Redemptions in Period
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value




























The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.

























































The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.

























































The weighted average fair value of nonvested awards on equity-based plans excluding option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.

























































The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.




























The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period
 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2016
Nov. 03
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014













Business Acquisition
 Contingent Consideration [Line Items]











































Business Acquisition
 Contingent Consideration [Line Items]











































Business Acquisition
 Contingent Consideration [Line Items]











































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]








200


500



Reserve to cover allowances for damages occurring during shipment
 quality claims and doubtful accounts

900


000










Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]








237







691












Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]










518







638







Customer Trade Allowance Liability
 Current

























































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


















712







229







503







444























353







054







723







130







Other Inventory
 In Transit
 Net




























Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods held by the company that are readily available for sale.

























































Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Nov. 03
 2016
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014













Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]












300




700


241














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
































Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
































Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]












300




















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
































Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]

























The aggregate amount of write-downs for impairments recognized during the period for long-lived assets held for abandonment
 exchange or sale.

























































Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2016
Nov. 03
 2016
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014















Capitalized software
 estimated useful life





















































































































































Capitalized Computer Software
 Useful Life

























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Nov. 03
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015



























Amount of expenses associated with exit or disposal activities pursuant to an authorized plan. Includes
 but is not limited to
 one-time termination benefits
 termination of an operating lease or other contract
 consolidating or closing facilities
 and relocating employees
 and termination benefits associated with an ongoing benefit arrangement. Excludes expenses associated with special or contractual termination benefits
 a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015









Fair Value
 Balance Sheet Grouping
 Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]




















Fair Value
 Balance Sheet Grouping
 Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]




















Fair Value
 Balance Sheet Grouping
 Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]




















Fair Value
 Balance Sheet Grouping
 Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]














































The fair value amount of long-term debt whether such amount is presented as a separate caption or as a parenthetical disclosure. Additionally
 this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


















460























992



















408
848























681



















100























900




































Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.



















































































































Amount of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


































643







364



















720







321






































Self Insurance Reserve
 Maximum Annual Claims Per Employee
 Amount




























Carrying amount of accrued known and estimated losses incurred as of the balance sheet date for which no insurance coverage exists
 and for which a claim has been made or is probable of being asserted
 typically arising from workmen's compensation-type of incidents and personal injury to nonemployees from accidents on the entity's property that are expected to be paid within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2016
Nov. 03
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014









































































































































































































































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2016
Nov. 03
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014


























245



































626


967


197




































The total expense recognized in the period for promotion
 public relations
 and brand or product advertising.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2016
Nov. 03
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014


























762)











247)

























































864


760


464












































































Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.





























 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)






























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















761





323





697





781



Hostess Holdings debt assumed by Gores Holdings
 Inc

228
254





601





438
636







Business Combination
 Consideration Transferred Excluding Debt Assumed




























Business Combination
 Consideration Transferred
 Tax Receivable Arrangement Payable






















































































Amount of equity interests of the acquirer
 including instruments or interests issued or issuable in consideration for the business combination.

























































Amount recognized for assets
 including goodwill
 in excess of (less than) the aggregate liabilities assumed.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands




































601








Tax Receivable Arrangement
 tax savings percent owed




Tax Receivable Arrangement
 term (more than)




Tax Receivable Arrangement
 tax savings percent retained














Equity interest
 number of shares | shares

446
000








Equity interest
 number of shares | shares

446
000










086













Equity interest
 number of shares | shares

424
259













Equity interest
 number of shares | shares

424
259










515













Equity interest
 number of shares | shares

098
139










323








Equity interest
 number of shares | shares

098
139












Business Acquisition
 Equity Interests Issued or Issuable [Abstract]




























Tax Receivable Arrangement
 Tax Savings Percent Owed




























Tax Receivable Arrangement
 Tax Savings Percent Retained




























Tax Receivable Arrangement
 Term




























Value of equity interests (such as common shares
 preferred shares
 or partnership interest) issued or issuable to acquire the entity.


































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















Nov. 03
 2016
May 10
 2016
Nov. 03
 2016
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2016
Sep. 30
 2016
Nov. 03
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014









































































125













Purchase of stock
 net of cash acquired







242





































































832




























Purchase of stock
 net of cash acquired













735






































































Sales restriction
 period






















100
























































































700








000































































300

























































800





































































































100

















Purchase of stock
 net of cash acquired



700









































































900





























































Sales Restriction
 Period

























































This element represents acquisition-related costs incurred to effect a business combination which costs have been expensed during the period. Such costs include finder's fees; advisory
 legal
 accounting
 valuation
 and other professional or consulting fees; general administrative costs
 including the costs of maintaining an internal acquisitions department; and may include costs of registering and issuing debt and equity securities.




























Amount of consideration transferred
 consisting of acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred by the acquirer
 liabilities incurred by the acquirer
 and equity interest issued by the acquirer.










































































































































































































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of a business
 net of the cash acquired from the purchase.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Nov. 03
 2016
Dec. 31
 2016
May 10
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
































992






























































































































438
636

































519











474











338











998











076











460











197)











891)











408
848











011











438
636





































009











122











300






















075











370











227











920)

































844)











100









Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Accrued Expenses




























Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Liabilities
 Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses




























Weighted average amortization period of finite-lived intangible assets acquired either individually or as part of a group of assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































Amount of capital lease obligation
 assumed at the acquisition date.




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 acquired at the acquisition date. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.




























Amount due from customers or clients for goods or services
 including trade receivables
 that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 and amounts due from others
 including related parties expected to be converted to cash
 sold or exchanged within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.




























Amount of liabilities incurred for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business and related party payables
 assumed at the acquisition date.

























































Amount of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 that lack physical substance
 having a projected indefinite period of benefit
 acquired at the acquisition date.




























Amount of intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 acquired at the acquisition date.






















































































The amount of property
 plant
 and equipment recognized as of the acquisition date.




























Amount recognized for assets
 including goodwill
 in excess of (less than) the aggregate liabilities assumed.








































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











586


815





442


604






































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015









Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property and equipment
 gross

830







606)





Property and equipment
 net

224







600












Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property and equipment
 gross



985







907)



Property and equipment
 net



078





600


800










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property and equipment
 gross

275












Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property and equipment
 gross



936










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property and equipment
 gross

221












Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property and equipment
 gross



800










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property and equipment
 gross

334












Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property and equipment
 gross



249







Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.

























































Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









































































































































































































998





























843





























714





























627





























847
892


















847
892





































































319





























245





























524





























544





























633
758


















633
758





































































679


























































190


























































134


















134



































































831




197


342


218


026


212


887


690


588




815


695























265




836


113























529




203


932























477




252


452















529












529



















































































086




895


695























221




836


113























432




248


932























254




252


452















201












201



















































































502




920

























044





























097




955














































328












328






































The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
























































The cash outflow for purchases of and capital improvements on property
 plant and equipment (capital expenditures)
 software
 and other intangible assets.




























Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.














































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


























992





219)















227















460















460















992





992)






























759















759




















227)















227















701















701










































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2016
Nov. 03
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014


























922









Intangible assets
 net

946
943



































185







Intangible assets
 net





579





























011











916)





































598











700)





























408
848





































681









The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.




























Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount before amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.






















































































Amount of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit.




























Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))




















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Nov. 03
 2016
Dec. 31
 2016
Nov. 03
 2016
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014




































922













































408
848




408
848











































185

















































681














































































































































































100




100















































900



































































































Weighted average amortization period of finite-lived intangible assets acquired either individually or as part of a group of assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.

























































Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Remaining amortization period of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































Amount of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















977





977





977





977





977





087







Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
















Payroll
 vacation and other compensation

489







720







885





Taxes
 management fees
 and other








321







320







656



















Payroll
 vacation and other compensation



521







643







730



Taxes
 management fees
 and other



330







364














162




































Accrued Taxes
 Management Fees and Other
 Current




























Deferred Revenue and Litigation Liability
 Current




























Employee-related Liabilities
 Excluding Workers Compensation Reserve
 Current




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of [accrued] interest payable on all forms of debt
 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Carrying amount of accrued known and estimated losses incurred as of the balance sheet date for which no insurance coverage exists
 and for which a claim has been made or is probable of being asserted
 typically arising from workmen's compensation-type of incidents and personal injury to nonemployees from accidents on the entity's property that are expected to be paid within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



















Significant inputs
 tax savings rate




Significant inputs
 imputed interest rate
















838





744





475





236





091







Fair Value Inputs
 Tax Savings Rate




























Income Tax Receivable
 Future Payments [Abstract]




























Tax Receivable Agreement
 Due after Fifth Year




























Tax Receivable Agreement
 Due in Fifth Year




























Tax Receivable Agreement
 Due in Fourth Year




























Tax Receivable Agreement
 Due in Next Fiscal Year




























Tax Receivable Agreement
 Due in Second Year




























Tax Receivable Agreement
 Due in Third Year

























































Interest rate used to find the present value of an amount to be paid or received in the future as an input to measure fair value.  For example
 but not limited to
 weighted average cost of capital (WACC)
 cost of capital
 cost of equity and cost of debt.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Nov. 18
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


Term Loan | First Lien Term Loan (4.0% as of December 31
 2016)


















































































004
870









496)









374







Successor | Term Loan | First Lien Term Loan (4.0% as of December 31
 2016)



















750









396









004
146
















Successor | Term Loan | Second Lien Term Loan (8.5% as of December 31
 2015)













































































202
917









250)









193
667



Predecessor | Term Loan | First Lien Term Loan (4.0% as of December 31
 2016)























688









817)









871



Predecessor | Term Loan | Second Lien Term Loan (8.5% as of December 31
 2015)























000









954)









046
















Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal through the balance sheet date.




























Amount
 before unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but is not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 commercial loans
 mortgage loans
 convertible debt
 subordinated debt and other types of debt.

























































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.






















































































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount of long-term debt and capital lease obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of long-term debt and capital leases due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.








































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Nov. 18
 2016
Nov. 18
 2016
Dec. 31
 2016
Nov. 03
 2016
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015






































800




800








































































































































































































































700


700




900
























000


000











Term Loan | Hostess Brands
 LLC































000


























































Term Loan | First Lien Term Loan | Hostess Brands
 LLC































700


700















































004
146




004
146













































































871




























830

























































































































































































Term Loan | Second Lien Term Loan | Hostess Brands
 LLC































000


000

















































































































046































































































































Debt Instrument
 Prepayment Fees



















































































































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.

























































Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt premium.




























Amount
 before accumulated amortization
 of debt issuance costs. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.













































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















988





988





988





988





988





813



































Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Aug. 03
 2015











Line of credit
 amount to be issued





000
000.0























800
000









000


000


















































Line of credit
 unused capacity
 commitment fee (as percent)





















































Line of credit
 unused capacity
 commitment fee (as percent)

































































































Amount
 before accumulated amortization
 of debt issuance costs. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs.


























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























The fee
 expressed as a percentage of the line of credit facility
 for available but unused credit capacity under the credit facility.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



















































Common stock
 number of classes | class


































































































Common stock
 issued (shares)

875
000









Common stock
 outstanding (shares)







875
000











875
000











875
000



























500
000











500
000






















168
404

































331
596










































Common stock
 issued (shares)

375
000

































375
000



































500
000


500
000































000
000


000
000



























Common stock
 authorized (shares)



000
000


000
000





Common stock
 issued (shares)



250
917


250
917





Common stock
 outstanding (shares)



250
917


250
917

















































Common stock
 authorized (shares)



000
000


000
000





Common stock
 issued (shares)



250
917


250
917





Common stock
 outstanding (shares)



250
917


250
917









700





























Common stock
 authorized (shares)



000
000


000
000





Common stock
 issued (shares)



704
988


704
988





Common stock
 outstanding (shares)



704
988


704
988



























Common stock
 authorized (shares)



000
000


000
000





Common stock
 issued (shares)



704
988


704
988





Common stock
 outstanding (shares)



704
988


704
988









700











Class of Warrant or Right
 Expiration Term




























Class of Warrant or Right
 Period From Business Combination Date Warrants Become Exercisable




























Class of Warrant or Right
 Redemption Price Per Share




























Class of Warrant or Right
 Stock Price Threshold Trading Days




























Class of Warrant or Right
 Trading Day Period Prior to Redemption




























Common Stock
 Number of Classes













































































































































































Number of securities into which each warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 each warrant may be converted into two shares.






















































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
















































































































































Amount to be paid per share that is classified as temporary equity by entity upon redemption. Temporary equity is a security with redemption features that are outside the control of the issuer
 is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP
 and is not mandatorily redeemable. Includes any type of security that is redeemable at a fixed or determinable price or on a fixed or determinable date or dates
 is redeemable at the option of the holder
 or has conditions for redemption which are not solely within the control of the issuer. If convertible
 the issuer does not control the actions or events necessary to issue the maximum number of shares that could be required to be delivered under the conversion option if the holder exercises the option to convert the stock to another class of equity. If the security is a warrant or a rights issue
 the warrant or rights issue is considered to be temporary equity if the issuer cannot demonstrate that it would be able to deliver upon the exercise of the option by the holder in all cases. Includes stock with put option held by ESOP and stock redeemable by holder only in the event of a change in control of the issuer.




























The number of securities classified as temporary equity that have been sold (or granted) to the entity's shareholders. Securities issued include securities outstanding and securities held in treasury. Temporary equity is a security with redemption features that are outside the control of the issuer
 is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP
 and is not mandatorily redeemable. Includes any type of security that is redeemable at a fixed or determinable price or on a fixed or determinable date or dates
 is redeemable at the option of the holder
 or has conditions for redemption which are not solely within the control of the issuer. If convertible
 the issuer does not control the actions or events necessary to issue the maximum number of shares that could be required to be delivered under the conversion option if the holder exercises the option to convert the stock to another class of equity. If the security is a warrant or a rights issue
 the warrant or rights issue is considered to be temporary equity if the issuer cannot demonstrate that it would be able to deliver upon the exercise of the option by the holder in all cases. Includes stock with put option held by ESOP and stock redeemable by holder only in the event of a change in control of the issuer.




























The number of securities classified as temporary equity that have been issued and are held by the entity's shareholders. Securities outstanding equals securities issued minus securities held in treasury. Temporary equity is a security with redemption features that are outside the control of the issuer
 is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP
 and is not mandatorily redeemable. Includes any type of security that is redeemable at a fixed or determinable price or on a fixed or determinable date or dates
 is redeemable at the option of the holder
 or has conditions for redemption which are not solely within the control of the issuer. If convertible
 the issuer does not control the actions or events necessary to issue the maximum number of shares that could be required to be delivered under the conversion option if the holder exercises the option to convert the stock to another class of equity. If the security is a warrant or a rights issue
 the warrant or rights issue is considered to be temporary equity if the issuer cannot demonstrate that it would be able to deliver upon the exercise of the option by the holder in all cases. Includes stock with put option held by ESOP and stock redeemable by holder only in the event of a change in control of the issuer.




























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands

















404)










791
658




















573
386

































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
























































Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.



























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2016
Nov. 03
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014






































































751)











063)











814)









Income tax expense (benefit)
 net

762)












































































































Income tax expense (benefit)
 net





















































































































































































































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)






























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2016
Nov. 03
 2016























State and local income taxes
 net of federal benefit






























































State and local income taxes
 net of federal benefit



























































































































































































































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


















113







574







019







472







178














973














439)







857)







474)







770)







797)


















































































































Deferred Tax Assets
 Imputed Interest




























Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Investment in Subsidiaries























































































 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)




















































































Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences
 classified as other.




























Amount
 before allocation of a valuation allowances
 of deferred tax assets attributable to deductible tax credit carryforwards including
 but not limited to
 research
 foreign
 general business
 alternative minimum tax
 and other deductible tax credit carryforwards.

























































Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences without jurisdictional netting.





















































































Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property
 plant
 and equipment.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014















800
000


































































800
000


800
000































200
000


200
000







Operating loss carryforwards due to change in ownership
 subject to annual limitation

200
000


200
000









000
000


000
000































800
000


800
000









800
000


800
000































200
000


200
000









200
000


200
000































000


000











Operating Loss Carryforwards
 Change in Ownership
 Subject to Annual Limitations




























Operating Loss Carryforwards
 Subject to Annual Limitations

























































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.

























































The amount of the tax credit carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.






















































































The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate.


















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














National Frozen Distribution Consultants
 LLC (NFDC) | Breach of Contract | Minimum










































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Commitments and Contingencies - Lease Commitments
 Narrative (Details) - USD ($)






Dec. 31
 2016
Nov. 03
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
May 10
 2016

































































































300































































000











Superior | Southbridge
 Massachusetts







































































Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal through the balance sheet date.

























































Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.








































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















042





017

























627
































































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






















































































Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Apr. 30
 2016
Apr. 30
 2013
















Line of credit
 amount to be issued








































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 case in Thousands
 $ in Millions






























































Inventory
 Number of Product Cases Destroyed




























Inventory
 Number of Product Cases Recalled




















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



































































Purchase Obligation
 Due after Second Year






















































































Minimum amount of purchase arrangement maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Includes
 but not limited to
 recorded and unrecorded purchase obligations
 long-term purchase commitments
 and short-term purchase commitments.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Nov. 03
 2016
Nov. 03
 2016
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Aug. 31
 2015









































































700
000





































500
000




300
000






















































000
000































496
000







































496
000

















000














































































500
000











Related Party Transaction
 Expected Cash Expenses with Related Party




























Shares-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Potential Share Grants Based on EBITDA Targets




























Amount
 before unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but is not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 commercial loans
 mortgage loans
 convertible debt
 subordinated debt and other types of debt.




























Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.

























































Expenditures for salaries for officers and non-officers. Does not include allocated share-based compensation
 pension and post-retirement benefit expense or other labor-related non-salary expense. For commercial and industrial companies
 excludes any direct and overhead labor that is included in cost of goods sold.

























































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands
















496
000





454










747






















Stock Granted
 Value
 Share-based Compensation
 Gross Before Lack of Marketability Discount
















































































































































Value
 before forfeitures
 of stock or other type of equity granted of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands







Nov. 03
 2016
Dec. 31
 2016
Sep. 30
 2016
Jun. 30
 2016
Mar. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Sep. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015
Nov. 03
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014




























































998



























607)



























485)
































































































































































831




197


342


218


026


212


887


690


588


815


695





022)




661


590


643


295


598


487


528


872


908


467





084)




509


465


535


155


066)


234


437


425


760


464























































































































































The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.




























Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.


























































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    (  :$;DH?(\\#P    !




*=A<CHEV;.Z[
M%R/SW2 :/'#'@A64JXA$%MGV<($+.)%*9VJ#&1Y2Z=\0X7?/Q,S0QS-10
MH)8SJ%*!


!FGK_# J5,7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%
O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S
M^!7+5(UEHP$35T$FN8BT\OELQ?S:WCYES^DZ'3*!;C ;6!_SF^GY$Y:B.%4


M
WJ=?3K.:Y1_::L!I^V[F\^3_'/HY)^GD]=-0LYPOP)\?LC6V&')VX[$W(Z
M'&=?

MWXV(]ZMOFCU7H5A)VH3X$$8:XIQSYG/1;/L'I4;1]E6\W*.76!4!EQC?-*HU
M+

M:;




VPLCO='U!=*
MY \FIS_I





94[[G*TG$53B_

 U[F$RQ#I'[!?8J*@!&K8KZZKT_Y)9P[M'OQ@2;_-;;I/;=X Q\
MU*M:I60K$3]+!WP?D@9CC%OT-%^/%&*MIK&MQMHQ#'F 6/

H68XWX=%FAHS

/B69X94]%+VW1R%9^5ZN^21.[/K*7R$^]9


M
02+^%6SFYR-(Y/*$^?/9O+UL(I3LR/6L+TR(:A^7-F6-8V)I/?Q9PP:3YJ&


.!  )9(%2V'.I'V'ANB[U3@L5


%WHLAD9O


BYX;6R-F6%OVT8

V

ML][NK^?/?;_[L%CL[Y^;3;U_W^Z:[??Q[;;U/UPV#TM]KNNJ1^FH,UZ$8M



PT!DPC_EHU;_NS
M[[



//_^


M#!]G

-4-O77P^=J.WV^'?XCY3$
!\1C0#P%A/3#






MVF&X Z!;K[7CF L66\#4!HMM(BV2;#I5DBIY5PX#'MA*)2W%1HK+





M7S6RIE%6'J; ')V^-891#L#66=X%UB8]V$K8&L-8BV!K+64%8YALI1PMY


2K*LZ+9VF2PKDE+VDL6H)- _EUK(HI+$ZY\3YB2!#IJUCBVB0Y_N
M^5G.702%=:.R;AY;0XP%3ERQUNL==)DN=%,DI;8RY8[W5D5GR:B*EF5P
M-@6


?

.NJDE6P=9:F\BL/. S/03VN2&&RQQ6NU&#L#@VY:M(YUAAR2EP]V
(I;Y 41V
M[%\P\@+VS=I<Q+OV[]@X 6TT]I:Q (?*R'G#@D&7D!+K8$7 'P(XBQ;P;P+
M:*DU[V)YKV)F+R/



$%     @ !H1N2DK4/V)E @  BPD  !@

CS_S


*
M4:;898JOF&*'J<C#)@@PXD2EAQB9(KHF0B48H2I0Y1!#@^0_'9_=QG3J#)
MAZG/4:+\?NISARB+(B+/


QH7-=LK
\WT7/3M0;]0
MO!M:'S+V7\O_4$L#!!0    (  :$;DI0




-JL9VQ
F&W*

EI,)_?50_FR;C_7;[]6XX3\=#+._O?JM5IW\#Z2
MSL==O=X-?R=W+[NVWHRC=*%LRF_[S]5V^'S;_R?&T0P;\&C !X/.]WL&=C2P
M/PSNP9N-'#G&OC1P/\P<



):X*'



M)*NM9G6*

\QMJ[D=




MXK.UR6-M\EJ;Y#G#W&LML=Y*90(H9V6MOT2HKJ3(Q(Q5R8/V7.JIU^TY.1M\

%( C12FI


MA[B^H
OE_D6
O@H:[;JHO2?.B6]:DJ[P\_
MUM5#VW^-W?=F_S[&_D=;/X_OFLP.+[S<_ ]02P,$%     @ !H1N2CI.48M!
M!0  51H  !@   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T-2YX;6R5F=M2XS@0AE\E
ME?M

=X;$INOV_WK
M]$O.^;XH?U0O65:/?F[R;74Q?JGKW=ET6CV\9)NT^E+LLFWXSU-1;M(Z7);/

!@E[;#[FM;I[+PL]J/R,'-V:3-!Y5F(
MLF;N^U ;O\9AEX5[K[-I%3GT[<F4\=<'ACH
;K/7%$&?!_Y2A$E^\@U]R33

@F.2/G/#
:[/W'(


MH-%Y?6#



P);,R7-4@Q8*YVT.FS
MO$8+QX*!M,+B&@L01&OD#%3EP.F; ?U%@^76(&E4<QJ(?#09C 0H#66QSQ4



M]4!NSG 3!/:+CU@M
%:K+&YS:H^6K&'+0=2*H28]K%]VQ&N!\5J%7QH!];
)
M6#)4?D'UZXFX'CNAU]&7 &UGG!B,L+C1OK*DKTK?8.;XD'YYP/R=G7&K$^
MX*S/8ZV



M1/).X2*+N:
I

#]


#^(]A=F9PPMQ&C(F:7LF1;A6VJ

IBT[:

$%

M;&W&[JYV_!+'2I'=%%E=S29S\][N?M^_-$TW^7.SWNYOIR]=]_IE/M\_O#2;



MM]-B\*A9-P_=T
6R__C15
UZ/?34^_''V.GTP^;0\/3WOWK_]3#X?C#?E_NF



F V1XPLQQRQ&82-).TF<#S!$33\S$'#RVPM **RNE$T98&2FPA0PM

XU
MV6<NDS4H3'@/
^2\/YJPGM


M'@3

TFT
MBZ?%C-%M .M#O9&?1Q144N4++95$=6'TGX!8*%H+P&*+
D%+$^151[DKH:
MM:1XGW.27B

):PL*4




MR&2.83Y;N
]8E1B5BJ4L




E*66]T: 5/A


A2H#H9('-%4&TA)+N8U=()@+4=6O:@!D
UAGK%09G5;(
MTYX1=%IBCCE*PE59*U *02Z[!8!14295MX0XM'8(F8L:!F=H\H-5]8;)##
M!8! =8 )@9X[CB6T0RV6]915





M0
JFJAJID5:IVCY[80 KOA#;+
G?=VP(I2WJB^T9SSES9CS.1V.?70?@R:N2
MVA6T\[X_


M&;P4&LZ6N$$I;M].(

)2P7::.)
MA::@=_OC*0OQ
6?N.=E


M5HI3\@\\V8:GFPK3$__4)AM$V2;!%DDR/Y;XE;,[5])V*JGFP;I\F1R@PZ

M[31FD^%-/_\@MGSC\A=02P
$%     @ !H1N2CQ/^$JT 0  T@
  !@   !X




M:O/
VF

A2$?M7FV'8!#+U(H6^#.N?Y(B*TZ
MD

].
$5G VR@Y3


Q/7Y5?U+



M_L.G:?_!3
N511?M_
O&_C=:._I)#=^A#K_P19#0./\;
_FVG
)L/I?OY!
M9/G&Y3]02P
$%     @ !H1N2N$2/4*T 0  T@

ZH+LH!14(3((W*[P $I%(I3Q8^:D2\H(7)]?V3^DVK&6


-KDW3Y$EE!Y









M970Q
RYX;6Q]4]MNVS 

M


(WP]#^%-^L$

1L.;;OI!;/[&Q5]02P
$
M%     @ !H1N2JQ?.N*S 0  T@






XJ5H\3SMLHO[




MD6#_WQ*W8M)W2=BJIQI
$Z?)DA*'+D[RRKL
[ V/;_(:/DW[=V$:V5ER1N=?



?IAM_.

KXAV*=^B]%#Q)
M
W8)1'/


MP?WJ3\9;9&:IN01EN5;(0%/@V\WAN OQ




M*DVR 0  T@

M
=EH[(MK 3QYTZIS.6V][P^
N;(%+=R-Z:'#F]I8+3R:MF&NMRJ-**\22Y




MT@


M:CVJ.

MXF
M3CJG#
#E^9/]
=&J<SEM


2C_:
;/
-?SCI*Y^*]P!87A00GF


^HGUR'8 GSUH95]#.^_[(
MF*LZT

I
%'F%D=BI][W






IB? KX
M)F'TJS.)E5RL?8[&Q[J@NR@(%%0A




M2





$%     @





CI$RSU)!@MQ7^!*W +=YE8C5)R[;^H'+618F&QJ0CV-J]=[]=I/DGH
M$A8.H$L 70
.7H?

M]U%&KHYHP9QF#-U@XA5!+/LJ04

MWMN]F@=F-HP

/7
MS!DLDC9PO7]G?W*UFUJN5
&#8#_;4C=9D 2HA(H.3#^+\3/
]1P-!?_%6[
M#-QF8C0*P93[HF)06O9Q:3Z=NTMIU;Q^DDBN8P?P9 \@2D#@=/ FYS!^I



@O$GM%8@_!?B/BPQPV(GAU!3G(V@V?0H48.C?X


MK=1*JU1MGKTP@!5?J&V6].]K&T))PHOM&9]SYN)Q/FKS8CL AUZE4+; G7/]

3U
M^4W]


M2JVT2M7VF;7'-@IX7
-)\H%I(3M:9-%W
46&@U.R@XLA
M=M!:F#]G4#CF=$??'
^R:5UPL+K10/?P?WH+\9;;%&II(;.2NR(@3JG#[O3
M.0WX/@I8;2K


M^39]OYGA/M+WZ^C'_;9 NBF01H%T'?^8OMQ_.^2+;JJ0;3Q&FRI
2ABY.\

^?

\


GS J(2*W;AYEL
GF.J)
9J*_P)WX!;N
K$:





MGUE[;*

M[0T.H/U-BT9QYTW3

M!!*GDJ;TU?$HNMX%!ZN*@7?P'=R/X6R\Q5:61BC05J F!MJ2WJ?'TR'$QX G


R]'WAXXO28

ND8PS[ZFR/92G++_X-D^/-]5



M
/49S\=_@L+#0R8^1J6%C2NJ!NNT
Q-B=F[$K<P^W=!R*JG$DP;I\FB2@\J3O+*NPSL'8UO
M\@\^3?MW9EJN++IHYU\V]K_1VH%/);GQ(]3Y#[88 AH7CI_\V4QC-AE.]_
/

$2
.41!K:$C^FQU/N\0'PPF R



SWZ@_HK38^;.



K8!  #2 P
M&0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970S,BYX;6QU4]MNW 0_17$!X0UWB;1




0Z; L7
/PLO

[8BGB'R3OT7HHT23)V4(SYCAA^ KSCFHOH3@

0MNJI MO$:7*D
M-(..D[SR+@-[Q^.;O


604/MP
MO


$%     @ !H1N2F!$]0'3 0  G 0  !D

!Q^_8%=*V=9?\(Y_!=SD$@FZ1ZUBV 02^]SK'
MK3'#D1!=MB8OI




M+$[T#9V&Z;M@A3M/WVWIT3L^Z# W@OL_VLQN6DQA$G#)DG0) D(W-^8A#'
ML$D:-$D# A]N3 (8&MV8D
WI$* :?R\T*N78^SNYR:Y7[X'ZT_4//M_;;TPU
M7:_111I[1OU)JJ4T8$N)[FS#K7TJUH!#;=STWL[5?&'FP

M2P

25+%UJ<0!<70D/P8?
1J'R3\RR


XT?_H-$Y/HQ6F@9YNZ4D6%]A'



QI.4J.4!5?*[LXUW+FG

$%     @ !H1N2O5VR@*X 0
MT@


M-%YG3;R$#





]?7
\=4WK@X


G9F.=@/%8YW86$0$+I@X+ [0+W(&40
]$^\/W#L31F<L17Q#I-WZ+T42;+/V4(S9CCA.$KS#N

M5RF4+7'OW' DQ-8]2&9O] #*W[3:2.:\:3IB!P.LB4%2$+K;W1+)N
)5$7UG












M 0  TP





$%     @ !H1N2C%@%IB&


MY#I2.VC;/NPV3/>;6N):/7U9L
MPSM





H





A0.+

)=EK[']!RBU(38!$_2W:3
M#WW/I++G_-4

MF3V5;

M;6'P$8
^8AN/1QHI3(!! FP)DA%!YICL



TT6!IBOT]6$85.RD3#?7?=&=H=U \;:_


0 LY=_@3;S
<-R^.P[(<


M!]; 5!(7X7N&6#L253V1/R)B??#@O;E8YPB3
N)9!X7/ :EZ54$C[^:E&[
70/61L@(Y7-% )ZA,\]D8]D]&5-Z%[(P]31.2.
M/$PA$-Y#M@:5!SZAL:!0\?T!/XS-?-_(]Q4?#BW&KED@, H$$P,P!J-2=1C@
M*E#=N9R-*K$Q@(+9J/%;(\@W^PV-?D.#WU%K-^$TI@%YBAS8Y3Y-$IHYD=&
M?O1\6V*C0/QY6U8=)AQF:0XA*V':S.[GM5QI$ !W+7OPC8('IP8P!((/)(S[

G*NN3P-!JO]!;GT


(C7FO1BTO=T*CO&WO3@VV'M!]H1H60OM016S864
MA%*MI'S\L:+^&%


MA2QF








^



M^H.F)H[G=^N?3/ JF 




=%8)D1H(9K8*1

EE*ED-R=?'3*LDM9IP[%$$






ML?_I_91Z]9(&R$^\BQ%J




M*%78#'@ZOEHNX&@$=5(!QVXGAW+V'!Q-&V)=+9\7.IS%-PM]JV/G-B7M+.
M^E*W1'4#\RY3]U

MU'U
/5&\:GHTKVT4T_]02P
$%     @ !H1N2G%.=E5Y @  D @  !D   !X





LQQ&X1@'MLC3HZ
%+ ZPD,
M)F0]QKBAI0_B:X/X8X% SP^T_.#U+$.M0*C)<KFE@W&MB2H:M;=Q!N4X@FH


M4\7$AN^



!!\
M%8L'B


MY0H9
&:%C(T_DZ8W'VF)R_U-_;.KW=1RH0HRP7XWA:X3[]%#!92T9_I%#%]@



MX\(-PL-'3]:




\:.G4U#ZR5G1!/=O&ES
/(9@0
]MI*


MGV$P- ^#P?U7. 
R_5DMM4<1K8@YS;S?=V;EWQJTRN^<B


_HS-\)]=?R?VF%W=D? 7?HS?8==?
M^C&98I=,L8NNNH9MX]^H/-:-G9FP;DVL1! U&

S3$N&!RTG:9F




L:\\]1R)IJ
Y4GI%K)Z


L[VV$M0\+JQ@
MG%LET\?O0=0?:UKB='Q5_^3
&S
[JE@A^*_JH



$TXPX5M$,4<0,D*0:6#L(@2[!T_FO(3F$] /G%\\L8%A@4B4:
M-1!%-V^AAR0.TCA(G*91$L!E8K!

%



X?8=A.!4XNV^X&$!3PVDVLXLF]X.]


FB!$;D

MS8'R=NUC_QIXKDZE
FF$JU1<KM
16B)PF(HN/;DP\*#%V$L26(+XANLR[W(2FU-W10:!





M;)56ZY*:



O9
1JC'S




M4+RLVTJOZ6VG_P!02P



MF
7/5879WS40VJYLS[X&GLM3(53 R=(&G^ GB)=FQ^3
&50.904U+VEM
3BN
M[$=O^90HO ;\*J'EH[&E*ME3^JHFWPXKVU6&@$ NE *6KPML@! E)&W\Z37M




M#-*86F
B/XS

MV3]02P


M(GX7J*6#MB%2V6'\+CK?]PO3%HY0B3(F0D#^.J
4E:6(Q'W\54'-7E
0A^U+

#E*4XO)/L6?YPHQ


=A@@
;7$? E#




MQ57SIH.]#-2U;9G\MP


/&BJ\G



4^]H0J))(:Z=IDS:IVK3M

Z]OC[87EYT]5(?E&J\UR(OZY5_:)KC
M?1#4FX


R\+\-
MPP-H&$#7 6+1Y=(+=9%_3)MTO:STQ:OZR3^F;8WY/9FYV;2=W51T_YG@:]-[


I$0(8F
I$]'?Q.8I4%5%D
M%3%1Z3'12$50%#''I

$62:!( @BBB0C++ (9]A-#%!8=D(@



MS]XK8:=R8


^JB32FK9+JDVJ.FU[



I659TB




\



M6

?D)4(A/( X@ /T$F0W%5(E^;

@W5*H2U6J0*/(!'@/@T$ %[#@*\!T7C5PL&/ 'KGJ :V*/$
M=/OU \TXLYYSX6&!0.JQR;5!T .:#/'-PP+($1,AGU=8FC/V G8,2!7KN1
MNB&0 U BIC=T#(@

M;DHA54TY[0


M_[2OMG3P?B6.8UF7[? Y6;ZT75V-6=Q2JN+'\7N[&[X/8_ZW
#D QP \!8!^
M-X#& /H9D+T;H


W1&#9YA
74+N.00O$0N.T'EVB7G@
M&*(3)'8Z3F)0%(-#O#Z+3W(YGL1X&N+I?(VIDA-H

G 1$R37ZTS%!G7J5*O)#C&0*39)))B1(Y02YF_

M 2!; 
P'U


*/L&N27 D











 SP8__2P@F0G GA+;YT9EM

,P7._L(RH,8R]<F4&+
MT\) 5/9B2:?@?:O,?UEDY[O[C,UI6^5S?:?'*WB7&1^$[T1432N=,U?Z+-L3
M5W*N0)OTGK3+6K]!<TA5&:ZTW
QWL0Q4+R;'ADTOW39/U!+ P04      &
MA&Y*+[GQS





M%A)1 

&ULE5G;4MM($/T5ES\@5O=<-** J@Y JY4MG;W

M76].9K/J[BFN\NI=L8GKYC\/1;G*Z^9G^3BK-F7











=3@DR8J=1C

M\6F
2I$C+W*6QLAK'!*?*EF

4:WZ-2W6B.)W&/&6PC9-KZ






;UM W&B(N('VC
Y=PAPA :;9&FJ09 ? !V0 Z2UT7YFB)


WT.0
MH;_:&SWA70%S5WA78!
Z?=X*

MKD=S5^D%5NH%M
)[T



[U3H#  9#P  &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='


1J;RL;&:_

K4+L5_8]N]MXVD%;_$S$

MCUJ\$O

K


M0BDV-';W ?@L$:N WB] ,$^WO0W]/^_)U&0P ?!O!'!?B!.YBDQB;0-GEK

M*7E$(4[#7+R[W5$B'A@B&/A@T[4RN/_O&0&UWI Q&LGUH\CK;;/WJ3 I;(R*
M'_B&$!@6-H
6AG%AB)?A\K9&DP5C9!ABQK3F 86SA

M@\


M@!

MT32+S4

   4
   9

!C]*XCW%6QL+E42J0F=
KLP!Z8^%7?-?+)
MZZ/L\I)5;<XKIV'[I7N#KF\Q402-^)VS2SNX=U0KCYP_J8?ONZ7KJXI8P;9





@IGW'H8=AGU V1F38M@ZV+8.
MC:+)23*@T5N%^'%
9K3%L

R%@C^'@$QW#WL&0=R8=IP8T[!A3$EI?

MY$(.7GH\VG


B5PL56
BU:^#N!=YWEC2?OPQ








MC:-%0

N&L!$XR@/P
4

M'UF)61C08)F?.
/%U068NAR^4EPX-+P\7(H+AV(;R6A%N\- +HU37%T44Y?+

ME


S9G[9238Y2Y%50TRM3
MKWS\!G
_
?+FYG_ #9B6FTHTH^1



M
9HUQTE#5IH@(HL&:_\%0IP08@WE4$4)FZ#T&D06H/8&O36@/A!LBES$NW6
MHG?/.!$3D[DXJ0;CD/TF!

MA&Y*K+FXN9


I;MUD
M'-A2=E*^V
F7PSJ




:U%L\Y?I
--M
N(\#2!37 @JAA


MRFFVQ
&E#(B69TU7(!H#YK=W-/F&VDO--ZY.9=

U



12* @*Y$($P B\2@2+PI18Q#F !1)'$#FSA%03))5


M7EV?55XI;IUK\@OKW





A&40
MS:E





M6/*&]8*Y8BD816XGG(*$\RSQ32

87
Q3 EFW4C2JVU
MR80O%B:6%2 6LV

:+KRGH6F$(
M4%H+Q1R(?1%P?P1X

A#'D4Z


M?N\N?M\L@JB+R.1FW70NLO;CPSR8/.\\M7'\L$Z#RYB=X?7W7]Z?^^3;9%ZS
MVCR4^;_[3;-;!$DPVYAM]IXWW\K3;\8FI(*9S?X/\V'R5MY%THZQ+O.Z_SM;


MNB$:A*)@*
H/1;BC*&\4X4:R\C6
D3#0#0(A&$',700C[\K720@ B
M-
3B2^$@*7 @L0
68:*C\8DR8E-@(U*%(D6




0R.W-D8@3FY3 X O4[[IEVHJN$Y?4<L;
M@P#=@*)<X,U!)!.6 Z95(%J=N[RRHL'ZCY(D)C8&B:F6J%P;O(3%%$G.(R^
M1-VQ=SSSRS-+!#']$@

7]R0J.M


GT+44#EA:M2$JJ4P-6I$U7I4?M7R'I^E7A6@
MGHQA]O2(FO: 1)Q@3V/V-&!/4Z%B]O0$]C1F3Z



#/C7Q
#;&9



M:&5E=#8X+GAM;'64W8Z;



&PO=V]R:W-H
M965T<R]S:&5E=#8Y+GAM;)56[8Z;,!!\%<0#'-@0(!&)E ]5K=1*IZO:_G:(
M$] !IK83KF]?VQ.P!(E^1%L9W9FU_:$C6O&WT5*J;0^BKP42SN5LEHXCDA2
M6A#QPBI:JE^.C!=$JBD_.:+BE!Q
4)$[V'4#IR!9::]BL_;*5S$[RSPKZ2NW
L7<]^798VJ[.B.8TD9JJ



MY@JN

2QP:-P?NP'2
\[Q:R&T.((*S\,!/4/@
MW1#

M%0UN13BN-;I3:00*18#0X'9LHI&0=ZO37*(Q#-U)9PZF








LC+ Q&X21-N8!892-^8PP^H*)^UHN




M6


MC

MX4@D'
^D+#VC;KAP)!:.I



&PO=V]R:W-H
M965T<R]S:&5E=#<Q+GAM;(U4V6[;,!#\%4'O-74?ABP@3ET0 L8*=H^T_+:


:(=&T0+%8
ML0%Z=7)DG&*IEOR$Q
 !'TP0)2@*@@Q1W/5^79F]':\K=I:DZV''/7&F%/._
M6R!LW/BA_[;QW)U:J3=070WX!#] _AQV7*W0S'+H*/2B8[W'X;CQ'\+U-@QT

*G011--F*W%1$M

4.0HI\U(I?&-KJ-
M#U

M
B=!YO!97OFTF'3AL\SS
LS2.TJY4RF_58J*R6+*9855;!G3]7.&4*ATSH





-!)+


)^X[X*:$3[@2


M5MOK^_WU?U!+ P04      &A&Y*%F!L_ID  !

EC




44?T)V &0Q0B)=P5@&ALK8XAD?.PYS1!'##@1LE%A^
N&3#.8G
M(#^Q?#+A)UDZ2@0#HK(=.D]LY)LERV0#33+ A#@F$
;320Z:Y(! ZIA
M&
_[+D3 A#('1,(4\ F]!D 0@L'!
 DWA.'HKAC
6 QQD$ A[?#Q91H$
M^^^#(



DV;M$E5IV[/
M-'$25




%K4[?](MQIO;^+
MHGZUDTW9WZJ];


@R^K1=A/&0D:[G20XC27(ZR

FL36MM6
R8I\Z4E$FQ3!H[


(9&+UD:2H:I%&GB
M)@MX57C&$^YYEQ@-,.-(*P6DQ;$6FZ7HT23S@C4T]152@@E\^IZ

+V?6M&F@B




P

!#]*X@?



M^Z7K:T8L93NI75#UN+ -2U/M2?'X6SMUFYC:L/W^[OV+25XE\T(%V_#T3[*7


MYI9*NEJ4_.J4U7XHJ-YVZ)ZHY=KI2;




M$\6!Y0

^F^R1:P*


M&% C:[VPK3$#I

J.X






Y
SKXVRS4M2
M\9Q6#B.[J?N()BN4*H)&_


%+?[D6W&8NJGK;

)@2$$+4'F

@0HL\21H8PNA*BNX38$.(K(=1^-)NE=W^)!9YEC)X=UKQ





DELH8





[J%0Z\C:U


5
M1'C[V]'JVNE7[1OAU[87SH5)=8/-/:L9DZ 


M:2#9
+^4:'FNB[]02P
$%     @ !H1N2A2N@WV 0  N@4  !D   !X;]W

MHJVZ?79@$M :S-I.V/Y];4

=MIS\2XK .5]-JR5&:J4ZO88
MRZ*ALHGWD&KWYRY:*C2H;A@V0F@I4UJ&:^'^&&UBW*4[MV%'G*KXK5+1R%



M!/M#8O16\%9#+V=SSW1RXOS=!-_+#/FF(&!0*.- ]7#9V#,&.DR/D9/-%-





@9OH/Y
1R5


M=PE9(&1W!#PY\Z5^)(;4I9)CI*;#&HB[$\D^L\UL7-+WSJ_9:K7-7NOM;EOB
MJQ

$%     @


M
8KC

PQ(_V JL+6]J(J^$G1?H].2)



Q%M$[V9M2G:O;/O
M=%JIJ^=J_105^&R$9LRSP\0WF/@6LWO$I/G3@L&ZAZ61V-M(; 62&Y/$+Y!X


$%     @ !H1N2A/F




M4?G*QF]@]KXGJW^!YR!*KC.1&F4C KSZY4G(5EG650J'?F8UK8WZVCY+V'N
M@- &A'- .-4R9G

1IW&&







MBX+5'J?[A?\)/:YQI@.
XE=!+^+JW-.E;!A[TXVONX4?ZHQH2;=26Q!U.-
5






M$80 0PB/'RU Q#&LW2\8IA!&(HA$+F$-T!X@8!A$#(*+A8F9%DRO&,%_8
MY2M'R8 O[,)SV4\LF1!!(W-#$P0OH


M $CGO:.].+F-E


7X+D +P5!
M8KQ
0J;SCT22(N=L=/AT]@/15^P?L3J;4B?-49AOJGFALH\B]=


#K/8\SR[
M4&@5G=J9]MA9,O!9*PRBTRT16F6@G$Z;A1F:/2?$_O,16D=AX&]$XKV7
M. D3NTQBE4EV

M2P


MZ
W4O:4W+U34@H;X-];'\NS:J5-YS_.?]



MCHR6]

FIX-0'@7GM6FP6]UU41;-)D1^=HGT^]U'=!NB-

O&78&2
XOV06-A.H2^0.
R



M*MRPT(*P0%5LFB162#9.U2I30



[%9)

MWQ7U/%LE_Y5G5?(.?MDZA.:3\MWHL^_^J_D;V;^O^5V!FP;#?



MUJ^N5UE=)^42WBCGWY/__E!L\N3]-E_7+2*7CWW9W:Z*.=!MF6U;HY7K-5P4




2IV-X#Z<'E


M9+*Z)GR2R3+*8P!A'*?;PO0-5J+#134D^3'I8IQ__?L=Z:Y6&VV]X#$_\G
M?/.4GV^-'KY0H$IQ[



^GO__*E\!'M@U*'RFX
:M][
M\!_0*KN6GSY


ZJ[_DVHE[=Y
P
9*36
MA'*X*B@V88QLL2XVI
[C.MHV#2J?_V3Y!WLS5TE4Y2L^\/OBH76V[]? #RNR
M


F8[6HHGWPN_U@:B6=/HSB)^S95[3%([_P7GLOJ^]AQ\-=E

VM
;G
PO7-=.




MHP!FQ3^=X3%&#_V_O\+


+

M[.HDJUA?7%;E&@2J#



_
M5&A!T?4CX\.8%U''!LZC:&BXYZ2^+HJ:W&S)*8RY+G;KL^-&(QWX]([T89A%

M!VV


\7-3-./%!\LL-M;J?$1CEM;YW/=U5\$='1CWJU$3) 2QR5

U!TIT
M7&?UZ]W*X7ZB^XRD0FO0MMOPV=][H?/=!IC]$VZ^FO/M*P'36^:1NW*L1[_U
MX$N
3SH8.0L)H.S?9M&:1 U?6#5\?FRDJC.DU6$EO.C]0'1'WR0'^P*N!'P#
MC761\LNRZO2(1


MM+@O& N!32*F\GF#JGJ^OLVK9



G/








X15






MA&C2W


MD]A \F = 



MM*

;RFI<2%YJ*)X

@L@BGP/


??E<!P2=?



M1AIDQW2G\E



X$M9&0;C

8D


6;

5V(LU#\K.N(
M9YXC1L0EV_Z2J/?T6X.);9]*-!% ODONX!UI *^2&S(G7Y
Y^3.9DSA_RMGL

-^#(

WP1_(C[$[F





4:

MC*PF3CL%6EU+Y(_
KC#V=G BK*%MPA))G1?/LN./I#.#S@EB#H79UJHI7-$6


M1:%P(&<-]C$!$

ZUU%E(_






Y@5Q6$

S'T4R4PFV+!5Z#+^1[;9(3T-&HXL
M9^&-M!#2BMUC9N+=PC?86P^XH#/Y'0\P@<1;^VK]R@_;Z&VCH
UUHIMQQWU


M]'Y7Q=T=)9Z)-^?8*;

0!ODI1+E&0@KEI\M^SSF/73F0F8<HO.(GI
MN:?G+D#:V]@&G@P'(=MT\ GB0(PM5EC8H<U-<3SF92!%+]U7\**+<1
_V1P


*$T.2T


@_9
MA%= 5




M7'(*+UH)Z
_Q0+Y\$%[7]K!%G+V(&3

3G_4PYS,BTII?4(#:B:KQ8WW3#G-0$XSK%DN.7/@-;&Z<

M =$/;RT2$/S2P%O1W[^%EY^R?+@HZ!XTUY66#IB(?&URACD%63/9@8%JU@=)
M9'3AK1EF'(
5*
))=_+OH\;1PBN2$BT;\$


KB)2VR!W]

$(Z)RU7M31#8=3%E)OHBFVK#EPD4MC_3R8

M*\X'T^A11/)RV;4QG1EEDECQQ=3PXI9WP6^W3)I+:K F6@

I'7Y/))
9E


?SBUM#RSYT
FO)D:&1Z


NF'7#\LB)G &9S;A:K0M'O4G5!



;I1Z.YX[\^*8XUZ7
E)
ABFEX

$QAR.8
Q1/QV/Q^@RF:2#43\)






9NKB2S4X(.J[&[P

M?X]X@95^?##P/4JQ1A0;E+@=GX[/].TOY$#ADK
EQ52PF0KO.0:C8#;LGJVT



HD ]9$'17*8ZC_W$AFXA07K_39[;.L_0

M:812LJ %6CWW!2M(V?/M:YFX)F;=3@^X)7P







M_+!!30[:V#ZU' R-6
1E

MOT3?(^O&2/@YQ\#\B0=L2XF



MK+OR%EW34F5



MMRA_I)?\#5F LA&3*FE3/^T



M_]B5DOLW9V]AQHD_O!'B4%X@\YR[_NIVQXF[DN@H3.&3KST1MJM9NL:HHK32
[MG.2V

;3'5P



M\=;-[WF/IR9A:-\]3G_U149;/;Y


Z ?J5CS=?)Q/@E'P+)'J2TD?
$U;WY-0GNP?F!W *#^<4



GF1?[J\./9.:7./$R!!99#P=Q;A3IC

;+J6'KHRB4=X0#O.2^!\462;NPWI:AP:#/#XG=M-

;XFU0^X&^PQD!^)0$CHK9C94




M3Y[:E'*WB2[#HM@L)8.%-K!.?0=NV4N_73)5S*)=Y.+Q!D(W1#=W,PV\(FZ
MV@O%VPBS]'QZK[0CHPU.UL?&0?SV;NXJ\R7J$9'


UP5B^(
M)*-P#GNY8:QZ5F-J1;MA6EWD*-HJTM 9!MN*XHU!YRZYKYMEYUE5
75+EBL3












$
U-$?X
N](?X'(TSP
MGS']AZ

U;.]Q(
M!M%R88V2)%S.JQYVS:DO,XR.MR5D2JX1^UIYJDBS7_[GJNJ36OR@IU^6
/
2_KV[1QS#?_M_C

M#


5
CS4O@/'4WPLZ*IX.S9#B:I:/A*/F6_6*+V
7#P=@X


YU.$S[LZF-+GODR!-0




MME2N)J)



[NJ*D+6*ON

M
?&FIR:QQ%&WOSGQ^C^G7OI &LW-'X*%7

M-/KT%L
4*A!RJ4YG=[ K%\($!9\($
K! Y\W'
]7&







'&389@^




!\-AX(D:



M*_3WMT(@XGE)/X0/'(Y8&(!YZE4P!/%[DH!Y/1M=@
80E2XHQ$'L#D;F*53
M$&JH6TKR8LFK+82S$\@5&RH
!K#+1R.9\E@
DZGHWXR&/?3V70O*^NNQ&[
M3P=@NE]@,T@89-;'N!-H)!,8:CBF5@U34!6FL&;SCNW=&I1=-GMFG5S:/P8;
M


MA_@O-)2TP
9\B7)5!I0_ (/!]9A

9E.J+T0D!CF6Y/LABD3*:3CB<X1
M<[2&H]9&1K^%@UZ 54V#CB\O(X.B&1M]U[(KY4U:;M0%N!_X Y%/&5P/%
.


FAQTA!0U6:O7H



MQ2[H&=-!U]#-@5TFV5?KQ?3IA* 1H&+1LCX#!:)SE%.0T0

M;G -




MR#;6@GG697_2T45S![K=%)@*:(YVB1@ Z:&AG ZGJ*@'8/B/6$2X_AYP#L

M/GZ4Q=!9S?5M7ZE7 #30**(K-HVZW[T [ ;1.
A


=CYF-S=+QY82Y



(
 2DZ^)0_R53=
MU(1OG=QX%KSN!#-0!D0Y3X(<\.(DN-P..(=9==5D8+=#^]??_Z*T99!KP\W




M:7


FVO!T9(I*FB:=*Z&CGHF4%D2E.QGWQ&SE==I\7S*Q

J


P
M3/W'GTH2UK3M?D3H24YO0WL3'7O8=I*V1**0XFJ)0(RIH16$2;S5'6T2Y_
M.4O9=_L
5PD*()BOJ



MR:61

</3*?&':5?W7SJK7G\<]6B'


CI B&#\AAB5RG7FC1CNK)$8-T?D/R92GJ-)Q:HT9H^$&

MQE6^W0H


6B:F_:/&;:(0A(1I-=





_ VAX18?K K!8E
4/3/H7ZA&G?1*S.*5 KH)X9


0$)DG0LL6*3R8.7[Q4


Y!'B#T:](7LIH;U_B'

MQFAQC=07Q J7I:39.
ARXN'D


HS/:$] I!
;[#S&%8(5]PQ$'.SM](G;%-C+[*\Z?6/.]8:F%B(




HN;H2KR8\!?+:XOLC;X/B4NELQ#%$?



M=Q_SOA#B:L.C_*V9DAR\'9[SN6S-[#*]G&%JYS0Y11CF3W9[@O?=*W8W82J@


(
33&:

M
L_B. J0A_E7J?=W-?&R*5_35WI9U'8;NU\4U'5VH6+UY-CH2T4#6:OKNE#
MV8GHQ6 R^29C,QL[6E'5-GVP%?DT'4;TRGJ 
P'\XZK.D=TK@456+&S&U_R

M9ZK:Y8M(M50




M\$D*=N09'%\KX[$8LN3:X022#M6 ^+1
A/P5%O#PNP 7W:1-N+1#N(N-K7





2+F@2U-4U#)


!FEE[/+




Z)W@GU- ?IZGK5FO#$*
MMH;3W4\XX=#/+O=2@J*JSI;U:TS-621XB_.$9=XPUX\% -W] ?IUY.[#+S&
M-R5IAY+6G#5OL.(:3O0&=&G;]+$[M2@8R%30;@)H4-_9

M+*YJ7' '=HM-KM+W6I![%9OT$^7$4;0.\[M\*[/F9
D/1%G=4YNR'AM3O3A1



MZ$@;I
= &]UMU/%-<J-DE:VM

MT*U/+&Z_=

9A9WN5
M21\1F9.Q[L6)!Q='VK;6Y0:&




N!@Y(+ZE
FQ

MP2Q! 
\-.]RSZK;8*G :17_@NYA7AE!EF$J\SJ04K*$%)8.)J?+DRKKMMJPV

MZZ)V_:4\*.%N@XEW(-@JN HNT0=%RX;K0Q^+N[)BW!CT
VRT9Z;

M\UA4Y0;_D2$6B/8

CV4<*OO6_7D
M7CGG$9?4]VN)+#5L7#+#4Q-0[NO3 6NAE





MB;25;'*B*IY=_9 Q_GD&^Z
]=S.(.P\+[EF=O+D4E,EC^QO
M5U*C $

4XNE'HY&4P-GL25
M9+_@0%QC+B5W
@Y]IR7?@LYR


6[5SO4U+Y(4!]M=DQKI
L6/

M5XP):*5.HS4
!RU*#F+:O!I!6XXOQ]_MRZ/S#3'Y ?'?^89


M[XN[^_-'Y%/H4WER:AFU:I]_S^XX3KL&!=^YK9:[?
4V$\?FQ
C0_QH))DQ=
M?!C-.08KP0MH






BV3IO.9.+E5%.-COTVJ7)%PR
M)J#^+&C'W8S.?'IJPBD6@6(+K=JOC)'+2OQU[IV/6'P*1%RDDO#IBO
?XX\
M21S2QQI^S=*1DU%O8J3=$U=^
$!YHSL


MV0[$



M8$L%RH(4/).4-IA

M-D\#BC&?[


M([E28%N6!/[


MG.I/9VU?M

5^H-D
M/^


M0?W4[[;F)L7$S*-6O_8.

M4#^G@CO*EW

@1(

0+5T\0N25
M-




MBB8



MBAV

_!YY^-A-]('K9;F9RF(KV*:W3\ENMBGHHL)D<H<+;FHA2#)U@3DYX?

6%K@=)UZRO#KS!A





1D16J//E#E%4'A4


M(SHI_L.IO&CQX-G#UJ.


8)5+Z

W)&^/9+5X-C0[3)%#L1]0MB%X%'U1





'4
M%93;XT[;I7:3V2B]&/6QR  U(

M^;)8;@FU(DP4
_H
'15R2(H_B*0U/(
_;(!D-P5A)-JBD]4D^ZY&,*

U?YHC3=PX2'
M,#3E!ORRI5UC*.#DI9]A('\UQQW:&  P1]P/_*#Q[6UJE!K\PA <]&)_E
MCXYZ
YLQ9^$?S'J6OZ4^Y_!
O!
;YC.



GO';2FC?


M#0;I8$ I::


)[O.]'Z0OL9OO.@.]*U79:UXQSM;M*L



MFIN[D]MMF7MWA$5@#%; \XG
P'(1S)? K+ES@BYQZR4G7.#"/K0+OB/GK

6AZ#.V^U)SP !K9O'V@F7% K:3#H

7X]U'VA^%68M:-/5L2ZYBFPC5#&[2(,9K4#^#BK0&27?S[^+[]][
M;:7F23^$=]=GDZ-

5+


M'^IA!%A%WS:)^P9A+=6$1Y#D)2-JHL





MSD#?Q1Y;Y#7& EZXV?/G!H_V_GB?22$E+OR;/04]S&P2^? @EZN0IS80D%
M'4R



MS*RX/HHD








MG84

;9MO$%W^J)I77PR

MDVXGYPXPC=5N^M2?)K
Y%VS=\AH'7Y J)Z'O&%260#CSN&;QQ-Z5BGQ*E


:FCR\A&)


?G F(TU8$WM#/YK2O8OS)

'QH%]R-3
M])9

M:G61B8%8]'+WIZY';]QX&











_$?L:O$$OP#9Y$RA/'DNQ9I+-(
MPBRZ

MTR$&F-_CLPP[VLX




M6F+
C)HF!K0]SDO')7BXBW'IO06#[;SX7U9:73V&4;\8&\M*NHJ[M;-1LK6I




M$E' 
E)F_P2(L_
[%RD(@@CRO]$X0.NL;!:CQJC%:7K;2NR;+$*JED/R%)O+










MW'KAIY%XJ:^@79IX'3MERV
3W#

MAJ &?(U3W1]TOK=%J^ T2YR

M035/DK:R7D@

MKZ(I&.35$1

L_M*
:5J@U28TQ?$WI*^V%CN
M_\X^=TK3W=:ULRL9W$QRGR97P.26^8*RR)&D,R;[20GRU/\,\O)Y,9R Q/^
M)2\S4N2':1D[.6JVC;71'&
*%$KKN&Q?9H<7)
M2:2^:8.K$I/L.H#2W$QG5U$FDFBX*SE*KWQJ=& 64M\-'+;A:_2J9S9LROV

E)-ERLD0PR+JI!+=3O.'L5

MJ
SWR4!Y$3]U(=




M_??&([LT!H1B#N$G2 S+

[;LA4B#P6['B






M/R*0
5



MMV-78\?2\^DZJ*\QBC;#AT=&2BZ?MC&U\ Q$2=\RCUWML0Y56=U
JWT22N%=

M





O
=A4 Y[O=C;

TI;.+









M''^ TC\%E(!N
ACA)@R&0[BT YDG/)QSO&IE#Y0;^
I8:@L)Y:8KH&8$$[2U! 7@

Q

MS[Y1'H&,I!6\-,,#K./XJ4U.]XJL^.X#W=^/^ +T_AR(T%(K^NB4=R+VPG

&XD^
MHA1+



[.OV



C]0&=FZ=9]#;H#Z S0TQ14B
^
OJ-@

9Z20 .S
M'$_XA_YD$+@

MY8?S!L0D=\F^8WB9^D

.GEOR''W



DECL)? (.?T%
.%&.-3
M_-[Z\ 0REHYM6 Z)_0#3P=R!2?#

 TK8L
)8\.*/)8VYI%J*[B]37

;FZ*H#_H2SPZ)-


MU=\P^;I:
SK)G51
W1584]!\]R9YA*

5W


!-VR)^X&FE)_.E
#QVCD
M9$!/:5.2#5?V @-)YU.]D&1
U#M*

M6!RZCTE*GH[R:]&3!'X\G
(#



;6L#+?L(YXFG[;
M]K#*UE!P/'U. I$Z[ 7HI+P3_

^_2_

M_]





I8VN6]&';X94G)J^W@3^BXX-57BPZMZHKU9-X^%_LZ6-T']


M$(ID1L


MS@5;R 7Q)&6Q?P8.&#&+BN&]$KFULMYO5WQ1T/;0TBY(NR#KK:2@V3?9Y-3^



(0:1


M_[BUR#Y+M)5P:597WW&Q.=SL
1=1LO6?IVSIS+KC=\OA)^;V(0G7&/ (#ZLQ
!J!;-; W5XK@DTSYJ]2,VZCC17RK/[\M:71OE%CS\-C!$ZL8
M)%9QG
QE$DBDB
*QCXGX/$CG027W@&8OVVE6@54M31I+&4MUO@NDBEC38!=L










M^7$6/R\D%85.EK#&1S !
[PU^O63_#7)(9*X@D]KDWM
0MQ %9^9.[(^RS0[

4FF\





L6Z_ SW#(/0]9K?6)[82LUG%.

4T+Z
/!
M14=ZRJOI+^93C56A8OQ
GI0[&QP?I1B:)SQE657[_;M7OW_R#
&I85]1/=D=

M%I&CPXM



^




K'])53VR*;E-4!*OT)ES<
M3!Y
I.$




M/6WHYOWQEMP.&$9F/$&=HF3]2-9RZXR +_ZJGQ6I)DZ\)J2$SO /F YA!1+
M\4H!=.KMM2KL[$B1SF %RN8A$],%U'M6_T#;17&S64?B4EV$J@H7V^VR\67







L^S(![%Q)
NS?\AW^3\KGI[_O63[JS(6_(H:S:OS$3.
MCD'D_/!%3B\/7Z-I78Y Y





M$
 8 

H]C3UG-M:$RU28C


M%!&S*H8QV3U1&J2$B-D)5\K9



'%!
M9):$V2SO1V)CCU)
I):$62TP'$MH\2I!:DFXU8+B22GF,@OR9P%K*2@F,@O
M;-?





M)#*09#80K%IFU$ 9
E#&;

V


MQ)$A^63


MC3.UE#+%B'23
^MF;RUE#

MNLF9=?

Y)V??N8R6T@XI
M)G).SKYW&6#FM.R6P\W+S
[!F+3LEB/GY'/N8\MIV2U'SLF9G0
QYKT%$A!
M!;.

MZ[ZN+\*Q+_93JX;C8QLO?W4[^Q=02P





7^]?ZU
V


IC[O*O%W
KVYX+4W.8S&WBWV8%IAN




MO0-?[P#T#GR] ] [\/56H+?R]5:@M_+U5JW\O56H+?R]5:@M_+U5JWKG#6


V

M $
Q   3    6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=+GAM;
W;WVZ;

M4$3-**1F%%



M  @ !H1N2L_)\4SN    *P(  !$              ( !F0$  &1O8U!R;W!S

M     ( !M@(  'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      &A&Y*



4      &A&Y*0( Z#50(  :
   &               @ &:(@






M  @ !H1N2JR?[K6U 0  T@

M:&5E='

BYX;6Q02P$% ,4      &A&Y*#;^PD+8!  #2 P



M 0  T@





M+W-H965T



(!   !!0  &0




YX;6Q02P$% 
4


T
M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (  :$;DKU=LHN $  -(#   9              


4      &A&Y*4OFG.WH  P   &0              @ %N;





BYX;6Q02P$% ,4      &



M%     @ !H1N2G%.=E5Y @  D @  !D              ( !A7D  'AL+W=O


0(  *L&   9                4Y^

M% 




M:&5E='





M
YX;6Q02P$% 





RYX;6Q02P$% ,4
M      &A&Y*K+FXN9






BYX
M;6Q02P$% ,4      &A&Y*%F!L_ID  !,@  &0              @ &N

MB-:-
0


4

*   9

M A0#%     @ !H1N2NNC=$CW 0  N@4  !D              ( !-]\  'AL



M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (  :$;DKS.=1GOP$  !


O

2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      &A&Y*$^9] ?\!   4!@  &0


   9                =3I  !X;]W;W)K








Q   3


?I
?9\N/9C^Y-]?/IDXKW
M]X??LO&D^BNSS]*7Z
J7QB-&L'SXUO?OWW\NOCG*K^%Q1'^9/W'_A4%_^&7#





-?^D



GA[^]*D/8




NZ@\JFY#

-[2?5(


9]A]U+L%BZU<&E?

M?!]^^==_C

7^#82WJJJST7P/['LWZA9^9DEA?\^&6=X9
M@/1


RAB-5 +J; M!FAC57C$=OI;^'[1;1IN_ZM!MMN]&V
M&^WAKWY4=&]H3;


MEY\;?

M+
$Z62QZRD589U1*N%0&V^GG?^\
IADP/^N
IWG! ML9]Y?U-HPG_5M@T.75

M@5(E1QH




MZ]U



M) RF[FG!59VR[O


NS^_
M#AO:O+EMYLVY*S+B;S':7I&7'F^PEJ+5YE:;3^Z4?J[.?UTX$6KUN-7CY\ +
M=/!)
R\-R



^H53$MN/AS@(K'
$FL1#!


M?Z5M@NQ


M]$OC7;1:-=B_&ARX3U
]L+E5@_
&9

IQ7 -KM?CT
MM+A!UWK1UGFW=-Z[LPNEFT?VYW95ZF-K^,@M4'G6)5;.,O#S
]23Q\1F$G




[SM)[;M;(%\_*/EEW^80^

MRM




M_O%E/+IZP
T/4O;9Y\E%T4\QK?U1P


?9J,NE^6
M#.3BP^5I&,;ZH] *!M2EENO8]ZB:#_S;$QA&8D$A&VB4D<:97E[]HY/G\.++
M_&/_^F;!B7^8 D#LSC\]#;UY@+GK*)MK405I)PE^2R)]\*US#I1]@!O=WHZ&
MQ<?VM(2ZEK:%\*9$W$F*U;]X+]A]:F^[C=2SC=0\5?CD-K#5(DZQ4Q'GTN.U
M!Y';$<?\OXWH._#H-


M]J[Z!4O^9PG&GK?/:I=C]YGZ[@=7CUI#RKO%T)(X*85C3\8M@=W69_=GZ8

NZ F/KO*

MY;?PPYL%6-



MX79-\4.5K.YOK:X3UGY.)5[Q!5+Q5V*^YOW!-C


-

M?]1]D\JBRHW*4NUY*MT$YA9QP(=!J=/9QVP J^E] !KN_LP[\&!1[@!P??&3
MI=?:$?S8Y97OYUD7)#]V-YU^?MLYD;J3AZ+7198M8L*U/*O+(V_-\8419QM9

MZA%YUU/1I%?B((\\
JPZ%GZU*GE*FG%
!Y95$ZM;)3HU)3J&&K^G0=
I)38/

MA[4 ^QV7%LO%)Q[ -HJP $]@-S- ^@&/$K (?T +LH *]! :;#_DSZX]3.


M



KI;.
-[
U]\+GIE^Y7XD?=
MHD1E]L'PB%%^-MXBZ50Q8U5#&/CF'412TY+(42%Q7ET;SY+?YSMHJUOU*]
MC+3.;1<AD%-ZH%0<X)RT@D21@QTDB]UV^*O;AJ&0^_LKJ(V?JV%PE2@0A/
MC-6J


FABRM*16WR;_B/SJY

'8+K=;)#VYZSW4_'VQ24M
M_=SR2CY

*O+R_K8W:=^O5TAI/WG=MMG!1UWC#IA
*&2X.YL+YP

9G



M'T%R_6^=SX/
7.=9\=:K?'0;?G1O4CG5LNUL


M __GG/:M?O-QA2GK

_]T-9?KO%^J(*A&CJC8XD4
D9
#VS0S^F$;^<%;J:J2($5
MS_]YDV?C&W KL/<58*%SMR%?L8XXO#%4*=HM$2G%+S$&(BS(48:A @+Q!5G
M+@1M(FGSZC93]OC@3,^IUP









Q87S&
@W_4J48 6.F=$
\BYU^_O?.(.%O\$IC



M1*FW ?X+X(L7



MBVFT[7BU'6L_9MW.8'#:G%U4(F7S GAN(=@%FOX'X0%SY%C@1%B;
2;\O9

/9!BU/!WQ;G%*O!UL.@W



M-R
;
PQ3ME;[SP#4S[+T; 2S_RS3OCWO]HAOO




M/MM33 8[%4
T;=A


MD.4)776N*TBDM9&X5'_@N



M[X6
;
81+\ TRHUNGL^1-2
T4M#1A;^[SOCF_F[D]_[D9O'QS8PZIFG6:V
/

8DH2J2 8\X:75(XLLV(3&0_4?NH



M- (%OJV






M=
.1*'+R$L5S6:_ H]7H^/=\!/% =@6;];M.]\OHZH]._B6;S


71;3GWG_
M^CK+BVY=._9TBEAIAH0RCC+&)%5


Z#U<;C.WJC7DDL(7VVDTB.*J4,.(EX4PT+X<N%

K85X0^DK*'[$7X]-C*8


S2



:)
MT=A2QTAJ#A 

YJ@@A')+#7%SZI V



MA'*6JBCBC(/64Q-*=SPQ!+Q[8.!L6$KLPV]G[_K?BJ:@ )C[#_-45LHZUHPZ

M5))+;T#!A6
:P@V#(@G6&@WA!J'_7!3-\]EXCN*H/%E]OC@0;#=*0*B$N$K-
M34$88BX.)SPV*?I3QRR.JM.VFL6QF7E%,(8!1QC
*V9056RG(1%4N3(WG2


M_2!ML+U;



M2NDL7.7!GD?40B!T631!NJ\S 06[[4\KCRL:[&\4I-?6&RXY@@@B(L430*
Z


-V-=:B5(A@:$%7!2.F9
M-G).M[=$59S^D-KHA@@&_$6Z;;I5KV^7+J1/8-5%+=H2O1^S;Z-!.@Y=?J:A

 2M:;3: D17WH&KI






1B'!E.
1J

!'#:&.)PGGK$S45L*2E/ %?SR5[/
M('@XZ??Z@VG* Q:[TL)TN*R7S@A2KFTZF;\J=/+AO/*TR
;MUGW]A3]F[ZI?
ML
3D?W12(6EM@ 4MS2\


M\E@'$HT2SE%)P)&5A\ *!EO5BFJ75?C%''C0S\&@Z)]Q_V%#7%#8F-0O0GBD


J$6+


*R

KP#5*S_WL!E5!C-#!5L1O'%-!MR.FXEK+??.DV7#M





BP2@CI2I-Y!0.AK#C47*$ZM*!80)^+GH$\U637Q
M0C3&BZ*[1%31VG2_EA%%C50B6@Y_!'!8.M9328TRXN/V;=L.'VZNK7.1B
V
M.H@*#3!#HIBZ


5%$LW
M;J(%UQTDL*
\;5VF_CLU


M1O^I





M?+M/'%T

M
%@&
8P38F0025HTI
E+95?T=@O7?2!QS3.T9VI68$N A2  \@1#@ @(EAL0

M2:Y=D! ($&FC
S3UY2?!(H@.M2SM5-NYOKI9^H00/V;=T?6P_S]9[Z(';^E?



M



'R6)S3LL(T
MDYQJ@AW#SD
8X2FA(
'PQ.RY<*JHSW
M%GN-C4KG?N!*$S:-$9PJYZ63?Z*+D5^-R?0)YC8OU9.PQ6 M8H11$!4.),CH
M: *F5'*!#]?'N(
Z&C.ERYPKSD!?8/G1_G=:9D7

MN9LU+)OMIH\=O4$Q'9GE

MOG.P-!4MDD .3I'L%-!6XI%(BP*0;PN*TI)_5FRN85*



M&APF) 

M57&%U!JN8[F05:Z



M
.M'\# 4L*8Z6!O2O0)



MV\@P'RFV7&J)A+(AQ94$ TQ


PE[(\

UY\W

M&EU-OL_&/#S

M17

MH*



M*VBF#82K/P\%SYRAQ5X?*S2P85PAD.^V YJDMCW+E8H7L+:FH@GS5 OHN!


8?

*E7UENN^6J;WOBZF1*<^<8.FA*4K-'1@B+1*0S?CB41I
:FM2)
7^<?^]<TD_
CR;G\\

.!UL8\Q2;H6H@#4O3:I]'%_ ?Y9\
M@3W/(?-)/CU

M12P-2VCT?E@

M]!2

M_!=$%XN#JD




M
7&8(NXH3OUON702-(JM%0?HRKF/S;L-4S@!LP ]-L&ZK&T6@)DD9[P(M*



M9Q

O



_H.#12Q#
M

O(I2^4.9$3\= 1S8$7KAJ58N*
FYP093





D


^^#/

L3:EWEKZA51?#+N EP\M; 00*4A?% %B$@%*



@V^E

M%I!:_/'I&U^.R!]4UZ(P+C%@(H@A1'-BPW5UB0N&M6.9BF;7VK5LL5EF(
M6U,BEUHF8K:ZYE8

MQ+%S&Q@V2B./CHW=A!E'%-$X4N(AX@'/PU-14DK1&.S7U/G)EMW/]:$1=9
M(


B1NE+LS0T

M\2=7;
9YB:*1U3?.MM3W9W-^UN_YI3I?+]O79Y] 25&
?H<DK+L^$@
MS9
 _C5UB&41N05*6Q*)4'&E0ZU]BR8^2OVMM^F&V08R(;--CE\'(H!)M$Q





F \/?A$!8Q*_=60K0OP.]AK30F2D6-








I_(PNP_U60IBSQJV/NC8)QP%F?9- +0O
R#-R0D=B5O-2_^WM_
M



$2?(-1

6/%M?








Y+LLN)$I

+E
FF_]NNC




['!\'%0@[B1V
M@V0SF)!*L88P27/ %1W5F5*WM^PRSH]#QR_2WD&*


1*#RHJ-UE
!L6

FDH!F[/?/D'\A1G


M6XG5#DZ&V!]G\R'!Y:9#V^JEZ^SLXPHI!E^U1:-












N!V']/)\O&;S@JZ_??1I
-
1?;? '6
M?8X\

+A]R-QDX?E\GI945FT@DLU.TL:M5ZAU


X?U

MXNPA)KXS
OF;MI%9&JM$
CY+7DQP4:$S:S)]H!293.T/2^9?^5721N'-_-?)


$CD+ J/



G]!&;_#:3JS.K)J
%LXVDULB]2K6K?).I]


&WS.%_:4[1&G1Q2%V4@9KP
M^2*^[KT8T^DER[_],:85L:UT+5)27EY'*]0K
RRJKO@&##QJ&&\')N'F

'89T)8

VJBTD2
&7/7G9E4322Z=R:


M5-=+!K$Z^QTA[_'4-+[SE8)WK8%&52/FF+-HNN@

MD*XN&G7+OCBM67]VYW_W'Q3L1
Q+

M[M_:I\+JOB

Z8HOOCF



17C\+SL[0U0H1Q#J
79:$ U5W4


MB\FF90D$M3H7U.Z^6EE/JS8D 
^VG]DV]EW)))'!UAU2D015-5]FM];]'4


M9E'ET&Q@?:6=L\A+9^3R:Y!VN9SN]BS_'!3N@N;UAX_2DF/(I9)4TR$-?CTO


7R;OYV)&I/=@P5#U?.B)G5O7/9FIR'I!TFA+T?
MZ!WD$V!C/(^IRD@\HPO[?JD5J5ZNB;#4WBPP_@1:1C3F+(4%'#-8<T%(&G)
MS%TS8%S+?0B(8/1+R


M/4$N[9Q)


C68YG5Q.
M6:*&OU_/UWD=_
K/$VF1

0!LY-J#
SD$$WKH#3\FP*]OQ]$IK=(





BG1 3P%B



M;HT?.0KL


;)/)%JO4K
96E^F$4)W%GP_F+U0C[?-0R#M;&O:0S


O#^?F[//DXNYI<;'9(/<(17C!4
M

2%JDJI4;64


&)-HV;+)7
MT(/WL3M[T
$

\/WQ#XD]+U
@V#C@Y(&9E'&






M9+%




R@V!H6=KB8[$JOD$#CJ[M0T(&W&.4\
M=4 V#K_P7IM(&;.QI#C4C1'0K;B@QA:HWZ7@].:]VC.Y^$&.??F%O_#;)Q?'



A^H ^_IKQ&B3'R
M]N)(A.T(EI;7D(MF-[]SY[UQ?J.)\#
Q'_5L(9&1T3G69R-U_3+FH#'.R-X!



R)I?#Q3^N[Z-


MU*192_K.!=


EE2:

DQ



&X[\WOU_
WJW:


?+

C;



M&*^


M$?M5J*6Q58JN;X


J+1)OD88P!!J7U!I?MA+ONC'!YR/YA_+IX&



M&'ZY9%:??]=SYYI1&FF BMUX Z@6D13#&V5M09^P8HU-N\1\B]O1(_3I9_


HW6($LLK70)I6N!/HW










4;KD$V%*
92R7E*P

TK:7,YDT)PN2=ID9;NARRWH'M
M+<'23MB'&_?)1GUZK.5)'%

9P&


GM8JE?R%N[1\0\_U3. /%3+?O^-@=7L9A#OHA8C.:WD]DUN



M&\J1GH&



MHUA9%U&
O-E
S?W

_OZ;^PK6_0URC[]\O9




;P6+.V[R:TYO^U;9G?P:XPQ<N);;*B5+0)4FA




M





K_;D+!CBV#RM!T-7GHP2XN-LK,O:+[V[9O?!U.5;ND109
MF38






MHS




MNH@C#'(RCYDU$ZLJF3LGS4]
;%M:3&TI GL4TP$H&&^K:IVBS$J/417R[%ZR
MU5LQH.7(J5/0QX
^ZGAFHX)*)-&H]1@:_Y56J-&Q1] E4VPIZ1D?^TB[O&F?

UN

L%GE8W
MVRQ8=&JJ=N[X5L!W$3P7Y7C[&5AMN4002LW0
+.)RFN0-:0MH\X&?38&U%&G



M6\:S


( ;.5_CM5R]3O*LE6


K:V,^E0ZW
MZ\ACDS+BS!!**GEL

ML=(-*J8U'UA-GZOSXCR
9'A2RNP4UU!B

5T/


 HZNVJ:XX#$7K?HPZ=-UQ7I+!




ZV5MY=!V)WP;$[Y&1'\@R[/2UN]G&U*R6K3

6:W'6

,;6C]*]B2966!$02
XQ
M8F

M\9NJZZFP%V?3Z?EE6RX^W&29O'G[PV+^[K?I\D.9_GYL+Z\5IXQI)IMHD%0N

^JA:ODJI0




;B!L%A

MZM6:Z (61SDJRB:H*!*B'&2 O5+\'-NAW1_OC'4QE!TEN*MY5=R*(S%65Q




VD5'
M' .8H2

M #D89$^.O



M;$U\$IG$Y4$*LJWKW:[UM;'(6547],4).F3H22YB!JR[U'7HF%]KIVOZ:1G
MX4@L[%MTD0

^(\8;V&Q(=S 6


M^ PHHW@H12OOD3@VKE9KJYWS=8 2(3O5NOM?Y#79T1QMSX'NNRQU&9'WOC=]
M_NWSQ^F&H9E?7BWEFXQ?SWG=[YC[3I:H7MHQ5=;03M#5*/S2O//+(=^Q6KH
M1)B=[(ZK!UAY?Y^F


'*H8J!QX^QIEK.*/^VE\VJ?GQ]\


8AZ
 ?F4S4!9[L(O4Q](G1MX^JVOEF(7 8H1
206S*9TO-#;S9

@;V
MWHTG)Y46F0T3ZY7N0E4#VR:_&UP&\7RPAU]9











ML8C
=$*BJ&4.6+3 ;G^20T^Z4S)6$WD_LH3
M'@-04($,LG2U579AJHU:X)K&I2MVLX3L:-*9\OQ])!MLVN3*'E#@8G:S7

L.1*8YG0$O=HSQ@/V(U^UUB&
LV=&
M+)S

\
MA@;)%'2U%I1N+H&#HS6^G/*6+!L/^L#.ZY@E<TXYF[UV6%MI[+RF_%4^;2S]
ME&KC%!PXC#GIP1XZ:^V4-@VF9PM&5&O%]1;-2=K[';YD=24*=KG7Q%)X7X
M:,D7Q]J[@ELYJ\F;J/I47A5@'4WBI'2127@16W-^FB
%&##RDA!C= /+[


M)%MU3M[&%;Y8I0-UAR\ FC&4^$@%4KEI19A3!99'SU]44U[A2\2:O#M@T5*H
_D3?)2,M@54-P6D#7K%'O(+) 1+%7E3=IB+=&::4^JX[
MRA^[H6MPH?C@:S-!JVREWES7[#PUL,5LF6?BL$-YZ_&?!FS$;N_*!@,<[V/V
MI63%D;Y:X\*J^ED=I+3T:?#&GLB![ :

M'])8QKR5&IL
S$;I#I.:BFT%*;;(/]E2&.MWAB0#.)*DT3WC0NQP(1D;\!!S
MS1E





MD']I(?II
?_$P=/T_*=KX?;A^Y5O2S8VS(\E71W*0* 2E)5A[R(=GDA91FFW
MF!^4&E(XAFALK

M355)J%V@C0GE3(*-C+9)QONIN]]B75-T=Q/N\NQDL(P/\&*
0AK2XNNF9J
M*%1 H\A'05*I6-3W*1#]%ZN/+R/'T2*LM%;?WCW=\(73K7KC 7GXNM*+LS]N




M\#^

M)?)V:Y+^1F':

M=_=HZ2D3:JQ19KMC33II[XKB_R97;-CB7UBK7;= .Y/[K2S+?K36XG(*9(MS
M055^5LCL!_A4K7



EAD5'J#3%[J.2TNU'%






MG2@R9#?*RY;3]VQF9I^FJSXGX\0Q'ALO1-6!C60 8STK[F%%FL74]YK?
ASE


Y5@\6DE*
M521] H.)JZ73'//TAT+?H&OVX
J=I'=6FPNZL!;TKMK$
6;)Z_T$ 6IOB%YI
PG T;
MBT6GIM!;!5Y[&\$45K&AAGMSA&]3M!/V!]BZG1US&A1MI$V LZ+0V*?&)&<#
M2ZVX')H



MVDT*;@'?BZ3#RD.P1J5J-'H.(\$3V_HD\E!K]B;7;3F(.\K#/7C_
5].SQ;O

=@6\W?S +14@W-5
MV5JR;BE#BJSU:BT1:[#4C9&Y!6B/AQP-*SV$-7

MXXG#M8_ E1$)OE$JOC;BL H:F?7JLKZBEX/[V_O)U7\MKB_.7W_XR ]:W[Z=
MGDDW?W[)+^RE/W'/UDR*51/JYED/\S\FB'X*P3IK@N\\]
=A/O)\MQ%*4LFJ

M90I-+G)IVH]Q8U15SL@.1G@M[5I+$T5=MI5&==R.0\!1TY$E=9&O;V
V W
ME.DQ@!\^XXVC3F_1RQ!7HX/X/ U7ZYV3IKXV52/H;Q3V[=5&Z[.1J=N2[0(.


1(J$2W!0I
M$V15:W[]DPF0%*FK=$ 2*6%CUEV22!R)O)&'\W6](I=SJC4:@^:#W;?O@3VU


M+^R5_!9
6RTM*I]=Y.]-PR)XS$:_NT[/_#9=S]DZSMPL2GT
MY5?<=P'CWK=ZTV]:-_!ES CB./5G9!H&+]P%!!(,Q9M'A@G\IPA_,@IPI*C
M$4!W0!=2\8NG@9_]0!BLG2LRJ9'\Z&
J5C!L;#F#CHT
9A+?C.A4G\Q%Z7
M%P9 :R1D$0\E'Y#/D9M6W;[Y^NZ=!8_) 6\%S N
 %[T^(@1GK8#A2%]EP1X


M6V$P.G&L/)X44$L/X-JUGE[ Z3O3=JVE=6D6L!0Q5=:\-ZOIY-!&HJR1*
%H
M!#H4( 7\#YB!TP::\? 21\$+-QE  )IMCS$.5)1

M^
^W$0LGBUP'9;##PHAR/V

MH00):+! C)S.]YD#C9-OC9PL\AXU;(^[&#=)
L

MS5+.;&MTO 
(^ LJZ(/GD
DE/''A4.]? 
.?:11CQ

M0WWPU'MJ/MYU&[W6 _QW


%4QSXVWQ@&5$'#




*?]$- OT[EHBC4Q61




ELN+;EB9


MDRX0%;F3V3.G([MR!608P.T/.

MH92P _7%

MCA+Y

MK/4JXL^
 \0X0$[D +DL7M)I-0TO

06,\P1\<I +@]Y%\AG;:NH3VI?:8SIOO*U_POK]@O
MOM*./&G&[5X/8&9JRIC;IY;NI_&_W&]8O^V%5'6VVDBV=7UVW$/[ 1[$F




J
M!


PV_L@@_23AO

MY*

U8]1Y




MZI-_QMZ


M69)( Q3PPBPBR4\UP@CD.S]3&#8D7T+JV 6096DGHU#8
7[L(&@$W!*B:!


1#1


7$BU%8$
%
M^9%=K_5

(&F!3QVSPI8I!+BGAF/@NIY\T*=4]470TZDX\LE-78

MYTEKB3@\=.()S.



M7O1&1EB2+*$;B6 


M5$
?(5,7Q0O,: &D
M<N941 !U]A)GD#M)$ DFI+[ON)ILKOYYM)U6]U].W7KGGP?#J\.#[(3#E
M$8]2! S9!'[!B371FE:F*EB!I=;(?0+&#$!O@T-! 





& 5V%?B$ E#H
R8VAE]9E/P:J#1/E\Y.


M0


,%<YR6'V$3IJ:VAI1&ZRF'.#]B1%K(
ML&&:O408 ^*Q%%H=!^C^[Q53\?JF]ZW1O79GM4$4WE;AJP&&]]

MQ( N10NRVVVKWM66SF74H')(]A
X?Z9T1M-[5.HX88S-SKY-F2_T&6R&(UVL
M2G33[EAVOZL;4RH8S[IUOR&C



MCEK&O62TI2U1YCX6L$06DI!Y
J!4C/D4^(V&YNWE V-U&=&EZ$OM5L.JV\=7


'/1Y3.ATZO%BXCCWG0!=[]-I&%!G;
$7

N
2<0D;2= X=++O?*@8NP;\!:
M\ TG66BRMCDS!
8D-5[DBO /%I!QJ!B3D:R!0:
HY
-8$1P\(7GWXIC%S2O.




MA[2




MF)/8_XEA;)#3(&=9D;.]QRU!-5
^F<0!TYN2;^





MT9B'+ODSIF$$NX$E*RK(5\612\>T+W*Q9,)IDL F

MH299K*$D\]ME308B9CX+GWE2Q 23%(F@+W)#A71-+@JI3!0+

M
B  QX$3D7GWS G\8((3P'
U ]5E.F9P;P).5%WPGTN(MSXTOS1=-U6$FE


M1:?FA6BDC$HKTS6PTYU@T0*YZI-*%;G'B%



ML!F^:52Y+[*&5UHJ(RV-L50S0XAXPERCWVECCCM0MJZ:LZ:T[#( *UY!MFU;

H$W987-9VX#^ ( NJEIKM


DF


MYKIF%P#%6%YXYH)I^5IZ_T/:1UUK! O)#EF-?*Q9NY1:L9VM-:,K9$G9)8

MT@+_')@$





M/G8?N!*CY$RR4\'JE@($EI@T
#O-[PN-=TL:69DRD.[AQT]RP7B0



M_E:VB




$72


A[BA7(/S]I*





'%9\] AOCZA(LL]()F

'JMERL,3KP\0!3MHR
MG,F=E)WQ%)UT.74@P5Q PZ]^\.H7#RJ[KQPRH,,7-K]# !:M5MX/?#BE/1%
MG

TLAB3]CZ&QZ#OW*FWV_.E&06'VM(M1!ZKI2


M8T+:BV
3*N(5G! @XN&Q08EP!$KS0N
M.$-0_!-7OWIU'657'Z/FP3X;:'@8^.[M(B%+IP&^]##W^)!!#!IA&EAQ#YK@
M!'BT17X<H(*704\!KYFZ?&3$U$3!G,\?4Z2L#BNW@CPZ9C%]B_?AWU)'523F
M28#)Q7=$OR$2_@$(+ERN!DIR)6[9-S!2(CF=2.^-$B3?*6%BZ+$ZQDE4X+Q
MHRMP66_X:XT
5(2$W%$HEST&AL'=$-RPTOF8%L$O8X ?&84
242D
.V/*O
M^8/MI>[VH&#^(;A L#=)S(W)2




!LP&S@B%E(:4_B) ?I2!LY

M@G
!TI^#.!H/0^X^
POV+@1UQC$F6R;).$



MTM%$.I:*[BZ


=S=54+5/W]F'ID4U'E

M=K!-WQ6%0LOSXT6XJ3:3:?79[+14PPJ1-:
0LB3N\2HM7VW03:]3LPO_IR\$

LBEF9T




M?JRZ(U/B@AX !UBL-:FVF%8J7M6
'A4+C[/0(C^&&
)^'])19$GE+@EJ]X)(





&CH%E6_L2/MTBCZ:^#X:D(Q$]

7@R]IFL13(Y\9 R*)





M
QQ6&$CC6
1#L.LX
%&&+!:_3-S4L

M6CEH91QO(Y)]D'U\+@2;A927U!'@6Q^PL!(I2*CSMC)8WZ-D%QQYLU_59E(
MGA) ?HZ=HODSH/)W/II*5
C\Z*O
$+2D[D+L1*X13[Z3JV(2D6! Q:O:E.A
M4!IM)HE#P=PZ@T_IJ/\ =H7R%L[E9S!\?V: 0=

M?^5@/OT9HU0$*0]R2PIA./08!2@(


MNMPHZZQ2A0P\R:OPA9MNS



/IN10


@^-1K?5&#2 S0Q:K?M^

MR;M5FB&9M*M1Q9^I(FV1#'=X'3.\AB=XM83/@#[M2!^Z)1U-2=$Z^8N W?(1




MF\#.[\




C?%QOU14FEF &?(
MU@1XG
Z&_XPER=RE4


MQ7!



6C7
MHH9U&_K

MK R-EAN6%V1GGR*




M_C
P2.[3B+DD\


OU9F1*9Q.&WN%@1+@/WS%$'_@?6'M^T.

_+



)@LAG#IA14VB*A
MI328(.=;^L(&.?


*;6VO$.17S)!IF


B 54-T-\.O5@'-0H#+L\^QSX FR[36UVN9
MP:DDS0\R!KEL5FUBF4(^@0X^8+T ??3ON7@J3)%)VEH!% /+JZ_0:(WLNR

?%
3










MST(J3#7VU-;2AY#&R[=;EDNC.'SE&K9)JDTL^



FP
M9C_MS;PF_?NO/\3B]IG2Z?L'.%U


G2EH=*F_(IM0CGBK#$KZ

M
9VS3G_:V:M^2U^N/!$#N/T!MWUF4J&N_'+E^#-G+FV24#HSQ!8@G6FJ^X#\


MEUL5TV#4_-




U']W

%I]Q

MEXA!$!







\K;U0LXA%7^A
1 [(24WI/?_2S3


)I/]8?N@]V




M)%%FCCE53571LV!8%7G#9%S)D0^J+$=8N*SH(X%D9XM&A]!XL/E(D]
MOLH#L4:%+[HZ&(!J M\FR@6^X- PG$EOA=H%'!]'+I4=(9\?(6R*BL '\IQA



]/94;Q.AN5L


M!_F/EY0HD](/O@O9R)
_XTKE[_-=I94]%[\'CH 2?$Q?FPD#+N53VY=?2W


$&#J?MAJKPN







MLDLQ\$I-&E463A4CCT[?ZM:U]6HQU&&H8YLXT35)31J:U9Y8N/1Z5JM3UZ;!


\:?4U7C@=K5+3D&O$
U7
M5V1>#=W:5K=^LL3JZ;;ZMF.*X-?CFP^6L1GT7'P45=8N$F4609@Q?-A;*O?
MZL#_-T\&.)/Y8HQXP[\,_]+DQ^\TK7;WA.G/U\]JI.;

9$;*/'CCE8KEV

MUFBW:ETRT;JX:'
U$;GZI?9]I!_9)&0B2ES(O[O%F-R

:@Z7 /=EVM*

'F5NHAO$T R ;


M$KU:O_P$46G

+'


'4:*FJ;


L?;
M_;

MR 7U
1C

0A^P(P
MN/


(9G#4-TMEEE(82SZ8RUY08-Z()CMLMG^.J(P582J6O'U.&\Z38=(S

34%$B^6=VF4JFE+O957O6
MX/0^U^ TO0;/QXVE(ZJJ!]3Y



;_


EJ);(C;/)K) ? E
M#-9R$MI#O2[DPSAB.:3T9O@3EU@83K&0.

7?&&-(C$=UEH5K/D)&?V OS2%/6


M:H_I*'G&#XPV94S9G@

2I]
*@!((3
MF[(045(R\SP/IMX






Z@CL/A6#@A:

VNLJZP&GE7K4Z*4[1



X






T\Q
MW84
_GN?EN8EBX(H-:P
7AF\
GAU1E@9;\PZ4?J0+TFA)=JR*K7USZV$FO?
M2M)?='(D)XA/4-ZQHPL6;1%4)SRP&FK8..73+-QVKV]ZE-=-6^Y[C?V7.

J
VYHV%WR?.^.HOSQK;J'6ULZDVH7+.B4T[*


M#IELD2W)(T\3V&GU]]KG&AFIR%F)\Q


MDE5;SQ/+
J7E:

M1=8VIR.Y-C\2-3+]9*UF0@I]6)0(4DVY^4NA&S0RUZ0;=[(BV0 ZX4R(C7$4
MP%2+KU#9M=NCJM




0;@CM4':!2%?!BK




M:K=)BH+L/QG$ M1YL4LZ\/98::JY2^O3]&TXF]Y3
@!66


MZHW18JZ4LYABOL:/\R:2?*'?B!
RE^_GQC]I1[8STE+#JMM]H^=6P^*^#KEN
MW!9'%_B7PKV


A NDIW4,GP)OS2XFK\QT=UICM6CU)-XWZUEFSNAI)7'+C
MQ/)16'5U,*-J&:9U,F7A2IS@QDF519V@AVI50<U2VCKEX/BE,&=*8K$T&E:_
M:]*(*N)P*0?]5!R(%ZQ*&4Y^O9S<A9=K'NIU*S\8F
$CBSE+H6&2DTN54
*

!RM)*AX*1RM

_\SX XP_

M?6/LEU1+

R@&XP6FDK<$&&5
!W\
B$^O29R:#I%-N['^!WYG$V(M&81H1'
M^






<!J+POABK!'6@;8+&UQGY'_TJCU#SE

M!4*94(SWY3[.OFI'

M@F:6TRF (80

M$@-9-O(T7[(Y]@U@Z*OQAK/
V*!Q- YJ?(2,)9!N$O/JJJ'@[-F!Q/[C2.
M))_W^(1'J:CX$:0.;



M+Q&4*

BQBU1!%#(


QKI0NP \/74]993B 75^6[$()K5LU?#7]RMO^);@+P&
M0(\2-2IN@@BAKYH%DEA8+O\*BW&#




R
 \




$1$]=AH;)XQV[#OIF!&EL+HK;[! CL6#


R\G9M.LU?4

MFYT#O2P%/A;@MP+TP'T13[\1AT_LBE?41%7OE8EM\
TI2=/9+3AC5P[)+K63

S$8Q(SGV0Z!?N1*^'-@E/9P_[2

+UR
]FV4L_O*Q=





M!FZ 94!7_P(Y@? 90*Z@I.4J2_5\KM/G\M$\R7-=U^LK6-EH./BYI--@


N%4BC-4$1\!



M&.SC:VZ2

MMKGS0E
O7
MYV]1;18UKX$WUG;VK[?E%BA#4MZL\I^;2

M2ZS89_PY0W9RQ(
 'WAE#(.]
H8490F /DL.FVN+O8:]O-6P[YC$?YW@;RB0
MFDDNNM
)8H

/1
[C#C5C9Y*Q_H2PSF_6Y;


MYJ36%FG]*H.HGLGSD14U [=5NL/=S@J**Z]\EY%HR'NX7
6LU]Y%)2/XMG]W







M2LJ*)@1[K)VX-\M(Y7:?^'/\ +M1;+)?U'$^O/5P9. D3DG\,D:O#C9M.:D
MF@#%QRL+7B^(\UW-HGA_-:%//:JI8^O2F7U_D*(Z;9RR8I
6%9HQ*I&BW$#


RN[YQ;6K@

7.3R66I8T49&FQ8P?R\



H+6L





]CFHG&./0%&(6WA:QL]*P+14@?67O(XE[@

;+OGE2_HK#Z'53(5ZQ:-/BZ']F?
MA3_)J%MY

\R:P#XOM

M*3B7+49V89I6FFE
YLLNR_T*)EH6!/:Y

M!!97S

N;-N5


ME+G2^)E4.F2+[\[;N\&?'VAIG



M* (






919(+;

VM LS1[N569 ;L52C58EC&!\PCL[92@W8
C=










M&=BOP_B1S86.HWNVO-;G6[]F@P4
0P88

M.EBL;CTXK8151Q._J&+G#7VF?4#T6D?HPY[$_;U%U#WKG=H52;
V-]1Y^2



4ZKE++




M\V;MPTU#U.#C?+(XMF7=X!K19WFZOG/@[!E%6]+*S%3MF29\YBGL WPA3^DH


TV*[/:MX%._*F\M71WM+TEJT6)2WIE)RL


'ZEKL
M^T2

FX**B
M 7)QE6AS74Y[*:Q+WE(X$

^'8IA['P[

]0BJKY!U3V;/0SJ3S:C(*%9.4V,S9P)TG(:5C&=9U9

12DOSEGCGD)=B&!?;'=9 FZT.;%P^\Z\R




GB*
M2WAE4SM
62P&--0O+P@4G566#D%CU.%Q1[*Z2IB!0^5 1:?P*@
-1L$99IG


\$S9K

'/$+@(6N<?K'N_



M;(R/C?&QL[)ZG96Q
3[V?5-#/38%U9M%.(3O5L
W-L9O8P\\;(RO0*\&;(R/












B
M(YZ
$7_/(XH\B#QX2A[\@XV9FW^XJ\VM8HB] :E@GVFF)?2)1CG%8%L#W9Z-

38$O),&=U!CH,;8G5NJWNVM!ZX
MJ# :KS .=M\0R1#)3F+[]ES=[
FK



H1#3D1.5(-PR(G(B6H0#CGQG#FQ(4?JZA(0


IJL
M*P#:C;JSR_X%+*C=1$
ZU ;4IY

M







2@&A$E]H]?#Z[A:X-^=;UITD0LH8U

M($X)92_+F6?/,0D&;)?AD%_2Q.4KA!--3H]RF-4A$I&A@BAY2MFWQT'*

Z
%CA@Q-B%$<.'#^ ;


-6LXTEF'L4+!3A=JBU:VANT!2%H:
MP X)MGJ@B]#$6*!D

MO%U%9-A31O E#5:8T]GF+)H8*3PP#

M+C\0X2S^R7
PS

A
\^)!
4_JA_.'G9:]]_A;5E+Z9

*W*QDN
/[=
!1Q.VVNPQ)EA
M.4V860FR5;%C5V




4UI$==DP?4T?_@W]7GV5YF
D9*0)U&E61*(S#N6H#5\
MT^+BYZV5


]Z IJVW_E20_.T4C&JV ?PE?H EEKF8
M(EV
618

M*Z

XEI%GD@P%


M(L)

M@!&$W2(

M3']-N

M)L&?/EWKO+H-A#L


MC45/B#]FJI:[
P'#L0AL5M![L'@Q643@2M&C
@&AA]4/%^OBJGX;YXL*X&Q1
M=+
=FE$+<[
 S#L_M7G4[_
M^M:\NC)N!UZW




7*U:FS12?G.'%G**IC9<H:S+#3F):.)X$/)*4\N3U(.=]P


A[#M$\R0O4S9
1YPH*
M&]Z775?*QNS@8\Z4G$?@3_Z8&7;\G&24<_[@S,,=;+@0^)N).G]_\!E$C601
M'GBY\0Y)Q(X_!

M:


*J XM'F(-LS05:
T2CU;N4G#G'4F']Q6 $SYF)A@RCF5Z(RZI;
MMN$!D. Y6E(6_ 95W5FNC''D[+G

:BI'H94%
M




MPGUP^9?9]
0UNI

M=






W6_!*D:0EZG1HNDL3V^UD1Y6F
M=(?;N)Z'

M.J*\VT59Y
Z\=U9X_;AK^N66


M&6KWFV/0T=RYL#[L%M#!TI;0QM


ZA-7GF2S/19T-3*VV0Z\

1NOCGA^
MHV

BOD4'ZY)4&B/9$PY_
&!#RUT)IXS252
MIL3-U;8[6C@KT:40DV^[IMB4/?# @_<;/QXG<EG,1
M%MBVELEBH[EM-)N)E$=LR0;Q3JD;+8=+)0/'1*C:-(/^\]34XXM

2



_1

M7M!I5-=I5 1S.I?2$&=UQ^LC@V11^J%6T%%(MS=+KA0BW/D914V(:ATGH([!


72HS3E-@



M2X
Y[.W2L&IR-9NF-[NFL?L54IIB:M^5E.7L317O6UY2J]. 5I*2WG1-NT
MI



ML\KB/R_O+K4190=3H0Y/(!F%OPVU
(;=AB_X\81J&9 R&Y-L@23$SW).PX3
M1K*N$1= PX!EEU*65PHD*_[GN
# Q'VWR#Q\PD\)_)I^B/[WB.03Q,-3(
T SQB3.*&


MB_1[D/*'38&3DE+0-SYPY^67&Y&N[ 2[WQ.(P&2:



.086M$SC//%G9)D.@U!E_.JP*K0
M7!YLYZ,)BR;L44S8G=+IFVG;BHE2.@4_CO#8+_0**+_/H#$LM;3M4]?M2@&
M7'V.Z+(JN=SZ5+#%
H_94
?



M=4=3





(P\!&&0O337#5?K
7;U4OGM'ECP*HS]OW[[

OH(^^A=T^^WWR?TBBE5Z+/U3V#A-EMV'@HQM;?Z.C7


MZX)W0*Q\W8LN1(J7WKRP7]X











M6G;YKVI#$5WGI(/YS-


@O/[E//4YK25/5A-(7Y?KE65:L9+K^5%PJ$L[R7+

MQ
ASP4C+TEW/0XQ$9WY/#OHS(I


?BFHS)!R*+29X'
^'OZ-^' U74@F]R\ZF
M5

ZCFZ(2\#N/6HU)@PK)@E=VCW053X-1IL:I
C_LE8-V+F98UY(7SFF[=8@X5/.
MOT'J6);X

7J'?K+2-GH=QUMMLN&1[Y!6**-JT[)%?O8QTKCN8^9I


1!H377F /E+?B3MHAV-0=B7W/S[D#<(-$5#GE@(1KE-]Y


O;TNS:


CTDC]3S];M;DWUEFO(=A;Q
_4P33D[ NF#Z([H7O^YB GX


M^4 ?FFRS

M?$:QDZ]F#C%8@?0#R
A_>Q:8_A'PZ)Q A@*&$P_M9.'A$.IW5%J.RT+Q==#
M+;XK0^K'

MSIU6J#U0*IONN\BCY
?)-


.V9XZ-RZA9U'



CTPYT_IL
\



M+W_?G1LG)'D

)=0!C(9FF

MM]Z2//^[3
MFQXY:ICEC80[/-C[5CK9

M+5YMR-GK9K-.)A?RIPRI'R=\ 
4'8!&:
'.JB%A^C

4S-I4U^AWGTZS





)/'(62
MFE6NAO!B&7\%S8U+HW




-?A3TFQ(O;5$5R;@*

MN[NQRTK_#14OG3U7\M$W;8&
.Y16;L223C:N<%)^+%Q2@P;;]6OW<Y)T*OQOWH54IOTSI^7


M'(8L33U@P7N:9DH:Z8J(W85W*:VN^-PKDQHHETTS#]!/5C_\H HKXNSDMLY.

MV%;G4EH[SG-P
S FL(F$_TOG)=!:R0$T261+RW]JXWFL=F]M- N5I%!SDGQ
MHS^O/ED5 2STY]&?WYEIOF3PIY^F-)F0B,+5HH,&!=L@Q=-\=NAFHRNONBO?
MX' ]:O&#U%,-5;ZJ,%X-ROP-:K4%H# L(FI;C8USJJ'Q=;



 U_32E6;IS2]C.C=N_ZG2Z;K=[
MW??








PUQ]4YO%BT;1==Y
E]%O7033F+!/$+\4M'-^U]4ZW




*

M35 ;'7E@&6JE]FNE^S@CH32&:6AZA$*AS:8D2!Q.









M]8\SZ\+B%GLWG1XRMR+OL7*EWZFX-D:R5FK([X+7=NC5+[C*ZT!5W?/?1C

MG=XL6C:*KO
47@T\_F\TY''
=!Q
B*5=

M:[&QK@4S\Q?J6M;93UA:HE@V
%X'6T







M0S&9P@.
\U#!NV12J9I!HYCHG+6$G(\ZLG8)8:(Z0G6$ZNAMF=JE2SJJ(U1'

OD/)**/)*6


$.6UO-$YR4O
5!4
K8I;Q PE)Y%.-9-KO
M)


MX=*3EM;6%CQHNE=5GX!PXX4.E;3@%1&H3L_678GU0FT/3C=3KI34RHW+VCA4




M3&H=#_ M5QAXB=)WN2\JI)%7Z^=5)-RA0FYV5))R166ZTO=@CUC(#LJ_AH/)



MY;JZ9TOKMX$*H_$*XV#W#9$

H0RA++30)FEVXZT


M]*DM R(N/-WQZI^NAWZB4G*GLD; /%W%[*S60)UEZH;$:0.(=8AU*(:[^T&V
MWC%ZM3-:BU@$)0TE;1])LWJZX^+D;)0TE+2ZL\L\O6.CI-4:]%-)R@[EET\L

M#L=0
AO
JC<H%0:MG&%-Q&P/NH[:U@41L



HH\FZ
M J#=J#N[[%_ @MI--*1#;4!].GF@B6:;NF89IO1RB3-F1Z1/H\3UE!(YI]\_




MP1L./P*09
$HH
-^FM(L[?O_R8
$?HN&GP+R$(1!%M 4_I9/Z'#QUK ;$2/Y
M-SKZ]=WMP#)

A




M&!J$^K$9-^9W9ACD.;3,R^\^L[XQW_'0#6+W_?72HG)'D
(K%(DF=Q^8&P

[T06?MV?SV1\5B3;;M






0IJ][OG!6Y8!M=!F

MAJ^#D/+S.!S;TUU;WGGIWA0] M^=7M1W+OF54S)XM%?=;;F+)I+LNMN]7D!:

ME\F^K'HZF\724^V9)E247 ^U; P(^CC6R'0:!HN%XT6'7_A+$A-_K

'3W'X
M!
3G?Z:PT

M\Y2.\A 6\B0JR;-*L3Q+OO9
MP:JQ6]-
FQ*V@P'\



 *$*_

0M7H:*\!\ 0
TGZ5@;\1X8)
N2X$7 @??X-B]?,_%
MEQ?(G- T#\6WYG?CCX9;1-HP2'FZFT!C .H43#%!,?8!2?A2
8?.._RP0CW
MQN

M

+O


;
MC82D--







T
45PW$6R



MRM/WCX1
/]SY8WA@2+^
OHE.T_^EPX^
%
$HH





L.Y4



M

*HBC!.866B 3L?I #V

2I
XN



PY80YM:%5AQME/GVFF


Q'RD)*G&:(C4\JES^]6]F B!!BE*I)$A%2I@8VR6)



M$_)4E4S+;G:[1LT8-6.DH^PV_4A@1D;.9C=LI.+LI
)D2&S/1EODI+\F)7TS
MB0]2G[]NW4SAOEJ!OD=HJQ85_?:PJR_NM3

#8
M(V./WB2BT[3;_2



M8QA$D;4

-QY\!Q
M-8GZ'C

M:=!VKVUW.VVC0HT.
#K@;'7 T&YW#92(T0%&!YRM#NAT[)'Q [1$7BH4 #QF




;XC%



LBK)KI#DKY[U4(%6''G).@1UC=HS9.5RR
M2W=@[(ZQ.T9!&@5I%&1)9%UOFHY1D$9!&@5I%.3I*$C-49&06X9/X^=H N





MW7*5!=R?W&D\Y\1XD;/RS+_]Q:^+^0/;OX;'5WBA
/O


+DGBW'GUKL/XF[


M5.

3G?I=54
MU8


J/3T?'N=S0?8[W[W6JN1N[^UY^V]MWU]K6\_+NU.





MV

MEA_N)W

+MS



MA=8[5RV3^6!MY*NU4VZ5%1N^6$FX!65/K!JQ.VKT!NU^=R3_W=57CMC54H[8
M&[UI25WGN*\_H=

MWWB6%X2O.?CK=MK7[5Z_





XG(

Y*VCH?2DL3VT:AU*N721JJ
5!FIJ@14


M0&#^)C INGSB)6-!3A9N[DY=)S%GCXZ7.$@RH#TU3@1311-V/+ Q] L0.(!U
M@+_&M!1 ' 51DRX&2D6(HAG
E
M6($(_EE[TT:0J\./AN,,QQF.,QQW4,+5))A<S*C,CR?PJ
=]/XM-[W5*/CY

'AD:MGX-:']GM=LNH]7JH=:-SC,XY9TS[!R^
M [+1.29Z8K3



M*J983Y\^1H.^D09M]]IVM]
V*M3H *



C,XMUW(^(98#,,#%7J<;C*T
M.7JNG4_
4_G7'51NVV44265D9&F&DK3&Z L&:DR4F6DRDB52=K8E\W*$H@/
MPV^Z:JG7K9

\








:C6QU%MK
[E







'
MET4-*\?Z\1HV@5MA#

MUGP_

M]PRSC5FXH)$1(ZH@ C.X


&+T2*P
6S









I?G!!\/53WY DYPGI)%H@8B#]H
M-ICGE*N3@+Y?I\

T!?6+Q=
]!;#<GM-*Q

T_#F4=PJF3(%@W;S7W69T=I<%I#6QB=G&&UI9[1'+;IC3IV


M$/A%$V%I6*L!R-T(FX8?:-^LQ






&K+9=S/I5,6HNH[ABX&CYZ!F/'8\.J9RXN O4I7:.
M*BO7-O?VAW.MH*ZDZE_*'2DE*_6BZ#,%0CE=!N#+6U\CX5?5#W7=7A!.1'
M'O6LI =?$8%:=W9O$#@JP.G;97/#NNF-

.P8!G0


TC=+4CXU\










D7_
=_*K_O$:JL0G^4WWT/


MQ%JCKP8-.:/F%


MM:H]+:.:!U

-V?.]#\)
MV N25E!:_XO'.V#R03W9UB\NV

W_/A*9
%


;^A
C\!3*@WED1'PQ0P4_]R*GAB+K3'LEZ;6
M0X!67VR;$&%79D&([L:Y)3%E1THS-:H-4HSU[*3B61YC;NP)^HO#9N/:3)A
M:=;;

9$
A?F)V \6#-C2@762

MQ.
S#@

MYSD_




;GWBEFQJ/?%SH^K






3\MI9*W
7


&1'OB98[ZI/(3UHAUY7 +[^?@X.'86E)

7
?
2[QGF(M&:%@


N[



M.CV)Y$&)^M8%B^?!5#T96?W5+GY_46Q$++CP@2(!
HHM8AI8B5

MM(4A=YK)M1
;9G#$LGRDO:::@I%2M&R4P@RR#S@FPOJ_-ZX;U@_7EX6DN$
MF0H3C\G@^4








MRC(L!VZ7U_Q(

B_S@PSRG&[FE%/EC@P2L
M11#)'7W$&SU#V5DVPI.9K!Q6A*86Z!32*1:J/@KZ/H&$8;$HR/ZS#!_'FP:3

MIESX+*M&15\1TTJ+U
=IFUWIA+ L%9GOY6D_0$QHRTAWSM# WM+G&3NA!?H'
MXW6YR-5:XJ1G2_3P@Y^3'GE3^CM/5[@5@;?ZYP3RW61VMKO%'BL]8(SY0:^5
M;A#32CREDAJ998%I S)8R2WPOY
ICR-Q&72RPGG3S9-F1I#R)&ZD_S85%^
MQU247N2UI3)FR9-ECP[9(_
3

M=$%1Q86/3

(H4D'H1Y_9+*\43)3(*(3I\]
M-4S]&'A 
!I!^'7 @C!1(%<XEGFS)M=T&LQ48U-$=X2D\'<



M: OJICC=J/D.U/FE 1XWG(F)X)D9KFYH^'L?C^1IR'RB*QD
5)R($&P79]

ZBAIJY@&0P4#9XM .?


58C;)NVM9DH
D6Z%H
7;:)(X#S@SZYZT(=1)L-X'8M
M;^D
FG:[I*/X'MIC]UX1@DQ)FM.1Z$%&IS64)Y#Y@RKG88QTWBD%F[NC3IV
MO]/4\BR;!S3)=HD-]J(WD+Q-G'+P*4(3S(Q. -65J)BP(+




N



MA-DA$HRV'3
\#E


QM8:C;7J&EC8Z%$]H[_N$
M[I[W]_:\O[\W!;;JNZJ1 G7O

M[D;MX5IB\V3T[8EL^/B 3973*74


+D[KJR5YCD803.;Q-+;_D%G(S7T
P@/=F<B'(%CE_-=Z


MT]4W2_SV





MR$;S
L@;/7UC/W*L9DR


ML4*U#Q)XL


!-/!.O,_^E\PG3^:C0JK(C(8AYX$Y$P485[!
M=4!]@8)@NL*)_&$*E*^XI;$.7[=\VV6O%0RG9-CZ(.Z'(]UG4_IVQ/VAYBWQ


\9F1'B
M$I[SARE7T^V;I

M[N68HZNKG;?=J8=M=B9T
7)Z <OBW])F*V=.PO
387^#);Q2W(CA
)

MMQ]\_9ZWO_'KSVGR)U3
WR@PPG4
M3:(2]:.?G:+%<S#F8,&BG5H%&*#U[8'6U;WNMZU@+-ZD@'.J@SL/H?YNX4
MN/]0Q\6&@8_P!G%Y:YW6\K7!&^DONQZ@ERGY/'HTHR&H\Z;HW9ID'1#JKF
M6NB/69B*0B%II.HMQ?7 T%W5J1_?HSR\(A7@K;8]:&EKX7+RF&TUTCF5LWI&
MS9RUFNGT.D;-G-96[8 PQ]B-?,ZF/!EF%]?ZU%#NW:[/=(E0*<B)]43B<I9
MW9





M7W]?YI&+ \)1!WOE2J27=60A[ ^%+*EE 3;FE=&32;)(^-\YN\=MTH* 

0-:.D*]MO!806KL*IW
M.<B]M6![]@IDWP3(B_7+2/2EQ]3R;YQH),O=/X(,@INV!'J#C(E/7+=Q1A'G
MFG!COH@<M2SA7(O:E?T-







MH

D#
MCG-+XWD\HJAE(68(;$P1&SWKBG:!\796F4+
.5A2!_/9Y;5P:J\%);CVEP$%



+5GYWP
MJVU]Q+:0 7B32F!-[DW$Q@0V]S(R(XL_:+\RR:&=P)B15 @]L:C7R? ^GS

?8^8/EF%.)PF3A*.J^C/H15R2C


$
M8T0F)YQ


@JJ.+@VP1&KT.8VB
*]G'!]5-3E;V<]TW:#.#Z
M*H34 LNGW+P&--5:Q^KKX4B[O6W2B/,9E(=P(R#Y6LR*'
* J$]E=DCFFXN

.VC./?EMM(#JNQJQ-V)?(['O*)9\=5^R7H1Q_TA

MPL0B-X[Q3G=F44

M[S*N=+
T


#(*?&#59_4\7XTA




MM1==$F/V@&E[0HQ*F6TJ(]JB/B+M:$GMC?TX=
+%^1Z0_IMD@^5;P?LW]HL\<S*Y' N'6BX<0*8W<%ILY)URH2R;_;HY^


M4WX

7KU90

ML\Y/Q*+BR3-:(QS8B&R9*$2F$/(()B!LZ^8K *%SNA_?(S J)3YQ#I[]DR

4SC!DYE;
M2P]Y#;=B0 -*#




M(

.3&:182T;A-BF15
[TV6J)II@P@!XU_5J-3YN1@

)9(



 B_C!PIVDSH1
M.9-(0JC4)8P6


17
E2OEW.QT^9ASH:[4(&
KNU)53GU(V
8D!38#VD.G[*8;AN2RA


M.0T2^B0?8BX;I!QB85
FGIXMD?@B*_!HRNQG:C0R'ZRT '824&@;)GQ(AMH5[Q*8P'
M&53 '7A$0=^E;XODZ\1\)4I%6U!]%2N0U/#[' 
S5DO&B%8T6*8$RK^1VO

Y!OUA$BOV5QNNF65
M18Y\RCVYTH;4((DUP


M#9O]3KO9'+9ZW=%WLEO')/ \9QFQ#_(/E;NH^T9Y?4U6J-$I;36W?7T
'V%K


M@L'
]AS
:HM/$ Q0253B4

F7%6T6:MQO!HRH\V


B

MX
DOE&TS4DAG@;*88CD'17Q
B?&H#) C



CL


M#*Z)YDZ&YZS

M8JDT:O:F[EY%.86(R[E$\/D_P%
)ODKBO\




J'9/:?*X=**L


ML&$$]37-^G:/GTN'@CRI


_RQLD';X[C\YEOV?
^C4 (K3:#5Q_


M%X#CSNB!-REZU


MZX2@Y)UIP+NXN=0[$90E*?QB1S.678S\KHR?6YY/DSB@\2B-G]/30-XO7IS@


MX7=68&^@K.[8.*33$T5?@?I)50X0KT1]M&WK9[#@0/ARL6YK$6L/7N'*EL=Y
M48Z$_LMZQ(+/ NX18[RW

S6BR%D73R/_




4$HYL#*-Z=OPI=






1JV'4O5VI0@P9!0

8MJ&RJ_/TQ


*N620-QP0-E($GPX-A=
%PLGB\AYRH$)
JXZ(7=C?S[+]\G

.RTC#\.-O3?P:6QN2L+[#
5UXP^?JW__ZOOZ1W8 X






M\HCS

\+#$AJ/&
/]+6K1XAL#J7L47=E=S1+VQG8/9T^








!5-R)EXQ9QZ=YJ.:OU_BF4([$M5_#*=)CTU9#I+
M5M_1?M




MX<WM=;<S:/5&
M1S_/WP+19<\C??IBY;P\(Z+%J;@7<VQX4;U3?3YE.8(\77&0CXL\!EXYIQ@
M&D&6P=9BYDU


MF58[#*33@4'] _]ZMG[!2S^+5@&V]?//U[)XEG#Y)BST=?@ _*.*0\19UO'

Q34


/:?R?3










M5KFPXP%VI8BN#!-2;Y4







OT4SIKF^/5@Q=D*


M%

M*\


FAHYK#VWM






SW]F' ZWJE








M(:@('7N

MW?LYV%L[M*@N37
26'0T0AHD:W]&40F0$^:M& TJFN++X5%I)Y@JKJTVN=IQ

M3Y^L8#NX$0B%!

MIV4@8\ZQB]X%+8.G?W[L!KOP#L(4J=&X4T

8N:K(&6.W=\5S'X&V'HX ][B!4S^
M-Q@^[T/HHA$VN<[F+YHQ@M)6#&-'H]]&_]61L



B8VH'-OZFXK*&J?
)8V/
*Y)TCR1%-7AX3U.^0):2NA;47$]PN
MC79X1=Q@&Y

7^^
M7?K288_TA2W%P*S20/*1;Q
4$I1.\7YF0%/*_GT:=#7LY(C.PJ8Y'<




MLT C$L.:
VZ!(
-8DFB5;!^XEJ.8'

M



M2*^OP27L!K
'F@G)D2T_#R3W\4 #+A_I_;]5$*TN..%Y4D+)@2\D]A30%'GX

K2A85M0
=T&E@
M!5=7F!/FW.EVCA\44@ZL@]:Z:!


YU:)]1J5:']EAYCI?R)_7]9L%'T'^/+#UA\V*U94
M2 3L35H[__%%\*URR9(S[::(.(1.T(I(Y!:'6'/.O+

M#IX5#U@].]F.BLG9=?KXJ2T/8)[Z3BRPE1LYX1C92P8;:KK!-^S-
(\&J/1N
M&P4IH]3W/CG

R05*[L)
MA5W-#SG])\R;J?  VL
6)7'STCK\P"\_:4X;HJIH!WJF=RK'3QL+,^.W)
M=
[VVPQ1]JGG')YS7:GM

&!;
MP
#!1KZ:&J+=EEP^4;-MYW(+@]R9/*-&NP[E' 9IOPL\]]U+


M-V2QE

MBV7TR8'0%G4(\DBW,TH1K1AGP[CNO9=APL=USK1\M:ZOH9VN\WH8JI_/-
MET92T+AU#/B$



MN4E-Y2:O3#FC1AU6(_EH6KRY&WP^?1HDQ&(]^FS2H7
;0ZD37'*;727WNJQ#
M9C.KX'J'-J^4=!PC@4]Q\%]*Q::4FHU[MBUY1L#E@L(7.QR3J0HAN[CQFC



*Q
M+SVZ)A:I0Y_BNQ[M%H9;UY_O+N776T!K%^

MUBW#XJ$U=H:=0 K?38EU)W!L2-P4F:P28,65S&)EW;#)KZ
Y?8Q6@4WNH

\LAI@:[7PM)]( J^9F:!)UT
M;IMZ&W+VG#0)@\TQ)#C1B[CQMS]T9B!51GBM*[K%5_WJ @F]3UP'$X_/#AAW





M:5J9@''+1#L716:'[XZ3Q0)S_1)@9@C6;KRD-VZS:AJO:-^2IV^
RN5ZGKEF



0N4'W41Y??;+
M
L[NP20_V\M0])\OX\_U+

M:]PCONVF[YE'!Z*DR['WGMT
Q
&TOKRJJQO3^/[CV_B&$U]%T[BMGMRITX&X




MXM/7T]AG6RV[]X'R2^%$?_'-]_//JZ6KOU;]



GCD&NJ1



M!KT;=E[;1^*\'6J==R3HA5EG5DMP(765Z^3F%_[^7)Q]\E:\ BVS0F_WK[

MF\!V0V+#IG3+U]H)^\-5-_-^$16!]\O/OMFQ\[3NH&#X[.P
GC$DH23DE!*)

&




]L?]8
ME8V_8]4O_K.I%XLM.^ZNIH7!7!*#XH81G 7(&PL@I!8P30W$D@84.JCJP[H!


*9U+VV
M:8%SD;-'1M^

MVUPE XU88
*5YH0!0Y4#1E !)


2.X\A2@XK^'Q--T#N7Z6VY1S[S92ZUK/


\?&JF6/I&[U9OC3ML1
M5?C#&;_Q#]T\^6.SS?:Z;!B^T(YXPR,FL(KH@!HIH(7&@#.'3'$4N'&JO3_
M:5Z:_B;O);XZ=\'^WS.]*_?C%=QC*;'4@ 0& 1%( H



M


MQ

W7X6Z/^
M^=:

?1I?XFMUZQM[^
5M-L7-85!'H:/PTA)-/0*24 (B4C1 @BH

M/*63&2*0S@2#J(

M@6!B@* ^*N1(X(@BXJ


=7J?WOT<3'0'&\G/
MDJ3#TC<W)<W_K]?-)DNV3=MB.I%PHA2?$)/Z91-




/=U5I'F


4Q?5]8N^^K(
@C*K$&

ML.D2'
0FF@
V0
0(MI;[;#LL(7F\9.-!FU=Q#HVL)77?:UM]UT5GFE';)0%
MYL$!E;#&2- @
XHX:PV4H[]_L5XP-9!K*

8=0Z275L[H/W5^M$-]7%0P?L?T'




IR(./K




Q0
M&N\E5-&4%SX%*!'@-': .885E=Y0<<1DO3=$MJC'^?YPIG(4P@*!$=)7-48


MZ_F.F*L6[0MO&:4!2ZL,  188&GZ4_MJ;8!8Z:)(Y07'0C/YT7#
S')A
MYJ-?+)O2+N]S*A^

ZKMU!
M=

.? E+H$$&4O1 =HQ
Z!I99MJ.P

HX^]B.M'C#1EW#R69Z/
M\\U$J-X7R&RQ8;1I7F!A$-QR222:Q4)



M6MVGL(X ^=W.F9\?+K1DRAA)@41( BF]!0P1#B0)SB#J92!=\AOFAL%^
[5Y


!0J+FD':.1QX/6_C?0FK'&IJ9WU


QG5:HHA4 Y38HQQ48MZ09I%




@$J2#G^8!T92!3CR1JTO!K1+

\#D8I!09%P45;3 )FH43(H&B1


M1=3%I8TK*984$









M*H D8AHJ#7MD/_XJ
9Y7_CH16KY@H&O&F_+M=CB[W._GI'*32[K9EG^[_KS


MLVTA
/+1S+11N@2E' (!2*BB0FGB%ATT1\%V4)GS1(-D M
0PCQ83TZA Y'G
M_]1E55=GWQ*;JW+Q.4&]7M

MW*V5\0A#Q83I8$+E27N6:27I38*Y

M@@;
 F$20)\RVB@J07!1Q;.&:ANLX]QW.

[A(LVG-3WP);ZJ?RQEL




:/F)S8**W&;RRHU2IZ<E<GA5*I1)N/[S + B#($0@L

M8W?CPFID%7$NVC1Q?
JQ!QBY:-U(3X6QP0;?P=]ZU)B7WA$UA#2/MER]T\T7

M'FMEBOOV.[U





ML9%C:J
51^.?)' F(5)4CSXMT:'0^?FT841BS@7I^S.;5NOQ
T\7$D)G3(J:



-(\#&(PY1Q9I$?I)ACD


-C


M/?$I8WNIBJT:%^AD)NGIE*/3LQF&4ZHXX5$)XH(S1A3M)[OGZ.=^
($=)R/(
XR!M35\[D=.7NHEK/OI7+35E=#^ZKF
;U
M5
SP3



E

M ''4Z0+U E!&)&!:!


M-I-B





RA&


M1QPP6AJI
*'
=CC[SK-C]3K+&Q#4NQAS ^G1JGDXG-IT4T@I#1@X #!0Q9

M^?




(
+L_TFR'
MI/O'Z==8@ ![ #TG.362 :XX\A!32+J9QIOM! ^H^'85U-CLBBEYOD%!





4^B?EVVD1
M&CD\R)^G\;GLL5NPWKZ30CDNN1$
!&4UH
PKX*P10!-$$98NZA5'3*S09L8F


OI+
M/2
*2,#*F<
M0YP1[W@ G@8+&-:8,.,I[V)WLC_=.MA=OF/WO2SKB[B ]W\'SV/5-@@'&7I





MK*QT%56Y^8_B&B
C=LL-CW$1^NB^\;@(2UM;W8S@IO




*43$\4G_(3.
&*


L:T8/5ULR]SWSRDWAW5HYJYMS/P_1CE@UZ;ST

4!1G8MF5($W.'G.P?N9_=_

M7_^_GW_^/_K#VY]L/MO=9:OM3V:=I=ML_M
?B^V7G_YCGFU^_^EFG=_]]!_Y
M^O?%M_3GG^\'_;3_PW*Q^OU?BG]\3C?93]\WBW_9S+YD=^G;?)9N]^_^LMU^

M
$P*?_D_O[[]N(?DY\5JLTU7L^PO_^M__/33/7+K?)E]R&Y^*O[]CP]OGDSR







9OEJ_G;

M^6Z9!1
I7]T6:!4_O6#9C288;M6_ID$M#L9=MNF!@H:3]4U-
X7EY9.]KN
0


U?\_S^1^+Y3)\4V]6VW1U



)F
4M76S6;Y;M];/5]OEPT25RZ


M7QH?G7[U\O'U\_?K1=A-P^N*A+TJSZJYMZ3?MXQ!?VO/86\OB$_UAVR3K;^%

M!#3RF^T?Z3KKWV8[-W-\.AOZJ%K
U2

LA5&

DWOR]W/


M]QMIP_7NGTT4M-P@YRU5W!KO



M08G!\\
2_[':?
UFP23+YO;)^7J

WNPP._/M%?C[']Z9
!
M(4F%




*CT94G;NP;8M'D_

MK/  *N 9=H1YZD4XDTM4
+$QO9Q'(Y_]LO:%

2(Q ;R

L7\8H\J8$)9P8
B+2DTG];_<ZY;_E



M^01;\./DK?9;;J\OQSBA&YWY*F$
M
E3(WO9Y\)W_/UUE#%]B11Q/$D LF













=4YSCMH'S4:L(6R
?H
:PHO@



V+ZTZ+A(#S)DV/;TD4P\8*+@#SE )E$ +5QQH@;1]*&RFE


80L:J%LLT^;U7X%.Z.AEW[F#:Q1#*% O'(&D&0Y R+

MSTRXUP2JM/_6J=0MWI4$
T@+)3FRB#I@/*H^HZQ,Q/JU!I;,J,.Z*P!D4A

M41T4]XJ6.

M&[.V:\3U

M*)HX=,LCFD%PW^T9(!DF9

M!X3B8
\Y@7'X9U&%=UBI-? JN[8V1K\^XGH9/+&^\6 E%*G[SVL^](]/81DU
M*D/MV$1Z:J$VE$&#26*LY+FCGI$)R86J?/MLI#WQ.+#;%JFN/AMJQ61:



^I6DXM: #
M:U[H@!WQB


L]
R

:VR;:@
=
M&57#]W; =
Y[?W2:':WZR-=ET8?ZO-FNT]FQ1+J.
R; 0





M

MLO7=Q:P/8Q(BL;

M9PCEVA(CI*
4


3 @6

$%(4
M 0 



MM$-%





M@.T$

S<+VF*]K3_X7
MSR;4T:#;&JXH-)BSAPM-TW#^93:H/7(G[Q?5$9L!=+D1MVC-^F:=/
E_*+H



LV5X$BYDC<6@O:
M/TX_H2D(_E#@7^.'\7Z=?\W6VQ_OEVE Y%YK^WI?WA#E0SCY_D0*+(6'A?F
ML\9%](.6VMBVT=BQVFO- 7![POL:Q3TYUD1^\^\Z'KX]SR?_[%XJ&H:7*6I

^_5'
$4:%GZQW
AT)DR#L/T 8:Y0@TBKE8&5)<-X^N6OXGNX!M G<02
L+T_WS8H5IYJ0*5E
SOZ90WT]0'V- FZSFRR</O-/Z?='OXPDX
=?


MI1'JD#OH


2KVVPU6XSZZKV#*5T6/W^?;XN=)5VZFYML
MMGUW\S:\[W82[6*+EKM/EEU)]ID-X/2@Q '*H&($4. DI4!S$LYO2)G'VE'0
MZ/..1&E=0]CC Q)+)!1$*L4@Q\(3:L


]/1?TCT+9;
M9^]N'G[\HTY+:#Q)$NQ'#21%G!G!.' 0*5RB(*6;;&?/OK6'H1 ;1VX.BZ\_
M3$Z/2JQFB&H( W!

7A](L^D
_[1B9J

MU(Y3U)R@I8$#K]6


Q 1




V


KOV52BM


M]B


X?-+EX;:1


8RIC)P-LO?#P)
A]KX FG1=
MUY&6RS7NC!
#UYY52?H^
MIB<B/=E-'W=A.UWD:Y/^GKU?Y_/=;+MYLYK]]7Q2P?E10. :F





M);^J(^P]_;!FF FN(#,*.D58T:4W9(8TV9680]XIUWP6 
/]I#J553%]JC


M3Q103BJ*K&

M3#&KSSH[






@1(Y#[4F-6).C


QZ4NVQ$X\%M^1;XV[@+1#Z75*Q1/^*D(PE@J

QDY%&@Q


6_$*1=;VY7GR8
))(&8Y;







M.

F2-LS@!'
NVC+G*(^[P1%MJTXW7XK86?B7^Z_=XENZW$?3MB9=

PJR BFE6L* ]%^ QE

M

+ !TVIG1A2T]]H/

&\Z[YN=
)Q@$@#)P76&A.KB*DT;??X^MM+

MUVR]_?%^F0:*5_-*?E:&,CG-_=SPQ($M.$:4JYIQ)9)9DM*34MK^B=V!M
MK[.YV

HARIH/4#M'8(#ZWN=96
P


MZAA8 ^S

0


R.R

500H$Y-!XJ@$F5DZ:#*=N:



M%7868J$AJ$=?N(TF#^P1ZY/AQ0$8^$]2Z;O\3D_*EP?$SB-/=%DKT#4@J.

F3C
P= +/.

$^L?XN-(MB_\
M'


M6#GNN( 64.D\JQQPMDL2PV A[
'%H#^XXA8Y[Z&H+9)[]FBH)-8L.51)H*

QHHCTP





Q!#;FZ.RJ


MEVZ?-Q=84:1UAN]!:
0






?




M.IB

M+6IZU6R[^':?3UO?*_;RR9*B[.5S@+& :0.8$DJ^0_Z=H?T]XB&=UM#87\

&'AY*N
;2$2ZPI\(33ZC7NOJJ!)]@Y^ A6?7R@J%V.
7B
MMLV^KL
NN6\$$OZ\S/9
6

9=11:[WU (9R1


YLLHPETZW3QM;G;.I7%T0&(8*Y*G&3?*


6


.#F'
*JJK$YWV.(XG
M

M.9@7:#I2-@# XY]]APNVH_IBYM56IV&YR9,9%!(! +26(-I ,5;41DZ@OKV
MF]Q@GJ3IB-\  (\G?B_Z\5\H;4?&)\1K!PUU%B$K!0M@(UAIXQ.\++UZ0A7
4.



MDR:]VX1O+2@$A09P7W!X^




Y
E6'
B844:,\4$!RF$18&I?PABS85C/
M[L+^\(HE11^RKX?]\[X&ZE.VOMM7+:SFA_!+(Y7XDFF20+D/)[044BD2/BJC
M&0I(.,@
H$C5^
R[(7=+VX
'0S)






793:MX8E8

NJI
12P\2RE

*'8!H+


5\;7:YU&2C1W :]7J7D I$8


M%

M7&KGA)2




MH.82B(8C$PR]%EA(H3U0@A


M5?R*P
-[+]+R&PU.@






ML^TCA(/UPQINAQD

%$]P^?

79_ELPC&$@ AOA*7((DE(%8OE3I
.E47@


2


.LQ5UY2B72T%C

M $19[!6LG#M\_9I.O :JBF&QFL4&6HJ'TE0[IRV#C.AB:2$R2K[T%ZV%YU


A;C=;I9S[@^O[Y!$(!






&??;%(=.GG
MUYBOC?KY709*M#KB7KNWD4:TM9BH3D3D..24DCI$Y=8S^_QGQKW
:M'4JO


M




MIO@_6F:MR??RX412J+!WW%@E&(**:UB)M'3&7XGUWYY;STV!OB!Z+0(P;8-_
(S
M97T)EP\/)UPS9!5R2%/MM?(0VC(Z90-P[;_JP6SZ8;C<#H\1N&PNX?+AX401
M$91<3;E7W#%D]
O%0$XIJXV*I?;X1&Q8'R=I9O
9O?_?K-ZF03Y(=@;/E__


GWG *C91:&J^P%00)7/E&$)V@D TF&2]=2)'1


M\D
E9]DBXZG0[N\VK=-_6DR9
*
-Y%1SZZE30#AK*H0@A^V[%0[693NJQC
\



@


M4@8KBB3NT,[SXF_WTL8HC9EQOC'*90C\1JC6&:L9- BA0GUE$A&'P ALD
_


MRTG4#:1UNEY;17


2U%BY:QH
MOXG%O(OB4H&;#J!QO ^/+^9\YD


TZ



M/-0[PS(.LW]+[^HW\U-#$HFHU8(SJ2&5TBB@B2XII![@:1_K75AVEON=$7J-




'^+Y;]]HU^]Z'6A])H?!(.+B*DX
H9IBWPX1 3







M% 4D-4Z
ZIDDD




UURO6

M=ZO'F2WPC$PTG:+H:DR]I4'5 4;Z@G!1^?RT!NU])Y%J(][VW.&@-ZC&$9;R
M:J%BQ?M0^/Q]4+++]+;YATOSDV2. ,)P,'678.@L)A92L4I!&3+\+H6V!Z

V/)RCZ'**B[8- $H.!6;T017RI'VVUVW:<7;USL -8Z8
M_&.5WA7W$/XSG$;K[&ZQNVLL(^')B!\%0Y1:PR503_6Q#ZXNRUR[0/;@UVN
M-:QH=(9H=*&PB\W^2K@V4E&.32 /.'J**72( XR9QE7H&C8OD'B8)=E11.+
MEAC%DXN;;!WL8;]8I:M99O+-=E-WO]7),8GFD J(K%4T:]
(*$J3SF#M+U.
M

6ZSXC N6%)P =X3:4I&AT3XJ@W
ME48L
&XO!8/=
]6W%/0(SX

M[


:N:Q 7;H?.:^'\M


M9H1YI!6K:& *M&?PP(U+^S_8VV(RW;3IL.L%VY1C!



;M-T$G%+L#'4:N4HN$CJ.Q&
M@IB9:*E]=R;5=Y]LA\QKX?LDM:LQV3U:9F*$9J/:P$ VHQ 8!IQT%.$*1LO8
MA$K_^V!@JV:CET$42SS:=K$0@6=A0JGK8..282
+:FAHL




M*[?X./N2S7?+ 


F
MPAF#QKK:BF/]QH*U1 7!18

ME13]N)ZU

0QV[ZQWL#U%)V8V\CI?!DRU^EBM!H4WA@@
M*)$(A8

M)R1GCDI?TB.1\%&K:KHZG!OSIN;RI





5B/F_5-

MJ;KPS\



MXNZP+YS[NQ/SBN#FKA;;H)3?=YOK/ZY:W+EZ]?D
0Q!(+BCP3@*NY]59*&


M' NBMT* )%



7/

M//5LQ@
FEI+?Y[MWZ^O-77ZUV6[5C\5R56[WGS=/0OS?-JN@@&W9ZN!:?=GN

/M

))M;Y$(9U1#

2FTT?PH*X/:







(J
LZL0%%=^@.TV=;!F1(6.- TA7:N

:\8 4=K68@*?T#69_@!O1L4@7I3J






MJ/11
(K% +W?+M?Y=JNN_[-?;A_@/V\UGAB1.1\$$@I#YZ2SFDKZX 09JA_
M4;3NO?MFMQG'P6A.#I3_6.3-A5P:QV;4((@1*:OT2V@MH]A6)[XXU1#-*-I


M:_J3=B7RYTMC[Z__\;&9C0/OMMM]-_T_C

M#TX\&JQ_Y
7V4

M'Q7-1(AQ$8IWSRG
]6'YLOLBL/=C7BPW-T]G_R#4OX)FSE^ ZO*B#(0]47&
M( 4
2HL0 +699-R (BW=PT2S\&52N&;-A&VYNS0


MWBBC$1
(05 E.@HH!Q11%!=
GI%1FY51=06^NEB56:Q6^8V^=XOK;S\_VY5=

ECD@@T( \ZPN)DXX'SDPD:.\O='M!)IFESBGG;%EA 4A7'\FKG^%YSA
MA41!)\&IOZ=P8.:G_+J4\5!3:;?YN4[\Y?AY(@


;5D=U0=3%)(
MO+*UL6QH?\L )1XOG!:H@5^]WQ2W^7+W\T3.?_:O#LDTY:P\H]%:4.L,)1&

H_ZG++YR#\VFYL_EZN56M^\6P?+].ORRRI7VVV^
!XVA@,AX_-K%@C&76GI'@<?ZM&L%W?%/&,31*
M:4.D5I(RREC5'T^:X/*3M&\33J+Y]NP:$=&_F38/PQKN(EXBP6;*+MMO=YN[
MO/B4KPZF\/;;\OOI*XXM1F5$8P0H9,0Q**GS@I3B/<A)K1QP1C^5AS:9)I_G
MBHV&6@++SE/_R?WU/7R8^?M@UGW^,U_]R'\+-MZWGB94BQ=G3!M$F+*.4N5
M=

M -C_0'JRA*.$F-8/Q(0)%G[^7!BYQLS 2CE7DI'D\+XR!+X!$?R_F VX23

*9+

M6'AV7(Z%9S




:LKM_SR*RGPD\UC!T!I6B)7@]3;*Z7_?2Y





6&8

MP$X%  37,T=236@
]49L&(^MA

MPOZE

M&B).:-2UNIW:QSM^'XY';#VW4&[8L#!$A@DB ;:*N^MJ22P%B78=6J0'D[H
MM

L15Y7*B:BEVT&98Q)(.H
O@V' @%O/ :UDM3\'#26[FG4/@(T
0FP;^+

M#KAF/MD-@BEH


M5+ #CT$Z);%V*H6
R0;!VB=2MGE1AI0S-OBO @1+&&#O+*H1D8(GDU\YK;I/

M- 9HEYEYAYV6VGEA#&







M7\]L5+02V)+^46RV/0WHP]!


R+($Q2&&
..;8F!IW

#S=IZUN&M*ZNF%R
M&6E=B#JI@L--7?^',+2XRJ/!5'K+JK 7E\]#T4ED;2N:]

@08QQ)BPBWP


!$Z((P/4';(E
O*SS

MF9:D
WR)!'LK.=




S
M,XH^!V0@

#*3CC'$F(+6

M

M285%Q[%NW-=.:\_[)=WBP7Q;)%




M4
;/Q?HZU_<VO\V+(K\IP2FCQ W68MM79%9A*BTUF&(


MXSCQ+MWC*_'Y!C

MMQ4JU@[HGS.9C3I4O8W;S

ME%W$$1..(5\A K5*T-.9\JQQ8OCFVJ6V+^7JL&6]
CK#7@J#G WN()!
.D%


MS]?;'CQK\]:

M0FY\K]L?S7



;7[7634.#LVZ8Q-+QL 9G0@*G+9=0&.F
5%YZ


)2Z@A0&GD7/



[Y
M\9G1T@H
O8=22,#I+26/?S__EFD^U1\Q%H5C3V-AZ;UZ9+-MF!=N,$V6(
MH, &NZ25C/:WXB=+)-G/N*
@V'L[







A]C)HVT5JMK=(FNF%RF8?D0'%$B(8:


M5\]#49FMDL#[?-?A
.U85E8[2A@C'-N38$&8EH)2GU


7E8?5K*C +7?O-[MOYKVO#LB0XJZL
MH,]HT*4Y508KZ230;8WO2^M$#G=ET_X\B+')=='\8D'&(!!28*\X)9PZ


&


MBA&%3^.A-ULJZ1-INN21/AF628LM]XY!ZJE#9=]M66/JN.KOY


%^
M*+U-1EQ0IFA\(EQ:IJAQG@9T)-?.


+F




\K!J&5TH\JCJ:#DO0&_F7
@ZI(A2:Q7
MQ$$EE*SPY$ GE.(Y#_^FPS(E;AZ2F=7-_^X?

=(D,<#L:#IZI

MS+[A;+W%Z*QL$BRD L&9P=HB0SE#%5@.PIC9U*U.VJ=CPXOX_-C@Q3N;.05(



Z
R@!1BC%'C(=0.*QS$K.0T3B=8I7M*+HR'


M%EH=L)):(L4\))6




MSCV6!/2_DQ _9#'A:M4=J7A5'AYY?H8#3Q_+N

DJ22A%

M9I?F'V[-YJY

YIB3TPG#!N*(8/D397YLO9
M7D4QQDXJ.J4N??_3W[3.





Q\7]^6?



'


['ICCQ303DJES\6R[/USQX?R@P6





L&





M0*=MH/1D28SLO7[ _DW=\1!.TI*Z8
:^E7Q3[RA I2W^2TGG(G326GY31J


M:.)Y3?4!&$33Y^*O=OI\^ER&I2%&
8N09%(KS!FI31'@7/\+&M
EJ(VASP$8
MQ+.^QZRF@IE$@)35'2$C(/@]E
.:L]3$[.&;L&DU%GZ74DP#4VD-5Q(2GWX
M !DM=/ 
2!I&UXC:*NYJD8_B-X* 9*TSI+0^TSZ?BP(HKM44SD^G',&0!


RC3R76G)C%5=AL93*UZ%L2C5*

?HK*SVA^

FK^+L\QG1







MB[;UA=H


M.


%

66=I8@([ 'C-6ID0
^S
M:$6@(IJ!(R 8+T'V


H.

TN

M@M5

9\^RG_D:_W^8&:[_-S9U6O/9YQ@R'CI43:
M!TL%NO(0[B@9AS;%9K23QGR'8Q3OQ/)[$5R3@^#AGU?Y00'K&W57XO+?IJS6
M-L


 YHB)#EB1E2KF
+ ]+^[.EF:VZ3J[H5*G$R5YW)'RE#9

MZC:S./Y)L.O\^6/4AUSY]-4,WJ_V1VNY)17MIY,[ZI%3DW;5V28 8V\T=1
MX83QW!U;(@B /,M7


Y-E
^ ODV3#KJ= 2(H0],@Q8RUD%
M)4F)J-Z'K!
1(!6N3;=T+O
S HM#$%R$ ]QPA$?R7HXS6 7$IAR[]]-8Z
MQ:(?2F^3$6D?R
Q
A$O+M6$8:



(K+3Z26I5R3TSO_
MF8P



SS#GFIOP 3-'!2]3ZX#2Y5UYJ\+W
MC9)(%?I)D(
0A\)0!QVU3P]J?$L&); 

M82MY9!0[6 H)+* A2UQU#;FK
3&I2#$4K)2ZQ.H
UF';Z/77&XV_1IN?UC


5 )A(1H0AVF-=R:,POBBOK;5N&@YXNV%R&=YYV!$UPPH[
M;Y'#CAFF:FP$XF6VAI=ST-1B:7I%[:-OB_;I#?8=V=&9<@9IZ7&6#.&/$%*

^&9I0#8PWP5EK#M6+8 51_8U G?FM@
M/(4V
F44W'X%QER*X9$(468*0SVI:_P^WS4'HUY[/C-



M#D6GH/.99:0U@9

ME-
#W
MS\T!SGQ\/=Z6::BLA+1L'N2T-EA)=8AF0V%I^--6






 Q


MIU__@UUN2]\E-*\4+1_2R:1$0I9(PP&EI1.FC(5#BZLF&E;BJ-I^?FB,CF





M8FFZ



*T//N;2I
G&GH-1RU:

MIF'PPSW%!G/@@4*$(G.4UB
/$BS_


M &3
TK]G(QW3JOMDY&

2Z88-9RHZ%R817 LMIRRUQ+F7949#(6
M=&/;B
C^S;P*GR2C))=


QUVEQ4WD5!R0C6@6'+O@@N)=?V]06EB7M9)


Y Y;A2U@

]%7%Y];E
 .:L1IPIAQ$Q6G(-CW

M@.YF//F3#H:

M[BI;F=G^I0)'_[K'L_?'Q22NSJ\VVZT/F#S4YM\'A_?#]V-=_JW.;S=%_@0B


FTE^-:





A^I.UE.C\Y(

M5M+N]3N6#2
8<X+MB_0,1:(209I!@8P(PK,U4\KP#A
M7L?,H^MYZ24:)=IEXW;\S)CFJHLKA&V?0M$V.N#J


=HRW]O;!ZE





M




17YK0 C/8O C'?


MPR/G@C%]WYEA8A GW$$&;-CW'4!ED8 'C*26_9M33G;!;D:*QH(YVNI:;@3O
MMMM]?F/W!V



MDMY:(&6][_H!-XSA6SHBFQ34Y(T9=7V=K\IV)#^/-)NS'6.F^+DL;%$D?*E.



MNC;.*(I9TR$MZ[
O1%'5W/BA/WDJ$Y !3ITES $KO.?ZV#8RR.$E5VG;C#WT

^JN=/I\^EQU.'RATA <;DE(5; 56^R4<Q*S\'U.?
M S(=T%NC)9/P#'F

!*)C

 .PD
M-H #Y&$M4UE:

0PJ9A )2


MOSJ3.-0\*!-44^VY(M*&;0
#HA^ZH0




NG/CX1+M&IYQ9I;QP*7B]!P%'!0+W'DD&7=69PZMOJI]&I[X9*M$]]

[,J$P* FD0DHE XO!5@;#V57*2I.I23T1
M\0&*181_;XH_\F)[[L;R&4*T&)T%*#T@7@
@P_\WS'%/ZP^ .-:;&*/?()^0
M&.
#E5*D[O'L_/UF_2
/;[HY-#I5U[OEC[*EU
S7 H=?GSVW*(YP-]=X@RUR

& ^RLU\)Y;-41
M1\:@BWE_[.S%Q)B4.7EQ
8AKL3X
\)P081E54:\6



XNFW:SCFS+(
M




MA-OJM'&

C#HD?0C:

MUKJ@


M4DGR-F-C


$LS=UX
MISSH@PS::IZ_OO=9I[Q?-M;#X?
%E.CQF'#/0[(8RZ
4$T@!BEJ!I18=I7

C
M9GF3:BZ*

 9(
WK
MWD]**T



E_


MB$=

MCFEMS2_;W::X.=G_L_4#HA&!&HH%$T %
X$+SAJ)M+=C%L.=S/R'0BN;_Q.1


MC]4FE_SCV&B 2FZIM0HL&




O.(! %P(7\OVW
ZO%]:

!:&1=TH9)Z4&94G 1T DQZU


JP^&J8X
M9\XT
@7J%G6!*)?GKJB

)ZJQDC
M23 K-*!&L@1=?JY[

23T=KT]M]-_X:\C59IH
MS1S'8+UVB@CF&KFH$OG[_
%L?5#NNT
TWB=^?5?M+C#^]$=1!XV
=Q09X@
0
M[WS2YX

MO5SYA&@9$A(D9@J\J%M::W_\M E&\MNI#E8O;E#-& :V2=7F6B6)X!5E&!M
M)=&,:(/AN*MUJ,--TN%V!'VSUD8KKL1I*ATX8'%%AQ&1 -U@WLJ@T4Z)
FT
M=?P@'W78Y#?N&6YW

38Q
C
Q7VQA8BYX;6S4

M9#1)EQ3]ZQ_!S3T69VELWJITA+B/?< .+@ +B[^Y7_^N-];W[*JSLOB7__B





M][?3C];Y:S_8?M;YY7__=GW3^?DN+^HF+;;97_[MOUE63T=5[K-/V9W%_OOO


MWL_MT








MVLGYHWCUI$A;?



^L=RGV_S


U'$E-@*PV?-JV II^R:R\L)JOF?6EAVX]

M]Y/]\.#I^






F'
WDVT<$DJ[PJ_3%]9&;JUFP;6E6'='_<
MA?



APH

C2*
M28\L@X8R^
X0-)M[ITKJ.E1(@Q\O\MWT


M0T]4'BU]205!2'E?9H7&P))Z81P)AZR(




G$A[GG-]=9J1++62$
MZ!$8[0:8D1KO%UFLG##PUI@7Y&E%HUX4^6OC7LI[WI'_6U[D]X?[P0;V?
!.

I%XD#(4J

#--BO:


M2*AN_5G^)E3'V5.5Z) ZGZ\NBOAQGN0CSM@BK;9G5=5D/T%(/0]5WL8#\B




36WPZN%X76HDR9?.H(
MR#*DHEI#2@XJJZK\SN[DI _MWS2/F]@G+!O'!3XE(0E(XKK)=%I&0J$:5H-

12$W\JVOGWXE!GN]$P+N_O\X;MF]$L^SB]\KBA

BU70Q\+73@TAV)A53UTH*WM@/K*VDZXK;LLLWY*Z_&E


M_3;!K$@-S/=%W50'9I&5_:YO'JHLW7TH3O/&G$WLV1XFQ(ZQBV
W#&WJC-6\


;

G.(+9Q*(
\86()LD1T]T)R842_)XQ
M

MEV)UT
3D28$^/F5:ACDQ49I(^SB2UL9%EWJ5^BQ!
VJD3NHZA$B#'Z7N[J:2
M3==OVT'D!\#W@L!I@S



M-

?0R8[/A2&O&O&U:9
MSVR87)=I(9B6(

]S%!29
MX-4*G#[D3;J_SM(Z^W[S[]T9Z7U8#.(_#V
79]$I
@Q@X]QD-) (7V7M0L


M9+9_M?





!OT=E;?3;,L<F/@\Y NO EAY-&8NE[D(]R&
MMN DTK4=C=-R;)QN1Z
-8>:$02)H8F(L?AV GR ^^33&C4HLN7RN_TC!
MC#1),;4.G9&#_DHVOZ3_BGFYFSB [)5TGV 




M/$;Q ?4CL4JPFHR*#&.IBK#'T?S -EO-A


M)!
&&W-=?3%CV? .YP1)[T/(RGS+'#




*]AH_?.*EQ.SJ=$O-F_.2I8$E8;5BB=;[DIEE%_N&\]2Q/C+$
MD(+0]TGB01J#$
')-/2I7+2F8GQ:,TZ'7MR=;KT,RH84N1*QN?B?%J5L]F

M'=)HQ+/2? \6?':T;O+[M

M16\':B:73QTOR:N80(X(5R.
@M3-:*.I1EB'/!KS[L7]1)
LBA]]O'+F0O.B
M_;




GS.:[9]
MUB&[AGU\_M3X HPJ/9%'O=U?1IZ7KLP3 +/H]##)(F!2Q(; LA7)4')A
CX


MR+-C$GJN[7H^;

MFJ9'4 \%F)E9M-?9]J]?RF^_M
ZQ];K/?L'&OG^R3'_%\5?&O@H]EQWY2LA+

M'NC&2!$;Y;Q\:!CAIQZ?&=Y2I%Q^;
O!+A4[@\#:YM_+NLGJ&E5IL:NOK_$0



^DZ9%




Z






$9Y##=PD;W!CYO3I0MS
MYTYR=*U#


TJ\=VR8H1SWF:B7
U$;R.






M=?(C;X8B/W;H1U%





M?#IDECG%S(2%0Z@77
Q(C#QOZ] 5!?SG+EE(


)A+

P


P




Q1;?B3LXA
M+286UM$UZ^C;V
3#SW?N75E/W;%&?R[Q**21AIG=&[Q\=UC'?+(*)EY]X'(-
MK2

/*AVP?$H]9TJ0 R@2








2.X
MU2+)'-]
;)XTL1EY$IP6D-4ANK(Z3)?5F0Z@,B(T;A.A1'TX0UYD6%$5EM(
MOC\TV6X3NQ@0GZ58!'$2A0$,[6EK./#%BM'*VCL+P




'1=Z*$D/@9:=A*(




MI92].!/PJ;&BHCGLEU66D?(^S8M-@*B+(@I]:L.D7:[%3A*
=B//0ZKJ(V;M








M/#M&MB'$DFF

TV!%!N&\9+8S(\N;2J]6$STJ/ -LIYG&L
MJZ


Z:


MICF



'\*^V[)H?3Q^M;(?#UE19^^Z

8

73(:^_LMVJLL/0HFH1L Q*$CHH

H] );=^W)].N&VZ*[ L['/O

M: =H]@0X&Z]
%@52S+71/Z]\RU


&AV%K
M X01A@DD[?]#=]BI0'X8 +%7(^1




MGG+X6)4/6=4\?FQ[5\/J+3PPN=NXD4?#V(E=&P+H1IC0
!R- Q?: B&L9LO+
M!+$


MK=3!/TTP.;;5B0M=WN[%

(FO'<;0HG8C!923N!)&JM FQ*:MIVAG4*68\9XD8B=0A-1+AM^U

NG2;-F+L LD^?MQ$A-A.Y/LTHA!12# X


N.[V&.^:/*BJRG+537
MVXLU@]X5^


H:7B8E'9%;#0*G*K13!LNIJ



MB.


KPD6F:M(;VZ8X)Y


$XY)EV 3Y$Y1
5G.
M1GVF!EP G+A%@$-*:(L(XP =D\T@(!I*7*J8-[PM



BH02NIK
MG94(JSG_W@@T=3/)_ZS3F.CT*:N;*M^VD1E;QV\ B$
?MVMVE$0V2
)6X^%H


&]X63E!TRV6



?[J[+
MXDN[J+SO7F8K=L.UPY/=P-8D;1?D
8@A]%N]QRAT6PB)$[:0W
O;W:KZFT/W.KV]:SR=I]_D7A_36_+\ GQ\JTA)<%/
M6^!Z:H'^I<CC[P?,UG77$!^FAJC[Y.SQKR]U2+]HPN&VFT=2BR&=?*!3J]
M_ GT^[H^L/H83\%L(N1B:K,BHS[R 77]()C[!:**WOD+&ENT3/F?
#X4F_E

M7?=[6@;EW53;W! /6) W'D.C1.0.A.J3VQ'\F\BZ%D;Z'DPAYB_WC[4-+Q
M4+1]ZSN;;]I%Y):!E3N(D:-9[$3&'+5J1S

MMRM1



M9P5.%UOB5]!^RXN292+??$VK[&NY;^EL!=9!(

M^I


K+W?.RV!NW75SC
/1;RPX[?L6N/ZVVH\ '




6DX#S
U6-57!-'@'H4
6O_

M3':RM]V7]:'J2]EUPY[AMDZ _TTLW%FFT?BBH=6UEUBP=(1_TC*C!YT\/VG
M5UOO8O?


%3#'CJ@0

M]PSX]3SYS!!S_

MD-*0V'X8.
?;\&'[6UM$*K49-:R4'_)6G?LIGJ75)INM^6![5,_I(^L@KQH
MTH2NAN#-F[A &XBF3O2EB4XQ6B-(Z_;06U
ZS&[Q#*0E[[9HUG-+; .S=3O

D((3ZC@.H


J3]
M'IB@..JAFT\6%V=:LR#RD&Q$%7F(F]%#K;RO0PGUNE0:[*=BZO?A(:M2MH?9


?N0':5-U!:YUM8[$B^/S39;MK?1[X=1CAR



M18\X;;(O9?7XX8YMG8P_L8
_\GH#O.XA@'A;=:T@^@
:BL1DSA0&P^HW
M0F


T6V+3NAZLRD
QG?0QK?*1F#6

BREX'K:;.T*KLE+;@77R2K_


2

M&A.FX@?JINL^I9OLRZ^M/J(ASA. @A K;O83\93$$4^T1BXU#
P#*;A4
I

].F!UWD.5YSU_19$U4


WR/+%%82..WJ/OQ^8
MN)9W Q#,*MM\RK;I?I_M-H[MQ 'V29$R &!XSID

M=?#-%^YR


I6I55?40F
M)#UZ8LX9CF9B3AW
KB/FU.))J;_?1UO#'NIVR;Y=]8
0EZ8$]'?$P?^V(Z
MTS
[(?6@YX0^6T3ZD 9AX(_&XP1Q/0FFV:3A6+1'964_'K(M$ZR' 9_%7K:I




.!4:;1#ZID\;K*6G%UGV


M3(\Y\Y

L(
NGDG #,N&Y@ .MI6G@(D0B1E G,QU3P 2
M_G#JORQ3JO+?O_/5&0X0#F%$$Q000'%,,#SN7P'H:=E$C!G? )P;3T2)4*A


MI?-H&K@Q078$0! Z$4ZB




8BA[4 ') @1[
'$






MBQ
MIH\Z.#:BBSR\S0BB5MK7H81Z72H-=E.YA73R(V\ZH74VH8ULX+DQ(9'C

*!N



3BW_2_7



M*Z_%2LWT3Z'':AZ*:;(&-GEU^7.5[K+[M/JSAL6N^PTS.:8BNK&/@\#UDA!@
ME

D7BA+
XO[E).Y/3 E#M<Q:A1].'=;6X$1 QM7UU/B



AXE;X+0)X10Y& _BE&$


LWS3^%$NX)R;JCR*Y\?0MXZ/(?%#
<!_
6
MB5PY


8Z--2(
M9Z7YOJQ-15\_V_4\E)# \VD '

PZI$N+)Z7^;J<M!#PY?O)C-\ ^=6(801*[28#LT72$ = 4
M]_$;O.S26?Z,70_;RC&=&:*UKI$O=W[.PYM<O9.^SJ43J]+_)&9+%\:M*^K




2I.8E
M4;J)E$72:+

M'=' QQ!00FD2$]N-41+YH^G8P]ZF837B^
17BT&A$'3)A^7EE%=KXXK4%B

@-=*^#@G4Z]*+9$?M?(DG.)+LMGE?U$UU
MZ


O\S&+
:KY9&]AEL5$[S1U\;HLOKQK&^F^Y_H$





[K0S/R]VE

HR#;NYPW&'F$&#E



C)7U6

M(ZI2]*'4V;MDSTR&[.@I@#ON6 8X) &
8I!$4938N)6V9+2





@#H_V8K$\0FDK




M





M1VQ6D_X8BR+K8?56.1;#R]&H)@3]RUN)Y44_YC!+?P@GB.IYD%L19ZU[$@


M)

EA=B&L-T\/)U2S&
M.^;B?9E(]CR)(H&MAJ98:9RKP[.WPEYM[$G+9?L+W/X^;YY9CWR*$]]Q
:+L

D=M
M?X0H+4.RI IKT@)\*@C4;K5Y*V]SAB?3FRO3K-4O7GO(!I84HTE^W$Z/OB




M\J0$0(!B[D1'5[GL-'$_-\@+#\X)B9DUM$X1


Z9TV9ZCHAWC4&C\O1/I



M\KR#2H2T5 E+8Z.ML)ZEHE7?='E8O[^FTI%=LV\71;Z__EC6W\@O^4\N.OC5








+__!])X*/_

9'O
S/XZT-AQ.*L@Q2.YKT[R



_WA:'AR0)!CZ#B%(0I#QF+$D3/!3$LEK.V7P^'EFV+O/ YO



M'AU4!QVZ]BT.'=H!/(\.




L8,$CJL@HBN[HI]66T^



MJU=^%L7R-+Z4I8 33D@Z;GE@F+'0X!9J&\4J




M639@9^CS%.BYM]@:_*34WSOCJ8KQ




M2F

M]O#=RGX=]'[)87UX6ZNS1;/;7I1JZ+;LJI5

M @D/


M
(@C3!$&P9B IRFV


(Q*S(([Y((VGD&LL!YA5USSK!812;S]*



NC6R;

M+PUGNXW1ZA@GFO17A0_R3=:$%[N-PFKP_Z;;XU2K:AE]@UDC=K ]3L]M*]OC
M6


IMDU7
MFTNYH-]Z0V[GK?:.8KT_I5ROU3OS^5%Z9IXALJ-:609Y7057S?)F:TRH]/VR
M\A_=@J&# 
RGZKKY(;+#SY+J*TIBC.&_1 &%+,L832E248D92D$5(!IYV2




=FL-3BUT[NN]MZ%
MFX?1&X

O!!Q1M
DS2+NASC@\5 H
M@3#4N@]@6E$S-A1U+TOSG
9;'HT-;7]:UU<'[9OR^MB%:8HF*.$B9@R0(6QZG
J3E'?LS#++&1
Q%X[:XC
MFQV
=ZC9/3FK/1IBD-8:N+GLO-8D(

W



'[&N5+G2_^ICK_I48PGU:A_U)K6
MO/Q5NW-%[[-6-,3=WTOXF<^;#-7+O]E&^JNIKX/^JWUAV&G0Y8WQ2H
4HC
M)

T]3;=G5^&C;NJ


M



Z8G5E =%GX1B&

WK02


+3BQE(8DR&F:^


0\RK(0^S'). ]2ZH^EQ'Z@/.IA


MU



+SE+$U*ZET




7'-SUL!3QIRASC0CE\&;B3$\/#+ @B
:?:]S5\=P
M2%8Y_)6V


MS66L6=_
1-R'
M. 11&N*$4) .V1?F  5ZD-)Y\CQ,ZA1YK21=_FCYI(H;5Q89T47)'6LD.0G]
M+#A,+%H*)XRT/\*N0.J_:/W=\4^E^-$;ZNZIOE^_^NZVO_(]YN^5Y:R. [B


JTTQQ3!U4
M(\H

S6(RNKK-94U676;ESN!-A^E  :8)S&F
M/&:)C_OB4)CX$VFC6


S$V.H


ICY44AAXB

Z.-FN


M091F&8



&EJ-2'F5J*E;YKGEP]26?A4O:_%FAV_EE






M^RD
12X['AN2)


M*];U-:#3ZN%











M%



YS]L^Z[(;1FM%P/9Z9N
MS\.T\[;IT

M098Q $(?BMY^1'P.^5!H' =:AQ=/+

]


ML/F=U2/9J:GW%0[G)5VHNZ=DW!FTV35^&8BS'%/E\E6UO!?QN5TN;X]WO (.


 -1RDD:#L5Q%JA?\C:E$
=T'^\F&$^ON_+N1G4:RVTG



^
MS$0E((Y\94I/*

QI#MEWF'7'FJY:\7)Q1KK3IX&9:;XJ #IF2S48W3O7JOJ









SV^T9H8N!7J=0J^3Z'4:K_J$


M5A?T*QG5T:Q*%X
[0IZJ7F[V NQH+;L<AX\U7!=N$:<
M]PA/M7;MJ+_R?=%=C0$.DH 
 Y @

M[JBYKJ0+MT&OJJ?U1%VXZ$U-J?(%M3*SAVZK5S3=_Z6-



'@SM





MFYT

Z@9=V8


MCZ_E^JNWS@\2$'*;6WX


MHL_4C9.98@NOPC(:H


M7-SRRZ'MFNDU+@ZL5VLY+NNZ7K

MLPQ0.XROFNLUUT/LQT(B8BV9GM=?18GR7W*8YWN^E0
\N*'Y?O]+9*G=0$Z:
M$90 &

8AXSS2)[ -YZ\%Z1
5@0_B)O

3NK1[MBF2&E7'B_K=;[U_J/(]]X@T_MS$#KS!2/G
M73L#.$MV+P-JMH*IG+R2YO#JBRR+^N/X\;Z__K O=^OR+M^^V;TK?C:??Q3;

MY]

P/;8BD=:TDA

12FC,,
M:[IOG<3NC'</X[9F7@&/[WEL!\EFU?;JJ&P8ICF8I_BJOEY_;78'+;%^VMR
MJ


M9^2V5F76N7Z)VK)

_)#!006(H%9K

M



MHHLCWW*=**7U\];^
IJ


M:NN


'-K



6CN/LIKW6YC
MXE6&(



DK5] K_.358YORJ6LZJ/J)/UJ_
MT6)EM\GD4%6Q664X$MV;&/(XB&A*6)BQ88*3QBCV=;*HJ67-U1^Y$ZWWO<]W
M_&+E]I9-I];[K=QYAWK3_G3[4\]_QVZ<5TNGYC1=+W%Z//(^9$?2YE[?O&Q\
MP:PS-+1E\S+X9RV:RLW+..M,*KZM#KMF!=,$0\R #T,?<9SZ$0#-@:2;
9I




S%-$RIN_#(DR@77



M3BC/




M!''  @JR($G2. S#!#!&




*1UA[2A4AVS(V_/^A&
MRRU+5;MZ\VX@REU[#WT^AJ*YJFTA/IJG;DNO=1M)WTF

[




M@X9#'-_OY84P2G)#E&4QIADD+


U-5XN;3!JPYS7




 8)!E
M
80T\-

4
A 
A06XS0RQ(Y.$3-2YVKX;
P&H0PMU&:.*_?
D:-LG&OBG%BC
M!AP3+Q?'&Z

M915IC)
OI*K

N[$:/YVO1J<KP*<9?Z9K
W/-+J
G



MFY':]%@5Z^^$9=6N$?9MVR.R.B7C^ B2:Q;CR =1EF8QBD3&.Q::B99%!]L3
MBW*

\M.3P
GAG*YC*

M8.Z@W8S+Z7EN9UP.1) %R
=^P@!(
HX)$D3#88H1RD*

MQI-4C5[LQVL2B]9XDIY#JI_:20&(
YJ)IS








7YO)6$]R\


MY]Q/DY2F I+16+;X9VC JXDE.J96J\[+=QM/OFYF])KJJ1;#9K33C&1'1UN)







$R@CX)N:0S#
Z [<<S:=H:(5






Z^(F2;1F6#3V$7;
MY!1O8M'I$


DJ:F3EEG*Q5?0R0@9IUE((\)1$,.$P;9(
)


8L]'$

J9




\'+L9X%2GCB'#L<Y

M]P;YWJ#?^[.-P)

SZ_:G+_C^LN6C%V;F]QD$%FMQGH^OD$VWFG/6S
MN)MNW$7Z_+4WCMU5[5-PT;PWQ=ORN]P WXAWO93BZKIH:GQ;[9OR'^T7TN_I
ME:LJNT65W9K*54QH$
8X2V*613@5_9XDZ3;WIC1D2&N QK&4Q2WU=6V]6N]D





&.7)$PA'@=Z@\&(W4JK8=N:+
MMNKZ


M%%*4#27B4/.8K GES

ME'+F9XZ4YOTIQ4WECHZ=AO!QY.1D JF8. ^%C@[IH

MR(V7EMCTDHTSY4BC1UJ)DKZSZ63220OIDRF[BC3Z2Z_;?%_E')_5V!?I1B
XA3?#)GV5!HG_]%-, IZE&44$QY!8
S_?$*FL4RSL(NR

PWF19Y-\4M[KD&^+^F/QO=@=

@C8(H Y2%81+['(5#60B&@0[$S$IP3XAQ-MWFIX_2-F86I4





7^



IIJ

Q'(



M^00W54?





M/!'3

\U8\K)O

MJ2@S%=T=!!(


I\S[<!ZI3DGRE$D*=)GD[;*(
RV49RADP1]=
OU]7S9-
ML7M_??VQV
I[DS]7\O2Q]]?#5_O77=FL0!B'*(M  
*
AA2Q3*ZTZ#3$*4M6

^G!^OV\08-A+Z_8;13Z
M=Q?OUJCZMJPO1EWV<]T:O;A5W_.L^-(\=2!!$$:$ACA.


6&$

-@(:

M9*T'.\;/H*4\LZ'8R7=R:L*9[\+(JV5\!V;2*POOBMY[_F%?W.7EIM]7/FSX




IS&V5 D37RFE_%
*
AYJM-I:]OB8A!F
 0QS4W5

M3'


I]#&#(QS2/$*@_



2@?[B+$
M-(D2BK/8SS 
? @#
)(9BG\8HE&W&

M$C_OD!JR3&U='*2

O\CKXOV7;7G3



M4TLO9G!

MS*
X]$
6P3BD&24CV6*HM\':2H%SS1IO2KEH[

;




Z
M_J!=D0:TK84?]&V%AB5/-!4N#+UL2^$DHLK=ZZ?=[7YPO?50'B.(4QXF#*1I

MK:%/S0'

M$0A!FNBL.S)X_QKD9#Q\0WTZE&JY9-GV*\]+RBUGRBLG?+ 





M[:2U++K7*;S ]MNS7BE


^





M*M]^R
O-FUT_G;J**0D)!S1A89AD41 2.):&0I!HK:8T+


9
CN+A6DDK

T9#'SHP2-
M2S3#HMH[!8G&
.#0J]HI?H_98?17J;3J5F=\J&RVI\FME@/52-WK+1VQ-]
M7O:2MX[NG'C)L3
(LVCW
FAF

0HAC$G 6B ')R


M$EG5_/-=CUTZ Z$)EBX#.E

DZQQ!M


])-C3(0449/XHY#K*8^ZOOQ?Y+I7X+L^7B

0N:7?10SKQS4=?/
9^NL8I;Q
M&;L+[]%]SDY]5/W
^?
\K?9-^8]V8]G[ZX?EKGP$:
8( RE+$$VSE$=@*)0AENCA:F)A


/\ZY59RV1F%8+
MDS.
V2K ;NIQK)M[T/QPOF[F3DK.F6N6K5BIKF50UGF4ZOF-15?5#];^KT.Y
M+S9G5/V]*&^^-L4&BV0BORG^6A?7A^W;\KI8Q2#P






M
)FJ4G_]@-=

 C]%(1@L(Q]*#1UTV)M1Y ]O






DMQ:KDZPG(OJDQ([0BWF7^ZM-



*TMO
(B9V(M-
M&LR8UM(.G'




LO$I5LZM
M!D]FTH[AM@8_GJ_=:F)&6'4.5CYE=_S+KUSH=MEUD^#Z

#]_

(/*1

8$:DK0M5
&.[VK-RWFWK_^)95LIMY54D3DX
9^)HZ:[6
M4KQ.S!G9F




M88@&NQ0$4@\]3K=F.!/_N2WJG7

M7/05CC
TZ9G/;M.6+1XG?T][Z%[CJN7

MP)@;N31 -&' &W9-HS1D
JA7*9%X%Y0Y*96L3T[M
M9KYPC@!:L*/Y
VY^D07TW:(G#YW1#8XJ_



MT_!#T X^.'0
7./&B[^R0--EB)?5=R-!M5CKS?@KHOL&F19;%VQ E0.HLC/4

(AD
/$I




L)M /PW): 0FHL^Q*7ZX3!=3.NK0$CDY

M4DN3F%JSMY9;DU]Y.'??RLWZ:Y4UN\62['&W8@E$U



MAV')BIO&)(&0I

P:S55

H%L1E:M*;-S[:\][$.$W(?6\2)Y7^


-?!8H<)

+!HHL\J7L1
MI]B96[NZVPPTR)8HCQ
4RP%FL3JPWD6Y].I#HBL1$D2:[$ZR7HB(DQ*[AJ




MPG6!35+([_+UYZH[=_SRIK-5X/EA$E$O8B[%( 0!P\-=YW%(0ZD905TV#2OX
M'V.MVN!4O&)


ME
)8_ '1*49




M-J!YB[SR+
;BNHIL&ZYZJEX)*IZRFR)JMY'WNX0;(O-LU.ROYI2.A&



 %A0'A]

M
VZ'NNET2'3R296KR4KW6U7N=BOHQ01XU/5B+TCY?[A!E Y&?02$KFK69&HF



MJ&SAZ^O]W7Z3-1O3\OLJORZZYT_R_K4MC@/?E55=_'?6'8
[@7&%$N#*(E
M0..D?HTH
\YONK;7[;6/DJKG.S81/JPG'7A5^X(3[KW RHLH-/SOK(*3EA

M:BCQ9(=*J$$O-;03R2':^O_N=W6C-+NO)5ZOB\96MKG

7V95_?BURGCAT^YVY'')S]ISX#[? 0-





MG!ENIU1'TK3..9[[*'#:4AO3=NB8/G?$1FRJ/ E76=DFJXI\]X_L-M_A[?KS
MS4UQS;7@R8:*F++8YQ)*O(A+*L684&\P32&1*[=T&#2L;$^*!J4]M'IH%2R_

A+9SI9E.UNW0-KTN/2_6]/


MUP1_S:K;O-ZM*
2!CSV2 A2[/N;
DV'\ZWNA+_N@X*)8#2OKB-.Y;3%*/FQE
MTOBC\:\FV!*BGKKWL[@9TC_YIEV^
/D-D!RZY
M$=^KF^:/<)/'PZ\<X_Y4;C^WCS=W;X)^:&\_:[?.M3[DZQ5T,? @=A%CS28*
MBI+$'P!'$1)ZL\XF(9K(+;?;!Z=AWS7S/*T
_I=

M0-

M+Z67#GA



^$'LI6H'GN7M&*XM




0[G5G#D0&5_T^?/?G3_^W;GI0#J[
M :53=%?VULU]WASHO*JC@=DS8C-GW.S0F%D]+I?K)?H5I0&4X^WZ(X_@9OR]
M?+?;LAU#;H80PI!PK_PV )

M AKDY:I[F42N2C4;)K&JU)H(R56A(^SC&]@;Y
Y3Z!?.(8PM_*/?;\)XF?//

M'[YIMLT7O0?ZI7]BX/3I_PS!

MR


DS;]YL^;)/\)J\J+E;9CVYZ^C^SS;Z;3=ILRN\9


D@CVI.6ZC0&:4=]%R
















MI


MPU7$X


M\4!CC?.G/T)HCKGYCAD:CO[R4W
2.UQ2' 4P3GC5#P

M4ISNU/('&'_.;2$_ST8_T1;TLT^*F*#

K_/BH7E











MAGF1#N]?U\B54#)P83J:Z(+3
_6W.M*




(].FPW



ZJR-D1VWUX=YE]F+@^^N&%
[:\RZ.6UU


M
$&A&O:?;/)!F093$PO3XK+


MJ7)L(\V%F!\%VHCUJ?+UR
 S%V/.#T0



;[KE#@Z
?LY//$&\C.F.@469CE;


MD$#JI2P)
4PH8W[(

7T(Z\+
M/]3YW6[E@N8RM32. $Y 2D*2$C+8\CW$5 55W



M!XN0^/[J(:^N2M%YYRF69#K]








M?U2I]?22+E'N+4:^6L6G
0AB)9\


M8]D/-.Q%(/49=3S41A!;[ 7 (!DCLNH6Y'**_('7IY?$'R\OM[?LRYR@9A


1
K/(



MRBHI]U?US7[S$L8XLHWBD%(00A9#DE 8
N8-_3H&$94J2[1:-ER;]%O^G+IT

_OF7&^R



MA+/S]PJ'

0.R33C6CE#@U9=
M#ADN\&JOYMD5[46IY/'HOVBYK7DMQN'QKW8%#T[(-I-],$ ^E&$X]CD$!(




XA 3!
:10@0BX8)=V8+I351WW?(6;QMU55SMFXNGZM*IO^7./?]%

:$!#7R0N$G 2  0\5V
G[5<IPL#U0X+Y6-^'(4EP


W.K5D9.XUBLH'R;B%.E



L


MCHG:1)V9V(A-X

F%44I
MGF=B\21A
I.-TUFWI)@WX-A;DY*ZN%-3Q-YX/\1(2.2%!  ?LP@AD$0T&:=&


41E5TSAR9TX1-G

E9

M6(\Z5
TVP0&7Q%!5E3*!J8$9V)(3G)=$J0SN51F3&
#/P)S:(%V%0;$A^.LN


BTZT95JCNZ%Z3




T$ZNQ0EBD./'^V9BH7ZKJ1[/
/

MQ:;Q;ZNT3?3J3;W3P9K8=-EKIK
;+AA_Y)R=]7_Q'K^*DB#!C/\O\JE+0 Q2





KHJPN<_[/]9?\




M8- +L=2ARPEF#



MV:?G8U8#C(E*7'

M:(1R2O7G+O]\D^[JXBZK\]TJ\%

M1AQ-(T
C'CD)DJ5)3'0

B0G
\_)L4=IGE)T1EL4N;1#353!EUK:D^3P[5M6

%19( I\)#68
M
V#?L/;\GFVSV[P=FEQ6Y4U1[YP/6_XY^8Y_@_^F\\MEE:_S:SX*+RO!QV6





B\XS^Z0V&'?JGV:?2
M9/.5/=_9;/\NJQ?E9QH&








 W]YGZC3PN2@X@P/.P8/FVT]]&!1V[OW9$TD_MV(Q


M8'^P#UQ


D9M0C&./!
M-@JHU.*P'HOSR6%YXXPXG2.@BM(XC6=)69R-8F5)/
6NA?IXCDP1;=02#
MT
3Q/,7V**,XF6?D
MT4!$[-!($XZ5QENS[*TXFQNNS/N*BW3.!_-Y]9 _MQP&<



K)F@8^Q41M7BKE).T5%NVI
M[]XD[HRJZ2/=#DW3Z$]IJGG*+W]_OODCV^0OBD67EX@L3B+/BU% 7(@(&@TF



AWA$UV



0I_ZT&6-K=C%&$2Q2[SFM5:TXT95@WD_RF


M)VUV97KF
43Q!981JK

MSU=D##$W[2$J7%6\T;;E+'D\_
(<Y^

D%H39#NFQ@0BA-YH6B(V4N%U6Q76^
MHC[R0T*@BQ!PFS
807
&HS






M'@



M4[N\
MXE.B N !Z.0Q(A&B+$_)@@%(D 1FBE5Q\\;%U7
-B:L$Q9JUU0R[
MIJ6U06VULHZTZA!6^1B]

O[Q #%D(( BYKD,/8-+/
MXI+8PTCJYG\#YLVK*CEJN(4ZU95(^P:5U6.VFY5'6C5HJK2
7IOJBKOH+*J

C Q-C$R

M:9?;.+(F_'U^1;TUGZL+^W+/]

M^6):7

_O/W)%M/-3;Y8_V26
M^62=7_STUVQ]_=-_7N2K+S]=+HN;G_ZS6'Z9?9W\\LM=HY^V?YC/%E_^(_[C







M@G9;=_G%M_35_X_K\
^MEL

M

UM]M?CF;SM9MQ3CXPJ-*U7ILM'][E_+:_/-!Q3Q\INMO




+Y6[_/E

^CI[K_?EV]O?1PE[WY
MK2@N_IK-YV%


(?PQK
MQ+?#_7OAT9YZDG)LW/ U/4E@BIO;8G'G6E8_WL4'Z'P17
NZ=G+22WN2+KC&



M_D[R[C]!NFVB;S



MLEBKZ;38;

CU;
MA1^%I?KWR?)+'G]MPCOK6MF=?VAX%/3D2[[\_O%ZL[XH_EIT+_SA]P\OL]FL







MAOCEU_;2]X_K0
O[*[/+8BQ
M?M[-FBRX#7Y]6#FW_M_;\(/=\_&]?EQ[CZ7?UOGBXO\8INI_S@O)B^)-E6
MJLO)ZO-6M




.


M/
AYK3T=<*(Z+_F6S,/HB8-<K-$JTPYSZHV(FT)!.A9\37,_
M:^,4Z?QW/4U7WXN3H)GW2

0#2QQWD]?
/GO@$

5EN]K/3W!W][+;:L


MO8
$(*4X8YR6

M!P08ZK@ESF/@

$ 4$VR8:2DK$$CE+JF1:=8GQB(?8,84Y)2JX
M;Y@Q)^




R4=









Q[*1Y$

F4LU@XI8J7!


?7J
M]GHMQ-S6.C

9YJ=W
MD]
KK! 503C/






HTYPL@8
M7N[+($(H^I$:KLC_1%4,[+C?U\4ZT41FI]C' # R#,NB'5$*('OYTS4GJ!

M
?4_P.EO(\TWC@-HAN\QXP TY(!0''P

M

G9GQW2$'ZK&K-=+M


]HA]I]


:F8DZ_AU





$!]A0H+G%
!KU#3YIS*5 R&

M%-_V^OUR-JT3BOQBNPS&4B]:@&?
4Q PSMO'


7\[




$(#V1[GLR.

8\)+;&@!@_J%A^]WE%;;Z1/R%N?N+R6DR;\
M_./D:[R^L!LN[_YZ/?5+HY=DR'FK' QCVS

)<(\
XZMYEO-G^FVCW$8(D*!9E0*JTW2AJ)N+26!P;4<D;/;]M'24H15!@A
MH2@D():GW*$B)%=G=NNP&X*D;OLTP_STMGV(

M;)V_G7W-+]X$Y2VN9E6%!?W]]\E_!7%JY EJ\);



W/O6NCO)0:T
2PFX SM9-,#VS$XS.^% GZ#76(N4UU_G.:+R7)6
MU


IL!0^


MG1:A3U-IVB/'$1E6 _X]7YD3((PA0%AK%&2*N4@Y4#Q7G*L;QL.:1.9S2=
M@LI&L08=87UY.NE0K#S5@$K+&
4$

M%


M2!_:.L4Q\F9QD5^^?H=NL.W.O;W(O
! *&L%UL@+J1 FE1XXHRGQ&/#?A]''





M(]X5ZFFB/89*AG
S F@WLW6
ZEX%



&]L8G
D\_OQ]L8XSYF3N+B_SZ?K=


M6F6(QDY!)3%2@L-2*AY
M_


R
8!PXBA4L4I'1G



+.&

M=G(3I^M%/IX#Q?JRH=HB/13#RA[7RE'W_.&

\0(4 SP30SPA5KM]$AY$X

!CG#
MU




MU/!-&38(24IYF*VE($@0($F)1YAR4\Y@1F@.C8B0K74P-DZ&;^9=L;)Z5Q:&

M(CQ#D)?VAL#!7?J1]_/Z9V=;/8R.GW7V])J_+ 
!926I9L)0(3PFM@S9U()8
6$BF1<B7EY/?V
M^B=G2S6

M




MR:&F6$-.C+'EF9T!W/[8 7FUF?%J/8W.@&^V:*WRZ=^NBJ^_7N2SR#82_Q!)



MXR0*Q.TDRH)MQ0VE!!)9RH$].;-3Y!;ZVY.
LQEV@R7CG'RKEXSSX7.9)LP
M0@V#2D&)O!34E[(H9U.VT
;*@Z9:?)J

P&_H;CP




\LD+(#73]E3T?(
MM@N




B
]\MP[S!GA4E;3+!?NS):;;E2]AS_MH1W)E9YU5$(8



[AJ9Q8QUQ

M(BP$MCJ%(*2:YH*16U


M[VV72*R@D@%(1(Z0@


MAI6T





TSK2?-$MWL-=[=LN$.^6'_/EU]GT4):2EQ[/ /=(&VXD94H+0'#P






:F0]
9 $(:;5U[C

MO/\Q7Z_G6\-PS\I6JWUF/#/QEJN%U'@(B%\]#:UM_K,[NGT0K4^ 1]%0,AV
MU?_10D


M4[=*?NV4K VRIW6NG68AKQ%@$DB.)(





Y^L5N\N/ZZ#



8*$MT(83C%V85R53

XLS;*O9%?J1!.9CQ

X)F%RR3J_UF&X^X1'HI='V(4ZFRZ

1
K$-4*CN%O&]8OU8 O@=%IL0F\_
MY-




_;9*R_8W6

M3K2%SD*N@C59V7_2PI0YIKDE?2H\ZA'AH;CVP$&L91]^'S&J?1A$B4R;GQ:
M[QV5E0\2W,L4]OS94\74 [KGA_TRS
#I
500H$Y-!XJ@$D5WZJU3JF6)
;J


0=4MQS


WGQ5]Q#Z(&91JTSB0B!'K+K.0*


M8(1Q'7V8TJF8CLM52_;1
H -\AP98W# %)8&[&*40 RY;+/N.WIGK8$^D]
MM354+:K%XM/DVWV K;I:YJ\E4J[7
(


S!;YA9LL%V&27*GI='.S
MV5;Z1;=;#K;?TGD4./
08\0-

2BI.RF($?D%V=0SX4T9YC
ML8=8SQ_.C





(%

(*^R4()!Q5LHHN#G77-+M]%R_YE8C5 =C

UMYKA.?@U$DU)2MB' 8

$A@))0FO!@(A



2&VU).E1:M-\)EJA\2)8)Z
M-/+$E(O-B'/7(HN)&2@


M(68G]_/BK]7CCAWG#+CJ3+.SWV?-


MR):R86R28JI'S):&BJUUUML
RM
]5E(9S!IL( )&($RY(J4\%N.47,9C9$FZ7@^<]3;#<[0

03ZK6NYFO!SRR_?I]J?EYFL1W&P^6J

.@JM]SZ@$*R^TM*S


MQ;O+/?2K_8[


MO-@@








6





)P#;9
-%[N[N?N?K
O@463

1C/MTL#SDHM=IGRBA)/18,*NJ]Y(XY7LJN#$F)JJ_Q?TC37T=:.%8<UZP
M'GZ?K&.?O[^[;







T

M@-SK'/NA'8Q=Q8RR[Z98[=]!WM
L
\X*3RQ4AJ-@[3K!4+5[%&MOG&6@]9!D
MZP[\X6E6 5*?8H^;9

)*P9P(S[CF6JAI-3L.4]!WC#6P^

1329+:7EV*5X
M?5W?G\ QG4__@V3#K9*




M(A78G)*4RE#-K[WUSL8.M^MZ1/FX?%-A%V7W\. V=9*:TRT)^TSAY3' OM
M;1&




RL%H


#
MI2V.@[%C

L8L8TY7DG&?E(QA



E
M.
% P5(&[9);T[CLF]3,O0#[%SQF_+8K6ZJ[J]9\9X\%2F6#R#DEHI!W68



$6:$ZI X74

M9D!2H832!&@*M$?!.Z2EM-BPE&O9([1F.]1^T2/


MBF& AV






N%YB0'@


M0]F0ZK\D

M-N


M3H\P#2\G0


KS3*O
MFXRUFP]DB@M/L.6 


80.M=[.Y9_H:9B8-
MB.)HT1K@% S^BT6E1%Z?6X;QCK6\/T]Q
V@'RVG029[B()D VL;LB HA A2E

*4G=N&6C3

$:FI.OV8![:9H@.




NPHAJ5

#G



4
A*](+!







M1 AKO*4

4S
MU3V4ZN@+F2,2D9@Y&B/(=.2N\I*M)R<ZYK6@D#/LC@=0P''/@NZKZZZE:OG

I9D;*TCGG2;$_6\2ACN*T?FW\^7E&'^/'[

ML[_ZPM

 '
M-[''G\*7#^RLOO1XAI5AU !$8+ 
N
.$AVFI1
G9

MEQMD1!@AH?&*:A/^*A1I)3.!]ORO,B2IN #;&F%Z&!;9ODTS*07L:^'-U6?
M/IMY0QW5EG!
88^V#+0EC(Y3\]L2DE5[-.-LT0XAZ+(XYGTP
KS_.'
4-



2V(


PD9
=XSR
*?E
8Z7HDH)?(Z


(($R4
M-]4J3#1/V0X;H0_;@?J[@'&H&23&?T11#TX5CQ_

DQ?H888;O+LW3+O \


/X_]MZTNVTD21?^1W-S7S[F%CU^K\OV<;FG
MS_V$PY)@FU


H1:(0E@+Y&H+Y2\GIG;VC]'4A%MQY)-?O


+7_=)7GDJ(]@&Z:0OD]X]^/CG4%]3
M8A IGL@$JZ'VX8FDHSB


_1^TL;M^OG@8?X
84.OZ*

6HM23DDF:

M$+5^+$
D:
.

D()ZEZF2DK4G&%O6-V42H.Q\A_.S#!_6^;?%C_)/


M=\5FNSG7IO3HF




M@V@'[$2C][ER0H3 C!5




MLVV5VTW/C6OEM4-U+.:DU4+32A!&''9

M1W.!7UE=WS;(/CPY+E
R6EXBE8[8Q7U#H(!J(\Y$4C[&!
.F^[=0?:)[228=
MSI%LL5X7?Y4748MO\6^V/UH2Z]AK

A
M-AFN5_@4G(84@Z!_AR3M35%U'F/M-.$R$0X,KH<.&3^'<EA]OI_!L([.M,
MT!Q+JE@$15:8*S+F)$*1(Z#3LG^OY+SACX(U0^ZUYP:P)$#QS%!EGHD4)30

0[KGU06HK -53R









M820%#81*9EV$3#U!$&$8-\JV*











SX5WYW]W]7




UK\

MVAPE8CM:(: GGWFV_.[+A^-






M1L_@V^Y!O^\_OR!8XV/M/GY1M%P@ V4




L3




;:;[J@H219+1TH#WRIBX\EMG924KMFYF$0E=%=VB D@[0*^S H@@F(&*

HK/


M3@3%:/R/\

OB[N'TFE'_(Y7GLJD
M($3IN#@:+E7$Q0DLJB_GW*1X&A


B

R




'NZ


VX*VN&1\
;PMYN3UK++^S+$4%4
M@C/.$J$(P:B*;518)]565;\D\7I&_*)LK$MKUM7@W.+N+K^U/\+BYNO/S[9E
M9IMW9X I#PAY&@S3R&MJ?+T]
J!3SLKU+\G2 ='O?C1:?FA1?6CQ\
L?'(6R


O'LRXM)91HYD!

MZ^+VK\K 2^6000KY
D


M*F6VN4P\-[0L-F6%ER)9U%&B0BKIY/D(N7H%,_^8+YG=_*I[
!#2=&911%


PX32D'
MBS!S$9/J2DJ'Z ^F\&*V)]K]@CIJO$+)W?P^OWV_?CAG?WD+?BY0X?P;
D8H








M)8+G1H?@5#WC69_SGK8@4#-V=F_)J;)V_^7+]:?_BIZH^OA?1E3##R/ 2F

M/E[*I.(
$RSM






M+'!C60A4[2OI'F1T!

M1E


^1$7D-]'K*M8-.LT]






A=7MU;&E)8R3


3XU1LNUD0QM'V!?9^ I#5;; ,HY(20-6+#*AF5$BG!/Q-<I!+UW#CPM!VJ
MTP\I5
 9#AXASH%K1I$

!*\D]L33.
M&USE_VC
:





8=[KS6JT0]-P]?;87J]
-7 2B+2S3V

4F$^_#+
*; 25<8^Q\X$R1@.B

)8C[D*]%@A(V:)


24P



H

M2AIKL&;

MGTSJ^33)LLV#

005;XJ&FUIX-/(::W;6D=MV/C+_FP4B_)B5&8PT+B0@O&4


8NI8W&[1K#U



SHS
=!
M&&P=P)04(Y[7LDL%/Z%)G=C[1=#(MS.]WD-__QI?C^?V[S94DF5OZAY!![
MPJ'XH^QM_F5Q%U;;Y?;'D?C#5Y[*/$9$8&01Y29HBQ%%-2*$P




MKE\]XST6X]_]ML&6D-1F?:ZX@M






M%0&L*8MVH+Y)5&5EA@2BJO\EZC!:F#);S
L_Z?]DZC!8ND@OCBOMOQ2J^:U.F2Q]^?)AM!UGGEQGC)&@1
44S 1;XR%IRHOY%X
MU^@;K^=:LA=M%?WA.6H 6'J3=*0]HI3ZKTV6A+*34;=Z#GP95$O3;K@-X*







 12K

5 2*GEPL'9F+$G7ZYF@
?,.;^V^[;5ZG6!U;.,Z-R[VF'
P!C3)(0

/RI@NR%^--_[5#


MS8^NYD[)_A1PL8#V)]*TB69_
BS3GGH)06 ./!!NO-4UID&:E$.*YH=;SZ@V

:$:4\L 
:4$F&-*GN@ANAB


E'K[L /**CI0U.6!*<K4\P/A


MZ:RCU]MZ''VA.-::T&1/:*KJ=Z5YW47=_OCIX1.K2 ]OSP1%U%'!E&)!(Z49
M)_4L\3*
NQDR%)*).[]+J,GSM4P%3(NV^7DM^_^T@4)-G[TM<XYI[#44EXIXVX
MLK6OA41*K$GG*ZZ9$3


MB90#X0FU3KX
0Q/!OBP-7RL/V)I\K[TD0XIA)Z72Q+% H]\#W%0H
$U3$OPF
M%


JYMA8_W2;4()U@J85AZ#HG\

M(W&;K IM7I
9KB

1!KMG2G;LVHF*S0DE2G94!/TJ'IDQXNPC

 1\OL._(1]L?G^*'G DS;S ZLS9Z.MJ@H..JZHGC
M4I!*[H#QS&H/]D^'ID:G
^07IUKYW6?CU!N


Z!QW._PRBD@'

#DC8RGFX@OFZ=+SIX9E5$$.<YDL)1KQKPGU<$
U:Q9



RX]KW9DW C7B-YCW\RGA!X^QKY1

M3$BBL



M@[(_'I_YL/BQ/TTJ!7N4;G5;G@J]6]R?3Z49XM=EX+W@( 1G7C/.\;[9[@%9


M4U WLRWB9:GRPL'O2RUCT:^9I3ECM)N_)%.(&\

M=WO

MHAY0%BC^;-2)F/4!NB/=FVWOV/I:-29\&&]/-E7X/&AS%%%N;42*851
BQ


IKX
AQCP(87R'#(E3SVJ_V


M@ZC3@KJH'R

A3:UB0@
4JJZ3)Q1
M;=7=[GJJ':[3CJ$4Q

R1CVZ%

9XD(+YDF@2G KM'*&U'@$FN+%3Y4';;7XOM GZC

N/'TNH]HQ9X2/FU2AK:%2L-JRHA!28N@GN*/KA0L)^%UG&C\5FB!6


9H4)@%F%B

MR#6E3$K%A)%5&$90I\2/BGMY1




V.'Q+VSXW%$W/#W





M8?@]_U(N8Q_S;V5?]=67BRT%SS^DP1)P;$AFA08?J&+&D^@+&@?V0:M@@PF^
M49^


466I.OU.5.2\!R+
M'Q^BO*&#'GQ;!D\G%GR)4GE!)#-4U-B[N&6?F[/3.D51$1_=E[&ZS7,7O
MK;8!37V:U\9ECL4I0(3QP7/% 4D9(T:2VJ(.4GV7


'=W[[=?



W)&^Z

MP;R/0:G2='+Q59=.'ZS] JBL$CX8 @1:P0G

:TBI=N

%6QXVE
E+42F(^PCK@:[/S;Y_^SB

+%9;<[/ORUWF,Q=WRYOE!6WYRT]I,(N/#\JP*5/_ 0?B%=.
E9Z8
@0
6H3_O3S<?\)E]^+_WY2R=


M7W2M:$R6H[[]D
!?5PB\\




MJ1:C

MK/_
R[]V\9V;N9U?VP  @8C 

UW$V['%@
MAFM*!+%!
'(
M

2?U]9A-=ZQC35W#)9


)EA05U+*5[T@1]TCY(<:(;0;]@7]?A8T.. U2,@&4,.8 *MDTQ1&


U@U*N=7T@HV#7D!_;D_]^H,$FHDH]H3
MP:)4FGCR**&T,TLVZD/5Q0X7M=.F0BCE



]-]X4MT-U^C$&W(I C4*4


.?*JNI+F;8SNYWJJ*7S/3+;

ZFG-1


:)04

4[=-%K56OLOK/D9EGJ?&-_//FW
M:&Q*X2(AXI\VRSCW]L1HGKF:]!LRR205PFA.G+12.JD%KS!$7LVLS50?9#J:
MU3JF(JXKCC<([53TDSPPH%J26TM6_2:YI:E.#8C&@7^MM/!=0;^&FY$T(X&


P50A07QP4


MG]^L-KMUV3#CV IW[/G

:^HF/4&;_9! 

@AOL8:!$@W,M/#2%HKPOZPB[O2QOW^-<^W_U@7NV\GFCU

MJY:R




7_U!/9J5*]9[O6UK


]$W






G)/1K;89.JY]L%O
U2'
M?_+*4^5$I)$XI +0Q)U8DW\ECA\
CN%+6@UQ
'O\WPO(Z#7X*P
XA(KSE7





 7'0;F&'2N3V.
S
]GC#H&'T2SW%!G/@@4*$(K.3UB


)4[&






GGE;6U*7XOEQ\5PC*$S
M:-.,H[G:&-IUC#?SV*#X,/F[&-WU^VQ\A9B#)0#  NH-14(J,=B*HZZ_K%
M@=*<WZ!X*;TXG=! .:L1IPIAQ$Q6G(-]V/T?F1O K6AK$5[<%[7I0EEHEM'







3+EZ;N/CW\A=Z#\ I+0SV# !I.'=:5[A!




2O)_\]5O<<Y?E9):2@7]__/)E


MA)S:+ C=:

M-^\F3^F_J;\FRVG]P@9OQ$P=8(:3@2@C!IE(:6VPE%R-+*E&T0ZF#-@'Y5


3M







OUX=(VM=H%#91.STQSG:ZOQ[%[L1\_


^^MUM$W]YYS4WG]/(XUY_K:

I1VO&$ 'ECKTEN/
SY=/HDJ7[\-A L4F9BP8J2QV1!N\G
MIP PIU[1 )V OFB47._U\7WIQLW2;M)AZ<*EA]L%0RCV#(:/8UH3'!@-:9H







MDRK5#]]AJ[W..?CDOW:0@:EO\!O.M[)N)S_L8E-YX6<A''39D A
M@30@# '$]X8DP%F/6XE?$V$86AL\_QONC/\NTGI03%6T-.)JL/E#.UD7?E(N


M#N_]-:I$3A5!^.O$N$_=]
77]]'A7Y9W:8)-5I_CB-/?DO7T=3)+=I-:F\ER





M7!
:H

AJ



MOY4JHCZ?S**/^_OB?OU7A/'D!GBP34 $4V.$CS(B*K#E&HI*1N]A5IFMUQ%



5FEZE]'K+\+G'LKI;I8

MXM\9V/VE3\SNX_1X7



EJ4^\IET%XY%6$A@B@*=:1-\%


(*


M1USPFO/S6U4'
WTV3U$=W/7[)PY(F(CJF25FCM=3J]K%!@0&35O;NJA:0V
M'7X



J
NR
ML]'NBV4WT=Z) ]:/$;N]O7;

]@XA02(CWP@I0R:E\R@8X



L
C4\\_18?;0;6_&%TQ



MTPS2*PW(I))


BBH*0((8J$!





R)][&7F(V2JT3I$*#T@7@
@


]FEL
M45AN!15&

9^JY=O2Y&:K7
M$7TV(HH /5;&
^@UUYZ92B9-LIZV'B)3\G5[.AVP$:)]L62[G)ZN%O#==X%3




C[93L0:5Z2__S3$99DA!&0CCA+:N\M:Y 69D%EEG

M!6[[5MG@B9ZNY*R?OGEQ;O/\^8?/D_GME\V:L3_P?+^8S?QBF1IU
2G.&D@0

 ]
Y7


$O[US___K51
MT47GW_=#(8*9ZC#0BFTK
.4M%* P# '!^M?E!4;N??O/@TB6/[\&L:#IH$
MUS\-HV+NB_+2
_&G400FM..&











;BR4KE#N:TTY
M
O2WQ3&'[WC#P%QD
;-&FFIAT0AOY\;&H^E '8'VE]T'
72]#1M[_K-PY$




M*@#NE1?

M9[+
#<E/CY8YCS8)'6%)$@ =<$TYB/]AQHVLB<Z.P 8V67W+'.
MQ?SL)6:?P/]F_N5QO8JFW^^3KXGD[R?K@P?*1QN%.T\A%Q(S)E1RD*O:#5R

#MK$M3L(Q$H4?YOA


MU.D]4 Z)

^?Z7YQ)GWS8H@]-)A];:*
@X1RS9SFR'*L!

4]TY3*[R1UJAGC(3**H@]H H\%R;.

LC3N$+(2

M5)\V6%$=IRV.IB;F!NY24B3WK-8=JJPI_.PL_3:)[O73U5P^F1; N]!@ZY



B


1!I@C&1%5(&.M'=N^K

M



12:+235B!&;47%FQDZUGO
F'MS\S:'%?
MKD^PY?FC(+T$RED
C)_)<IYN++PK
MEM7+$^6=FD]M.7M


+\6?'08-&+1K

38Q
C
Q+GAM
M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (  :$;DI&SP,#18  .T$ 0 1                :SD
M 0!T=VYK+3(P
38Q
C
Q+GAS9%!+ 0(4 Q0    (  :$;DIF[&[D02T  +#Q
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ !H1N2@2*59M P$ &^$-

end



