

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-014939
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		48
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20160317
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20160316
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Gores Holdings
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001644406
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37540
		FILM NUMBER:		161510882
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9800 WILSHIRE BLVD.
		CITY:			BEVERLY HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90212
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310 209-3010
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9800 WILSHIRE BLVD.
		CITY:			BEVERLY HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90212











grshu-10k_20151231.htm








 D.C. 20549 












 2015











 INC.



























Beverly Hills
 CA
















 including area code: (310) 209-3010
























 each consisting of one share of Class A common

 $0.0001 par value
 and one Warrant to purchase

















 $0.0001 par value per share

























 as defined in Rule&#160;405 of the Securities Act.&#160;YES&#160;


 and (2)&#160;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90&#160;days.&#160;YES&#160;

 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule&#160;405 of Regulation&#160;S-T (&#167;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12&#160;months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).&#160;YES&#160;

 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part&#160;III of this Form&#160;10-K or any amendment to this Form&#160;10-K.&#160;

 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definition of &#8220;large accelerated filer&#8221;
 &#8220;accelerated filer&#8221;
 and &#8220;smaller reporting company&#8221; in Rule&#160;12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
















































 2015
 the last business day of the registrant&#8217;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter
 and therefore it cannot calculate the aggregate market value of its voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates as of such date. 

 2016
 there were 37
500
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s Class A common stock
 par value $0.0001 per share
 and 9
375
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s Class F common stock
 par value $0.0001 per share
 issued and outstanding.







GORES HOLDINGS
 INC.


















































































































































































Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of 























































































































































































































Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance







































































Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence







































































Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules













&#8221; &#8220;our
&#8221; &#8220;us&#8221; or &#8220;we&#8221; refer to Gores Holdings
 Inc.
 a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on June 1
 2015. References to our &#8220;Sponsor&#8221; refer to Gores Sponsor LLC
 an affiliate of Mr. Alec E. Gores
 our Chairman. References to &#8220;Gores&#8221; or &#8220;The Gores Group&#8221; refer to The Gores Group LLC
 an affiliate of our Sponsor. References to our &#8220;Public Offering&#8221; refer to the initial public offering of Gores Holdings
 Inc.
 which closed on August 19
 2015 (the &#8220;IPO Closing Date&#8221;).


 without limitation
 statements under &#8220;Item 7. Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8221; regarding our financial position
 business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations. These statements constitute projections
 forecasts and forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of performance. They involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties
 assumptions and other factors that may cause our actual results
 performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results
 performance or achievements expressed or implied by these statements. Such statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. When used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 words such as &#8220;anticipate
&#8221; &#8220;believe
&#8221; &#8220;continue
&#8221; &#8220;could
&#8221; &#8220;estimate
&#8221; &#8220;expect
&#8221; &#8220;intends
&#8221; &#8220;may
&#8221; &#8220;might
&#8221;&nbsp;&nbsp;&#8220;plan
&#8221; &#8220;possible
&#8221; &#8220;potential
&#8221; &#8220;predict
&#8221; &#8220;project
&#8221; &#8220;should
&#8221; &#8220;would&#8221; and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements
 but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. When we discuss our strategies or plans
 we are making projections
 forecasts or forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on the beliefs of management
 as well as assumptions made by
 and information currently available to
 our management. Actual results and stockholders&#8217; value will be affected by a variety of risks and factors
 including
 without limitation
 international
 national and local economic conditions
 merger
 acquisition and Business Combination risks
 financing risks
 geo-political risks
 acts of terror or war
 and those risk factors described under &#8220;Item 1A. Risk Factors.&#8221; Many of the risks and factors that will determine these results and stockholder value are beyond our ability to control or predict.

 conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are qualified in their entirety by this Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.















 2015 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger
 capital stock exchange
 asset acquisition
 stock purchase
 reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (a &#8220;Business Combination&#8221;). We have reviewed
 and continue to review
 a number of opportunities to enter into a Business Combination with an operating business
 but we are not able to determine at this time whether we will complete a Business Combination with any of the target businesses that we have reviewed or with any other target business. We also have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenue to date. Based on our business activities
 we are a &#8220;shell company&#8221; as defined under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;) because we have no operations and nominal assets consisting solely of cash and/or cash equivalents.

 2015
 our Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 11
500
000 shares (the &#8220;Founder Shares&#8221;) of our Class F common stock
 par value $0.0001 per share (the &#8220;Class F Common Stock&#8221;)
 for an aggregate purchase price of $25
000 or approximately $0.002 per share. Subsequently
 our Sponsor transferred an aggregate of 50
000 Founder Shares to the Company&#8217;s independent directors (together with our Sponsor
 the &#8220;Initial Stockholders&#8221;).&nbsp;&nbsp;On August 13
 2015
 our Sponsor forfeited 1
437
500 Founder Shares
 and following the expiration of the unexercised portion of the underwriters&#8217; over-allotment option
 our Sponsor forfeited an additional 687
500 Founder Shares
 so that the Founder Shares held by our Initial Stockholders would represent 20% of our outstanding shares of Capital Stock (as defined below) immediately following the consummation of our Public Offering. 

 2015
 we consummated our Public Offering of 37
500
000 units (the &#8220;Units&#8221;) of the Company
 including 2
500
000 Units issued pursuant to the partial exercise of the underwriters&#8217; over-allotment option. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock of the Company
 par value $0.0001 per share (the &#8220;Common Stock&#8221; and
 together with the Class F Common Stock
 the &#8220;Capital Stock&#8221;)
 and one warrant of the Company (&#8220;Warrant&#8221;) to purchase one-half of one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $5.75 per half share of Common Stock (or $11.50 per whole share). The Units were sold at a price of $10.00 per share
 generating gross proceeds to us of $375
000
000. Prior to the IPO Closing Date
 we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 19
000
000 warrants to our Sponsor (the &#8220;Private Placement Warrants&#8221;) at a price of $0.50 per Private Placement Warrant
 each exercisable to purchase one-half of one share of Common Stock at $5.75 per half share (or $11.50 per whole share)
 generating gross proceeds to us of $9
500
000. The Private Placement Warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the Warrants sold as part of the Units in the Public Offering
 except that the Private Placement Warrants may be net cash settled and are not redeemable so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. The sale of the Private Placement Warrants was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section&#160;4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.

 $375
000
000 of the gross proceeds from the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was deposited in a U.S.-based trust account (the &#8220;Trust Account&#8221;) with Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company acting as trustee (the &#8220;Trustee&#8221;). Of the $9
500
000 held outside of the Trust Account
 $7
500
000 was used to pay underwriting discounts and commissions
 $300
000 was used to repay notes payable to our Sponsor and the balance was available to pay accrued offering and formation costs
 business
 legal and accounting due diligence on prospective acquisitions and continuing general and administrative expenses. Funds held in the Trust Account have been invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of one hundred and eighty (180)&#160;days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940
 as amended (the &#8220;Investment Company Act&#8221;)
 that invest only in direct U.S. government obligations. Funds will remain in the Trust Account until the earliest of (i)&#160;the completion of the Business Combination; (ii) the redemption of any shares of Common Stock properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of such shares of Common Stock if we do not complete a Business Combination within 24 months from the IPO Closing Date and (iii) the redemption of 100% of the shares of Common Stock if we are unable to complete a Business Combination within 24 months from the IPO Closing Date (subject to applicable law).

 2015
 we announced that the holders of our Units may elect to separately trade the Common Stock and Warrants included in the Units commencing on October 16
 2015 on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols &#8220;GRSH&#8221; and &#8220;GRSHW
&#8221; respectively. Those Units not separated will continue to trade on the National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotations Capital Market (&#8220;NASDAQ&#8221;) under the symbol &#8220;GRSHU.&#8221;

Our acquisition and value creation strategy will be to identify
 acquire and
 after our Business Combination
 to build a company in an industry or sector that complements the experience of our management team and can benefit from our operational expertise. Our acquisition selection process will leverage our team&#8217;s network of potential transaction sources
 ranging from owners and directors of 


private and public companies
 private equity funds
 investment bankers
 lenders
 attorneys
 accountants and other trusted advisors across various sectors.

 we intend to utilize the networks and industry experience of Mr.&#160;Gores and The Gores Group in seeking a Business Combination. Over the course of their careers
 the members of our management team have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships that we believe will serve as a useful source of acquisition opportunities. This network has been developed through our management team&#8217;s combined history of over 80 years of business experience
 including in private equity and investment banking. We expect this network will provide our management team with a robust and consistent flow of acquisition opportunities. In addition
 we anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources
 including investment market participants
 private equity groups
 investment banking firms
 consultants
 accounting firms and large business enterprises. Members of our management team will communicate with their networks of relationships to articulate the parameters for our search for a target company and a potential Business Combination and begin the process of pursuing and reviewing potentially interesting leads.


 we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. We will use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities
 but we may decide to enter into our Business Combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. We intend to seek to acquire companies that we believe:








have a defensible core business
 sustainable revenues and established customer relationships;








are undergoing change in capital structure
 strategy
 operations or growth;




























 to the extent relevant
 on these general guidelines as well as other considerations
 factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant.


 we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA
 or from an independent accounting firm
 with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our Business Combination.

 however
 structure our Business Combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons
 but we will only complete such Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target
 our stockholders prior to the Business Combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company
 depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the Business Combination transaction. For example
 we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case
 we would acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However
 as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares
 our stockholders immediately prior to our Business Combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our Business Combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company
 the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80% of net assets test. If the Business Combination involves more than one target business
 the 80% of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses.




 we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which will encompass
 among other things
 meetings with incumbent management and employees
 document reviews
 inspection of facilities
 as well as a review of financial
 operational
 legal and other information which will be made available to us. We will also utilize our operational and capital planning experience.

 officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our Business Combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor
 officers or directors
 we
 or a committee of independent directors
 will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
 or FINRA
 or from an independent accounting firm
 that our Business Combination is fair to our Company from a financial point of view.

 and
 accordingly
 may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our Business Combination. Further
 each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular Business Combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our Business Combination.

 and any of them in the future may have additional
 fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a Business Combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly
 if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a Business Combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations
 he or she will honor these obligations to present such Business Combination opportunity to such entity
 and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. We do not believe
 however
 that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our Business Combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our Company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue.

 executive officers
 and directors have agreed
 pursuant to a letter agreement
 not to participate in the formation of
 or become an officer or director of
 any other blank check company until we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding our Business Combination or we have failed to complete our Business Combination within 24 months after the IPO Closing Date.


 we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination. In this situation
 the owners of the target business would exchange their shares of stock in the target business for shares of our stock or for a combination of shares of our stock and cash
 allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company
 we believe target businesses will find this method a more certain and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. In a typical initial public offering
 there are additional expenses incurred for marketing
 road show and public reporting efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a Business Combination with us.

 once a proposed Business Combination is completed
 the target business will have effectively become public
 whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters&#8217; ability to complete the offering
 as well as general market conditions
 which could prevent the offering from occurring. Once public
 we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with stockholders&#8217; interests. It can offer further benefits by augmenting a company&#8217;s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees.

&#8221; as defined in Section&#160;2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &#8220;Securities Act&#8221;)
 as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the &#8220;JOBS Act&#8221;). We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1)&#160;the last day of the fiscal year (a)&#160;following the fifth anniversary of the IPO Closing Date
 (b)&#160;in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.0 billion
 or (c)&#160;in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer
 which means the market value of our Common Stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior June&#160;30th
 and (2)&#160;the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. References herein to &#8220;emerging growth company&#8221; shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act.




885
481 as of December 31
 2015
 assuming no redemptions and after payment of up to $13
125
000 of deferred underwriting fees
 we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners
 providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to complete our Business Combination using our cash
 debt or equity securities
 or a combination of the foregoing
 we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However
 we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us.


 and we will not engage in
 any operations for an indefinite period of time. We intend to effectuate our Business Combination using the proceeds held in the Trust Account from our Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants
 our capital stock
 debt or a combination of these as the consideration. We may seek to complete our Business Combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth
 which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses.

 or not all of the funds released from the Trust Account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our Business Combination or used for redemptions of purchases of Common Stock
 we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the Trust Account for general corporate purposes
 including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company
 the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing a Business Combination
 to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital.

 and continue to review
 a number of opportunities to enter into a Business Combination with an operating business
 but we are not able to determine at this time whether we will complete a Business Combination with any of the target businesses that we have reviewed or with any other target business. We anticipate that additional target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources
 including investment bankers
 venture capital funds
 private equity funds
 leveraged buyout funds
 management buyout funds and other members of the financial community. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis
 since many of these sources will have read our final prospectus dated August 13
 2015 relating to the Public Offering and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Members of our management team
 including Mr. Gores
 are affiliated with The Gores Group. The Gores Group is continuously made aware of potential business opportunities
 one or more of which we may desire to pursue
 for a Business Combination. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis
 we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future
 in which event we may pay a finder&#8217;s fee
 consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm&#8217;s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. In no event
 however
 will our Sponsor
 our officers or directors or their respective affiliates be paid any finder&#8217;s fee
 consulting fee or other compensation prior to
 or for any services they render in order to effectuate
 the closing of a Business Combination other than the reimbursement of any out-of-pocket expenses or the repayment of loans that we may receive from time to time to fund our working capital needs.

 and we may effectuate a Business Combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the Trust Account.

375
000 Founder Shares
 which automatically convert into shares of Common Stock at the time of our Business Combination on a one-for-one basis
 subject to adjustment. In the case that additional shares of&nbsp;&nbsp;Common Stock
 or equity-linked securities
 are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in our Public Offering and related to the closing of the Business Combination
 the ratio at which the Founder Shares shall convert into shares of&nbsp;&nbsp;Common Stock will be adjusted so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal
 in the aggregate
 on an as-converted basis
 20% of the total number of all shares of Capital Stock outstanding upon the completion of the Public Offering plus all shares of Common Stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the Business Combination
 excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued
 or to be issued
 to any seller in the Business Combination or pursuant to the Private Placement Warrants issued to our Sponsor. Holders of the Founder Shares and holders of our Common Stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders
 except as required by law.
In the case of a Business Combination funded with assets other than the Trust Account assets
 our tender offer documents or proxy materials disclosing the Business Combination would disclose the terms of the financing and
 only if required by law or applicable stock exchange rules
 we would seek stockholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds 


 or through loans in connection with a Business Combination. At this time
 we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise in connection wi


 such as discounted cash flow valuation or value of comparable businesses. If our Board is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses
 we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA
 or from an independent accounting firm
 with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with a Business Combination. Subject to this requirement
 our management has virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses
 although we will not be permitted to effectuate our Business Combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations.

 however
 structure our Business Combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons
 but we will only complete such Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target
 our stockholders prior to the Business Combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company
 depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the Business Combination transaction. For example
 we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case
 we would acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However
 as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares
 our stockholders immediately prior to our Business Combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our Business Combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company
 the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80% of net assets test. If the Business Combination involves more than one target business
 the 80% of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses.

 we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors.

 we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which will encompass
 among other things
 meetings with incumbent management and employees
 document reviews
 inspection of facilities
 as well as a review of financial
 operational
 legal and other information which will be made available to us.

 and the costs associated with this process
 are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our Business Combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another Business Combination.


 the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries
 it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. If we complete our Business Combination with only a single entity
 our lack of diversification may:








subject us to negative economic
 competitive and regulatory developments
 any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after a Business Combination
 and













 our assessment of the target business&#8217; management may not prove to be correct. In addition
 the future management may not have the necessary skills
 qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore
 the future role of members of our management team
 if any
 in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our Business Combination
 it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our Business Combination. Moreover
 we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business.

 we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers
 or that additional managers will have the requisite skills
 knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management.


 we will seek stockholder approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule
 or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Presented in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of Business Combinations we may consider and whether stockholder approval is currently required under Delaware law for each type of transaction.























































 stockholder approval would be required for a Business Combination if
 for example:

















any of our directors
 officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by NASDAQ rules) has a 5% or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10% or greater interest)
 directly or indirectly
 in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common stock or voting power of 5% or more; or











 our Sponsor
 directors
 officers
 advisors or their respective affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of a Business Combination. However
 they have no current commitments
 plans or intentions to engage in any such transactions and they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder
 although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. None of the funds in the Trust Account will be used to purchase shares in such transactions. We have adopted an insider trading policy which requires insiders to: (i) refrain from purchasing shares during certain blackout periods and when they are in possession of any material non-public information and (ii) to clear all trades with our legal counsel prior to execution. We cannot currently determine whether our insiders will make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan
 as it will be dependent upon several factors
 including but not limited to
 the timing and size of such purchases. Depending on such circumstances
 our insiders may either make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or determine that such a plan is not necessary.


In the event that our Sponsor
 directors
 officers
 advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights
 required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases
 if any
 the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however
 if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules
 the purchasers will be required to comply with such rules.

 where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of our Business Combination that may not otherwise have been possible.

 if such purchases are made
 the public &#8220;float&#8221; of our Common Stock may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced
 which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation
 listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.

 officers
 directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our Sponsor
 officers
 directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our Business Combination. To the extent that our Sponsor
 officers
 directors
 advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase
 they would identify and contact only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the Trust Account or vote against the Business Combination. Our Sponsor
 officers
 directors
 advisors or their affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws.

 officers
 directors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18
 which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section&#160;9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our Sponsor
 officers
 directors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases of Common Stock if the purchases would violate Section&#160;9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act.


 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Business Combination
 including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable)
 divided by the number of then outstanding public shares
 subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the Trust Account as of December 31
 2015 is approximately $10.00 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission (the &#8220;Deferred Discount&#8221;) totaling $13
125
000 that we will pay to the underwriters. Our Initial Stockholders have entered into a letter agreement with us
 pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and any public shares they may hold in connection with the completion of our Business Combination.


 solely in our discretion
 and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement. Asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our Company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20% of our outstanding shares of Capital Stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless stockholder approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement or we choose to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons.


If a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons
 we will
 pursuant 








conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act
 which regulate issuer tender offers
 and








file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our Business Combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the Business Combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act
 which regulates the solicitation of proxies.

 we or our Sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of Common Stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer
 to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. At this time
 no such plan currently exists.

 our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days
 in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act
 and we will not be permitted to complete our Business Combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition
 the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number of public shares which are not purchased by our Sponsor
 which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5
000
001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC&#8217;s &#8220;penny stock&#8221; rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our Business Combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase
 we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the Business Combination.

 however
 stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement
 or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons
 we will
 pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation:








conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act
 which regulates the solicitation of proxies
 and not pursuant to the tender offer rules
 and










 we will distribute proxy materials and
 in connection therewith
 provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the Business Combination.

 we will complete our Business Combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of our Capital Stock voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding Capital Stock of the Company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of Capital Stock of the Company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our Initial Stockholders will count toward this quorum and have agreed to vote their Founder Shares and any public shares purchased during or after our Public Offering in favor of our Business Combination. These quorum and voting thresholds
 and the voting agreements of our Initial Stockholders
 may make it more likely that we will consummate our Business Combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. In addition
 our Initial Stockholders have entered into a letter agreement with us
 pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and any owned public shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination.

000
001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC&#8217;s &#8220;penny stock&#8221; rules). Redemptions of our public shares may also be subject to a higher net tangible asset test or cash requirement pursuant to an agreement relating to a Business Combination. For example
 the proposed Business Combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners
 (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed Business Combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Common Stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed Business Combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us
 we will not complete the Business Combination or redeem any shares
 and all shares of Common Stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof.

Notwithstanding the foregoing
 if we seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules
 our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder
 together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is 


t or as a &#8220;group&#8221; (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act)
 is restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in our Public Offering
this restriction discourages stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares
ement to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision
es sold in our Public Offering
 we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our Business Combination
at requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However
 we would not be restricting our stockholders&#8217; ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our Business Combination.


 whether they are record holders or hold their shares in &#8220;street name
&#8221; to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents or proxy materials mailed to such holders
 or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the Business Combination in the event we distribute proxy materials
 or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company&#8217;s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System
 at the holder&#8217;s option. The tender offer or proxy materials
 as applicable
 that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with a Business Combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly
 a public stockholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period
 or up to two days prior to the vote on the Business Combination if we distribute proxy materials
 as applicable
 to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short exercise period
 it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares.

 this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated.

 many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders&#8217; vote on a business combination
 and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved
 we would contact such stockholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result
 the stockholder then had an &#8220;option window&#8221; after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of our stock in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price
 he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to us for cancellation. As a result
 the redemption rights
 to which stockholders were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder meeting
 would become &#8220;option&#8221; rights surviving past the completion of the Business Combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The

 once made
 may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or the date of the stockholder meeting set forth in our proxy materials
 as applicable. Furthermore
 if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights
 such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our Business Combination.

 then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the Trust Account. In such case
 we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public stockholders who elected to redeem their shares. If our initial proposed Business Combination is not completed
 we may continue to try to complete a Business Combination with a different target business until 24 months after the IPO Closing Date.




 we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up
 (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter
 redeem the public shares
 at a per-share price
 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account
 including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable
 and less up to $50
000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses)
 divided by the number of then outstanding public shares
 which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders&#8217; rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions
 if any)
 subject to applicable law
 and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption
 subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our Board
 dissolve and liquidate
 subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our Warrants or the Private Placement Warrants
 which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our Business Combination within 24 months after the IPO Closing Date.

 pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their Founder Shares if we fail to complete our Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering. However
 if our Initial Stockholders acquire public shares after the Public Offering
 they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our Business Combination within the allotted 24-month time period.

 executive officers and directors have agreed
 pursuant to a letter agreement with us
 that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of our Public Offering
 unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of&nbsp;&nbsp;Common Stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price
 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account
 including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However
 we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5
000
001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC&#8217;s &#8220;penny stock&#8221; rules).

 as well as payments to any creditors
 will be funded from amounts remaining out of the approximately $790
000 of proceeds held outside the Trust Account as of December 31
 2015
 although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. However
 if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution
 to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the Trust Account not required to pay taxes
 we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to $50
000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses.

 other than the proceeds deposited in the Trust Account
 and without taking into account interest
 if any
 earned on the Trust Account
 the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately $10.00 as of December 31
 2015. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could
 however
 become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than $10.00. Under Section 281(b) of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the &#8220;DGCL&#8221;)
 our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full
 as applicable
 if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts
 if any
 we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors&#8217; claims.
Although we will seek to have all vendors
 service providers (other than our independent auditors)
 prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right
 title
 interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public stockholders
 there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement
 breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims
 as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver
 in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets
 including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account
 our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party&#8217;s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition
 there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any 


claims they may have in the future as a result of
 or arising out of
ions
 contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account
for services rendered or products sold to us
 or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement
nt per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account
 due to reductions in value of the trust assets
 in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes
 a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our Public Offering against certain liabilities
s Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party
 then Gores will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We cannot assure you
 however
fy those obligations. None of our other officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including
 without limitation
 claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.

 due to reductions in value of the trust assets
 in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes
 and Gores asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim
 our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against Gores to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against Gores to enforce its indemnification obligations to us
 it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly
 we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be substantially less than $10.00 per share.

 2015
 we had access to up to approximately $790
000 from the proceeds of our Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants
 with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation
 currently estimated to be no more than approximately $50
000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient
 stockholders who received funds from our Trust Account could be liable for claims made by creditors. 

 stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of the Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our Business Combination within 24 months from the completion of our Public Offering may be considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware law. If we comply with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that we make reasonable provision for all claims against us
 including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against us
 a 90-day period during which we may reject any claims brought
 and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to our stockholders
 any liability of a stockholder with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder&#8217;s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to such stockholder
 and any liability of our stockholders would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution.

 if the pro rata portion of the Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our Business Combination within 24 months from our Public Offering
 is not considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful
 then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL
 the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution
 instead of three years
 as in the case of a liquidation distribution. If we are unable to complete our Business Combination within 24 months from our Public Offering
 we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up
 (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter
 redeem the public shares
 at a per-share price
 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account
 including interest (net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes and less up to $50
000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses)
 divided by the number of then outstanding public shares
 which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders&#8217; rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions
 if any)
 subject to applicable law
 and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption
 subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our Board
 dissolve and liquidate
 subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly
&#160;month and
 therefore
 we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such
 our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date.
Because we will not be complying with Section 280
 Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan
 based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent 10 years. However
 because we are a blank check company
 rather than an operating company
 and our 


operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire
ms to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers
 investment bankers
 etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above
 pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement
s
 service providers (other than our independent auditors)
 prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right
 title
 interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust A

 the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the Trust Account is remote. Further
 Gores may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the Trust Account are not reduced below (i) $10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account
 due to reductions in value of the trust assets
 in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes and will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our Public Offering against certain liabilities
 including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party
 Gores will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims.

 the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law
 and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account
 we cannot assure you we will be able to return $10.00 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally
 if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed
 any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a &#8220;preferential transfer&#8221; or a &#8220;fraudulent conveyance.&#8221; As a result
 a bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore
 our Board may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith
 thereby exposing itself and our Company to claims of punitive damages
 by paying public stockholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons.

 if they properly tender their respective shares in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of such public shares if we do not complete a Business Combination within 24 months from the IPO Closing Date or if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of the Business Combination. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in our Trust Account. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our Business Combination
 a stockholder voting in connection with the Business Combination alone will not result in such stockholder redeeming its shares for an applicable pro rata share of our Trust Account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above.


 we will provide dissenting public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection with any such vote. Our Initial Stockholders have agreed to waive any redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our Business Combination. Specifically
 our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides
 among other things
 that:








prior to the consummation of our Business Combination
 we shall either (1) seek stockholder approval of our Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to redeem their shares
 regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed Business Combination
 into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in our Trust Account
 including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) or (2) provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to tender their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in our Trust Account
 including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) in each case subject to the limitations described herein;








we will consummate our Business Combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5
000
001 upon such consummation and
 solely if we seek stockholder approval
 a majority of the outstanding shares of Capital Stock voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination;










 not consummated within 24 months from the completion of our Public Offering
 then our existence will terminate and we will distribute all amounts in our Trust Account; and








prior to our Business Combination
 we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from our Trust Account or (ii) vote on any Business Combination.

 our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we may consummate our Business Combination only if approved by a majority of the shares of Capital Stock voted by our stockholders voting at a duly held stockholders meeting.


 evaluating and selecting a target business for our Business Combination
 we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours
 including other blank check companies
 private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds
 and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting Business Combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover
 many of these competitors possess greater financial
 technical
 human and other resources than us. While we believe there may be numerous potential target businesses that we could acquire
 our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives many of these competitors an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore
 our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our Business Combination and our outstanding Warrants and Private Placement Warrants
 and the future dilution they potentially represent
 may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating our Business Combination.

 there will be
 in all likelihood
 intense competition from competitors of the target business. Subsequent to our Business Combination
 we may not have the resources or ability to compete effectively.


 we may be precluded from procuring such opportunities. In addition
 investment ideas generated within Gores
 including by Mr.&#160;Gores and other persons who may make decisions for the Company
 may be suitable for both us and for a current or future Gores fund and may be directed to such investment vehicle rather than to us. Neither Gores nor members of our management team who are also employed by certain affiliates of The Gores Group have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential Business Combination of which they become aware. Gores and/or our management
 in their capacities as officers or managing directors of Gores or in their other endeavors
 may choose to present potential Business Combinations to the related entities described above
 current or future The Gores Group investment vehicles
 or third parties
 before they present such opportunities to us.

 and any of them in the future may have additional
 fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a Business Combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly
 if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a Business Combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations
 he or she will honor these obligations to present such Business Combination opportunity to such entity
 and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. We do not believe
 however
 that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our Business Combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our Company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue.
The Gores Group has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us
 or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement
 reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (i)&#160;$10.00 per public share or (ii)&#160;such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets
 in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes
 except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under indemnity of the underwriters of our Public Offering against certain liabilities
 including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover
 in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party
 Gores will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. We have not independently verified whether Gores has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we have not asked Gores to reserve for such 


ication obligations. Therefore
get businesses as well as other entities execute agreements with us waiving any right
 title
 interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account.




 Common Stock and Warrants are registered under the Exchange Act and as a result we have reporting obligations
 including the requirement that we file annual
 quarterly and current reports with the SEC. The public may read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC&#8217;s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street
 NE
 Washington
 DC 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports
 proxy and information statements
 and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at: http://www.sec.gov. The contents of this website are not incorporated into this filing. Further
 our references to the uniform resource locator (&#8220;URL&#8221;) for this website are intended to be inactive textual references only.

 these financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance with
 or be reconciled to
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#8220;U.S. GAAP&#8221;)
 or International Financing Reporting Standards (&#8220;IFRS&#8221;). A particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate may not have the necessary financial statements. To the extent that this requirement cannot be met
 we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates
 we do not believe that this limitation will be material.

 2016 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such target business to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete a business acquisition with such a target business.

&#8221; as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act
 as modified by the JOBS Act. As such
 we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not &#8220;emerging growth companies&#8221; including
 but not limited to
 not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements
 and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result
 there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile.

 Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an &#8220;emerging growth company&#8221; can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words
 an &#8220;emerging growth company&#8221; can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period.

 (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.0 billion
 or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer
 which means the market value of Common Stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30
 and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. References herein to &#8220;emerging growth company&#8221; shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act.












 financial condition and results of operations. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below
 in addition to other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 including our financial statements and related notes. If any of the following events occur
 our business
 financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event
 the trading price of our securities could decline
 and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of
 or that we currently believe are not material
 may also become important factors that adversely affect our business
 financial condition and operating results.

 and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.

 and we will not commence operations until completing a Business Combination. Because we have no operating history and have no operating results
 you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our Business Combination with one or more target businesses. We have no current arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a Business Combination and may be unable to complete our Business Combination. If we fail to complete our Business Combination
 we will never generate any operating revenues.

 which means we may complete our Business Combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination.

 or if we decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons. For instance
 the NASDAQ rules currently allow us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a stockholder meeting but would still require us to obtain stockholder approval if we were seeking to issue more than 20% of our outstanding shares to a target business as consideration in any Business Combination. Therefore
 if we were structuring a Business Combination that required us to issue more than 20% of our outstanding shares
 we would seek stockholder approval of such a Business Combination. However
 except for as required by law
 the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed Business Combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us
 solely in our discretion
 and will be based on a variety of factors
 such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. Accordingly
 we may consummate our Business Combination even if holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our Capital Stock do not approve of the Business Combination we consummate.&nbsp;&nbsp;Please refer to &#8220;Item 1. Business &#8211; Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Business Combination&#8221; for additional information.

 our Initial Stockholders have agreed to vote in favor of such Business Combination
 regardless of how our public stockholders vote.

 our Initial Stockholders have agreed
 and their permitted transferees will agree
 to vote their Founder Shares
 as well as any public shares purchased during or after our Public Offering
 in favor of our Business Combination. We expect that our Initial Stockholders and their permitted transferees
 if any
 will own at least 20% of our outstanding Capital Stock at the time of any such stockholder vote. Accordingly
 if we seek stockholder approval of our Business Combination
 it is more likely that the necessary stockholder approval will be received than would be the case if our Initial Stockholders agreed to vote their Founder Shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by our public stockholders.

 unless we seek stockholder approval of the Business Combination.

 public stockholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the Business Combination
 unless we seek such stockholder vote. Accordingly
 if we do not seek stockholder approval
 your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential Business Combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public stockholders in which we describe our Business Combination.


kholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential Business Combination targets
 which may make it difficult for us to enter into a Business Combination with a target.

 we would not be able to meet such closing condition and
 as a result
 would not be able to proceed with the Business Combination. Furthermore
 we will not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5
000
001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC&#8217;s &#8220;penny stock&#8221; rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to a Business Combination. Consequently
 if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5
000
001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above
 we would not proceed with such redemption and the related Business Combination and may instead search for an alternate Business Combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and
 thus
 may be reluctant to enter into a Business Combination transaction with us.


 we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption rights
 and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our Business Combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price
 or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing
 we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in our Trust Account to meet such requirements
 or arrange for third-party financing. In addition
 if a larger number of shares are submitted for redemption than we initially expected
 we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the Trust Account or arrange for third party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable Business Combination available to us or optimize our capital structure.


 or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing
 the probability that our Business Combination may not be completed in the required time is increased. If our Business Combination is not completed in the required time
 you would not receive your pro rata portion of the Trust Account until we liquidate the Trust Account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity
 you could attempt to sell your stock in the open market; however
 at such time our stock may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the Trust Account. In either situation
 you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your stock in the open market.

 which could undermine our ability to complete our Business Combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders.

 such a target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a Business Combination
 knowing that if we do not complete our Business Combination with that particular target business
 we may be unable to complete our Business Combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition
 we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our Business Combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation.

 in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate.
Our Sponsor
 executive officers and directors have agreed that we must complete our Business Combination within 24 months after the IPO Closing Date. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our Business Combination within such time period. If we have not completed our Business Combination within such time period
 we will: (i)&#160;cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up
 (ii)&#160;as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter
 redeem the public shares
 at a per-share price
 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account
 including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and less up to $50
000 of such net interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the 


number of then outstanding public shares
 which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders&#8217; rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions
 if any)
 subject to applicable law
)&#160;as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption
 subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our Board
 dissolve and liquidate
 subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and t

 our Sponsor
 directors
 executive officers
 advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares from public stockholders
 which may influence a vote on a proposed Business Combination and reduce the public &#8220;float&#8221; of Common Stock.

 our Sponsor
 directors
 executive officers
 advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our Business Combination
 although they are under no obligation to do so. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder
 although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our Sponsor
 directors
 executive officers
 advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights
 such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of such purchases could be to vote such shares in favor of the Business Combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the Business Combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our Business Combination
 where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of our Business Combination that may not otherwise have been possible.

 if such purchases are made
 the public &#8220;float&#8221; of Common Stock and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced
 possibly making it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation
 listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.

 or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares
 such shares may not be redeemed.

 as applicable
 when conducting redemptions in connection with our Business Combination. Despite our compliance with these rules
 if a stockholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials
 as applicable
 such stockholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition
 the tender offer documents or proxy materials
 as applicable
 that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our Business Combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these procedures
 its shares may not be redeemed.

 except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment
 therefore
 you may be forced to sell your public shares or Warrants
 potentially at a loss.

 (ii)&#160;the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our Business Combination within 24 months after the IPO Closing Date and (iii)&#160;the redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete our Business Combination within 24 months after the IPO Closing Date
 subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in the Trust Account. Accordingly
 to liquidate your investment
 you may be forced to sell your public shares or Warrants
 potentially at a loss.

 which could limit stockholders&#8217; ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions.

 we must maintain certain financial
 distribution and stock price levels. Generally
 we must maintain a minimum amount in stockholders&#8217; equity (generally $2
500
000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 round-lot holders). Additionally
 in connection with our Business Combination
 we will be required to demonstrate compliance with NASDAQ&#8217;s initial listing requirements
 which are more rigorous than NASDAQ&#8217;s continued listing requirements
 in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on NASDAQ. For instance
 our stock price would generally be required to be at least $4 per share and our stockholders&#8217; equity would generally be required to be at least $5 million. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time.


hange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange
 we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur
 we could face significant material adverse consequences
 including:














































 which is a federal statute
 prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities
 which are referred to as &#8220;covered securities.&#8221; Our Units
 Common Stock and Warrants are listed on NASDAQ and are covered securities. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities
 the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud
 and
 if there is a finding of fraudulent activity
 then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies
 other than the state of Idaho
 certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers
 or threaten to use these powers
 to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further
 if we were no longer listed on NASDAQ
 our securities would not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities.


000
000 and timely filed a Current Report on Form 8-K after the IPO Closing Date
 including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact
 we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect stockholders in blank check companies
 such as Rule 419. Accordingly
 stockholders are not afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things
 this means our Units were immediately tradable at the IPO Closing Date and we will have a longer period of time to complete our Business Combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover
 if we were subject to Rule 419
 that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the Trust Account to us unless and until the funds in the Trust Account were released to us in connection with our completion of a Business Combination.

 and if you or a &#8220;group&#8221; of stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15% of Common Stock
 you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15% of Common Stock.

 our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder
 together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a &#8220;group&#8221; (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act)
 will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to Excess Shares. However
 we would not be restricting our stockholders&#8217; ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our Business Combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our Business Combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally
 you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our Business Combination. And as a result
 you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15% and
 in order to dispose of such shares
 would be required to sell your stock in open market transactions
 potentially at a loss.

 it may be more difficult for us to complete our Business Combination. If we are unable to complete our Business Combination
 our public stockholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per share on the liquidation of the Trust Account (or less than $10.00 per share in certain circumstances where a third party brings a claim against us that The Gores Group is unable to indemnify)
 and our Warrants will expire worthless.
We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours
 including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships)
 other blank check companies and other entities
 domestic and international
 competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting
 directly or indirectly
 acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical
 human and other resources or more local industry knowledge 


lly acquire with the net proceeds of our Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants
es. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore
 if we are obligated to pay cash for the shares of Common Stock redeemed and
 of our Business Combination
 we make purchases of our Common Stock
 Combination. If we are unable to complete our Business Combination
 our public stockholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per share on the liquidation of the Trust Account (or less than $10.00 per share in certain circumstances where a third-party

 we may be unable to complete our Business Combination.

 2015
 we have approximately $790
000 available to us outside the Trust Account to fund our working capital requirements. The funds available to us outside of the Trust Account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 24 months after the IPO Closing Date assuming that our Business Combination is not completed during that time. Of the funds available to us
 we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a &#8220;no-shop&#8221; provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from &#8220;shopping&#8221; around for transactions with other companies on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed Business Combination
 although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds
 whether as a result of our breach or otherwise
 we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for
 or conduct due diligence with respect to
 a target business. 

 our public stockholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per share on the liquidation of our Trust Account (or less than $10.00 per share in certain circumstances where a third-party brings a claim against us that The Gores Group is unable to indemnify) and our Warrants will expire worthless.

 it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our Business Combination and we will depend on loans from our Sponsor or management team to fund our search
 to pay our taxes and to complete our Business Combination.

 only approximately $790
000 is available to us outside the Trust Account to fund our working capital requirements. If we are required to seek additional capital
 we would need to borrow funds from our Sponsor
 management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our Sponsor
 members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the Trust Account or from funds released to us upon completion of our Business Combination. If we are unable to complete our Business Combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us
 we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. Consequently
 our public stockholders may only receive approximately $10.00 per share on our redemption of our public shares 
 and our Warrants will expire worthless.

 there is a risk that we will be unable to continue as a going concern and consummate our Business Combination.
We are a recently formed blank check company
 and as we have no operating history and are subject to a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution requirement
 there is a risk that we will be unable to continue as a going concern and consummate our Business Combination. If we do not complete our Business Combination within 24 months of the IPO Closing Date
 we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up
 (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter
 redeem the public shares
 at a per-share price
 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account
 including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable
 and less up to $50
000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares
 which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders&#8217; rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions
 if any)
 subject to applicable law
 and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption
 subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our Board
 dissolve and liquidate
 subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In the event of such distribution
 it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be less than the initial public offering price per Unit in the Public Offering. In 


addition if we fail to complete our Business Combination
g distributions with respect to our Warrants or the Private Placement Warrants
 which will expire worthless.

 we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs
 restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition
 results of operations and our stock price
 which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment.

 we cannot assure you that this diligence will surface all material issues that may be present inside a particular target business
 that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence
 or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors
 we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets
 restructure our operations
 or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks
 unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity
 the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition
 charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly
 any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following our Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them
 or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the tender offer materials or proxy statement relating to the Business Combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission.

 the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share.

 service providers (other than our independent auditors)
 prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right
 title
 interest or claim of any kind in or to any funds held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public stockholders
 such parties may not execute such agreements
 or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account
 including
 but not limited to
 fraudulent inducement
 breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims
 as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver
 in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets
 including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the funds held in the Trust Account
 our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third-party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party&#8217;s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative.

 there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of
 or arising out of
 any negotiations
 contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares
 if we are unable to complete our Business Combination within the prescribed timeframe
 or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our Business Combination
 we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly
 the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders could be less than the $10.00 per share initially held in the Trust Account
 due to claims of such creditors. The Gores Group
 LLC has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us
 or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement
 reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (i)&#160;$10.00 per public share or (ii)&#160;such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets
 in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes
 except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under indemnity of the underwriters of our Public Offering against certain liabilities
 including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover
 in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party
 Gores will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. We have not independently verified whether Gores has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we have not asked Gores to reserve for such indemnification obligations. Therefore
 we cannot assure you that Gores would be able to satisfy those obligations.


Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of Gores
 resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our public stockholders.

 in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes
 and Gores asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim
 our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against Gores to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against Gores to enforce its indemnification obligations to us
 it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations
 the amount of funds in our Trust Account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below $10.00 per share.

 after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public stockholders
 we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed
 a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds
 and the members of our Board may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors
 thereby exposing the members of our Board and us to claims of punitive damages.

 after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public stockholders
 we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed
 any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a &#8220;preferential transfer&#8221; or a &#8220;fraudulent conveyance.&#8221; As a result
 a bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition
 our Board may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith
 thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages
 by paying public stockholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors.

 before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public stockholders
 we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed
 the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced.

 before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public stockholders
 we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed
 the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law
 and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account
 the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced.

 we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted
 which may make it difficult for us to complete our Business Combination.

 our activities may be restricted
 including:








restrictions on the nature of our investments
 and








restrictions on the issuance of securities
 each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our Business Combination.

 we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements
 including:


























reporting
 record keeping
 voting
 proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations.
We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. The proceeds held in the Trust Account may be invested by the Trustee only in United States government treasury bills with a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in United States Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. Because the investment of the proceeds will be restricted to these instruments
 we believe we will meet the requirements for the exemption provided in Rule 3a-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act
 compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to consummate a Business Combination. If we were deemed to be subject 


to the Investment Company Act
r Business Combination
up is unable to indemnify)
 and our Warrants will expire worthless.

 regulations or rules
 or a failure to comply with any laws
 regulations or rules
 may adversely affect our business
 investments and results of operations.

 regulations and rules enacted by national
 regional and local governments and NASDAQ. In particular
 we are required to comply with certain SEC
 NASDAQ and other legal or regulatory requirements. Compliance with
 and monitoring of
 applicable laws
 regulations and rules may be difficult
 time consuming and costly. Those laws
 regulations or rules and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business
 investments and results of operations. In addition
 a failure to comply with applicable laws
 regulations or rules
 as interpreted and applied
 could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.


 or DGCL
 stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of the Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of our Public Offering may be considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it
 including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation
 a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought
 and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders
 any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder&#8217;s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder
 and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. However
&#160;month from the closing of our Public Offering in the event we do not complete our Business Combination and
 therefore
 we do not intend to comply with those procedures.

 Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan
 based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the 10 years following our dissolution. However
 because we are a blank check company
 rather than an operating company
 and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire
 the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers
 investment bankers
 etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of the DGCL
 any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder&#8217;s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder
 and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such
 our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore
 if the pro rata portion of our Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our Business Combination within 24 months from the IPO Closing Date is not considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful
 then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL
 the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution
 instead of three years
 as in the case of a liquidation distribution.


 and thus may not be in compliance with Section&#160;211(b) of the DGCL
 which requires an annual meeting of stockholders be held for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with a company&#8217;s bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. Therefore
 if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to our consummation of a Business Combination
 they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section&#160;211(c) of the DGCL.


We are not registering the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time
tration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise Warrants
 thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its Warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such Warrants to expire worthless.

 under the terms of the Warrant agreement
 we have agreed
 as soon as practicable
 but in no event later than fifteen (15)&#160;business days after the closing of our Business Combination
 to use our best efforts to file a registration statement under the Securities Act covering such shares and maintain a current prospectus relating to the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants
 until the expiration of the Warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if
 for example
 any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in such registration statement or prospectus
 the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants are not registered under the Securities Act
 we will be required to permit holders to exercise their Warrants on a cashless basis. However
 no Warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis
 and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their Warrants
 unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder or an exemption is available. Notwithstanding the above
 if our Common Stock is at the time of any exercise of a Warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a &#8220;covered security&#8221; under Section&#160;18(b)(1) of the Securities Act
 we may
 at our option
 require holders of Warrants who exercise their Warrants to do so a &#8220;cashless basis&#8221; in accordance with Section&#160;3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and
 in the event we so elect
 we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement
 but we will use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any Warrant
 or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the Warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the Warrants under applicable state securities laws. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the Warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification
 the holder of such Warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such Warrant and such Warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event
 holders who acquired their Warrants as part of a purchase of Units will have paid the full Unit purchase price solely for the shares of Common Stock included in the Units. If and when the Warrants become redeemable by us
 we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying shares of Common Stock for sale under all applicable state securities laws.

 and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of Common Stock.

 our Initial Stockholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register their Founder Shares after those shares convert to shares of our Common Stock at the time of our Business Combination. In addition
 holders of our Private Placement Warrants and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the Private Placement Warrants and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants
 and holders of Warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register such Warrants or the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such Warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Common Stock. In addition
 the existence of the registration rights may make our Business Combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the stockholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Common Stock that is expected when the Common Stock owned by our Initial Stockholders
 holders of our Private Placement Warrants or holders of our working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered.

 you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business&#8217;s operations.
We may seek to complete a Business Combination with an operating company in any industry or sector
 but we will not
 under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
 be permitted to effectuate our Business Combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet executed or consummated any definitive agreements with any identified Business Combination target
 there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business&#8217;s operations
 results of operations
 cash flows
 liquidity
 financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our Business Combination
 we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example
 if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings
 we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business
 we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore
 some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those 


 favorable to stockholders than a direct investment
 if such opportunity were available
 in a Business Combination target. Accordingly
 to them
 or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the tender offer materials or proxy statement relating to the Business Combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission.


 our management&#8217;s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation
 and the information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K regarding the areas of our management&#8217;s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result
 our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly
 any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following our Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them
 or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the tender offer materials or proxy statement relating to the Business Combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission.

 we may enter into our Business Combination with a target business that does not meet such criteria and guidelines
 and as a result
 the target business with which we enter into our Business Combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines.

 it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our Business Combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our Business Combination with a target business that does not meet some or all of these guidelines
 such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition
 if we announce a prospective Business Combination with a target business that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines
 a greater number of stockholders may exercise their redemption rights
 which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition
 if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law
 or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons
 it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of our Business Combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our Business Combination
 our public stockholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per share on the liquidation of our Trust Account (or less than $10.00 per share in certain circumstances where a third-party brings a claim against us that The Gores Group is unable to indemnify) and our Warrants will expire worthless.


 we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include volatile revenues or earnings and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business
 we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore
 some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business.

 and consequently
 you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our Company from a financial point of view.

 we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA
 or from an independent accounting firm that the price we are paying is fair to our Company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained
 our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our Board
 who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials
 as applicable
 related to our Business Combination.




000
000 shares of Common Stock
 20
000
000 shares of Class F Common Stock and 1
000
000 shares of undesignated preferred stock
 par value $0.0001 per share. As of December 31
 2015
 there were 134
250
000 and 10
625
000 authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock and Class F Common Stock available
 respectively
 for issuance
 which amount takes into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants but not upon the conversion of the outstanding Class F Common Stock. Shares of Class F Common Stock are automatically convertible into shares of our Common Stock at the time of our Business Combination
 initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. As of December 31
 2015
 there were no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding.

 and may issue shares of preferred stock
 in order to complete our Business Combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our Business Combination. We may also issue shares of Common Stock upon conversion of the Class F Common Stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our Business Combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. However
 our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides
 among other things
 that prior to our Business Combination
 we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i)&#160;receive funds from the Trust Account or (ii)&#160;vote on our Business Combination. The issuance of additional shares of common or preferred stock:


























could cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of Common Stock are issued
 which may affect
 among other things
 our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards
 if any
 and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and








may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Units
 Common Stock and/or Warrants.

 which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our Business Combination
 our public stockholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per share on the liquidation of our Trust Account (or less than $10.00 per share in certain circumstances where a third-party brings a claim against us that The Gores Group is unable to indemnify) and our Warrants will expire worthless.

 drafting and execution of relevant agreements
 disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants
 attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific Business Combination
 the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore
 if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business
 we may fail to complete our Business Combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our Business Combination
 our public stockholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per share on the liquidation of our Trust Account (or less than $10.00 per share in certain circumstances where a third party brings a claim against us that The Gores Group is unable to indemnify)
 and our Warrants will expire worthless.


 at least until we have completed our Business Combination. In addition
 our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and
 accordingly
 will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities
 including identifying potential Business Combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. Moreover
 certain of our executive officers and directors have time and attention requirements for private investment funds of which The Gores Group is the investment manager. We do not have an employment agreement with
 or key-man insurance on the life of
 any of our directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us.


the efforts of our key personnel
 some of whom may join us following our Business Combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.

 however
 cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our Business Combination
 it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our Business Combination
 we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC
 which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements.

 may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular Business Combination is the most advantageous.

 we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our Business Combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential Business Combination. There is no certainty
 however
 that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our Business Combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our Business Combination.

 as a result
 may effect our Business Combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills
 qualifications or abilities to manage a public company.

 our ability to assess the target business&#8217;s management may be limited due to a lack of time
 resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target&#8217;s management
 therefore
 may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills
 qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target&#8217;s management not possess the skills
 qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company
 the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly
 any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them
 or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the tender offer materials or proxy statement relating to the Business Combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission.

 it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place.

Our executive officers and directors are not required to
 and will not
 commit their full time to our affairs
 which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a Business Combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our Business Combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. In particular
 certain of our executive officers and directors are employed by affiliates of The Gores Group
 which is the investment manager to various private 


 excess of their current commitment levels
 it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our Business Combination. 

 and all of them may in the future become
 affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and
 accordingly
 may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.

 we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our Sponsor and executive officers and directors are
 or may in the future become
 affiliated with entities that are engaged in a similar business. Moreover
 certain of our executive officers and directors have time and attention requirements for private investment funds of which The Gores Group is the investment manager.

 they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our Company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue.

 please see &#8220;Item 10. Director
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
&#8221; and Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence.&#8221;

 directors
 security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests.

 executive officers
 security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact
 we may enter into a Business Combination with a target business that is affiliated with our Sponsor
 our directors or executive officers
 although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly
 such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours.

 The Gores Group and affiliates of our Sponsor have invested in sectors as diverse as industrials
 technology
 telecommunications
 media and entertainment
 business services
 healthcare and consumer products. As a result
 there may be substantial overlap between companies that would be a suitable Business Combination for us and companies that would make an attractive target for such other affiliates.

 directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest.

 executive officers and directors with other entities
 we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our Sponsor
 executive officers and directors. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities
 including
 without limitation
 those described in &#8220;Item 10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance&#8221; herein. Such entities may compete with us for Business Combination opportunities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on
 or targeting
 any transaction with any affiliated entities
 we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a Business Combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA
 or from an independent accounting firm
&nbsp;&nbsp;regarding the fairness to our Company from a financial point of view of a Business Combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our executive officers
 directors or existing holders
 potential conflicts of interest still may exist and
 as a result
 the terms of the Business Combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest.


Since our Sponsor
 executive officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our Business Combination is not completed
 a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular Busi

375
000 Founder Shares
 representing 20.0% of the total outstanding shares upon completion of our Public Offering. The Founder Shares will be worthless if we do not complete our Business Combination. In addition
 our Sponsor holds an aggregate of 19
000
000 Private Placement Warrants that will also be worthless if we do not complete a Business Combination.

 except that (i)&#160;the Founder Shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions
 (ii)&#160;our Initial Stockholders
 officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us
 pursuant to which they have agreed (a)&#160;to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and public shares owned in connection with the completion of our Business Combination
 (b)&#160;to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their Founder Shares if we fail to complete our Business Combination within 24 months after the IPO Closing Date (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our Business Combination within such time period) and (iii)&#160;the Founder Shares are automatically convertible into shares of our Common Stock at the time of our Business Combination on a one-for-one basis
 subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights
 as described herein.

 completing a Business Combination and influencing the operation of the business following the Business Combination.

 executive officers and directors may not be reimbursed for their out-of-pocket expenses if our Business Combination is not completed
 a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular Business Combination target is appropriate for our Business Combination.

 our Sponsor
 executive officers and directors
 or any of their respective affiliates
 will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable Business Combinations. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf. These financial interests of our Sponsor
 executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target Business Combination and completing our Business Combination.

 or otherwise incur substantial debt
 to complete a Business Combination
 which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders&#8217; investment in us.

 or to otherwise incur outstanding debt
 we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our Business Combination. We have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right
 title
 interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the Trust Account. As such
 no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the Trust Account. Nevertheless
 the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects
 including:


























our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest
 if any
 if the debt security is payable on demand;


























using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt
 which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Common Stock if declared
 expenses
 capital expenditures
 acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;



















increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic
 industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and








limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses
 capital expenditures
 acquisitions
 debt service requirements
 execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt.

 which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability.

 2015
 the net proceeds from our Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants provided us with approximately $361
885
481 that we may use to complete our Business Combination (excluding $13
125
000 of Deferred Discount being held in the Trust Account).

 or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However
 we may not be able to effectuate our Business Combination with more than one target business because of various factors
 including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our Business Combination with only a single entity our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic
 competitive and regulatory risks. Further
 we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses
 unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly
 the prospects for our success may be:








solely dependent upon the performance of a single business
 property or asset
 or








dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products
 processes or services.

 competitive and regulatory risks
 any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our Business Combination.

 which may hinder our ability to complete our Business Combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability.

 we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations
 which may make it more difficult for us
 and delay our ability
 to complete our Business Combination. With multiple business combinations
 we could also face additional risks
 including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations
 if there are multiple sellers
 and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks
 it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations.

 which may result in a Business Combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected
 if at all.

 we may seek to effectuate our Business Combination with a privately held company. By definition
 very little public information exists about private companies
 and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential Business Combination on the basis of limited information
 which may result in a Business Combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected
 if at all.

 upon loss of control of a target business
 new management will possess the skills
 qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business.
We may structure a Business Combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business
 but we will only complete such a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50% 


or more of the voting securities of the target
 our stockholders prior to the Business Combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post Business Combination company
ombination transaction. For example
 we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares of Common Stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case
target. However
 as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares of Common Stock
on. In addition
 other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of our stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly
 this may make it more likely that our management will 


 except that we will not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5
000
001 (such that we are not subject to the SEC&#8217;s &#8220;penny stock&#8221; rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our Business Combination. As a result
 we may be able to complete our Business Combination even though a substantial majority of our public stockholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or
 if we seek stockholder approval of our Business Combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules
 have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our Sponsor
 officers
 directors
 advisors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Common Stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed Business Combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us
 we will not complete the Business Combination or redeem any shares
 all shares of Common Stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof
 and we instead may search for an alternate Business Combination.

 and
 accordingly
 the Warrants are more likely to expire worthless.

 with regard to units offered by blank check companies
 the exercise price of a warrant was generally a fraction of the purchase price of the units in the initial public offering. The exercise price for our Warrants is $5.75 per half share
 or $11.50 per whole share
 subject to adjustment as provided herein. As a result
 the Warrants are less likely to ever be in the money and more likely to expire worthless.

 blank check companies have
 in the recent past
 amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our Business Combination that our stockholders may not support.

 blank check companies have
 in the recent past
 amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments. For example
 blank check companies have amended the definition of Business Combination
 increased redemption thresholds and changed industry focus. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter or governing instruments in order to effectuate our Business Combination.

 which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us
 therefore
 to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to facilitate the completion of our Business Combination that some of our stockholders may not support.
Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions
 including those which relate to a company&#8217;s pre-business combination activity
 without approval by a certain percentage of the company&#8217;s stockholders. In those companies
 amendment of these provisions requires approval by between 90% and 100% of the company&#8217;s public stockholders. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that any of its provisions
 including those related to pre-Business Combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants into the Trust Account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances
 and to provide redemption rights to public stockholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by holders of 65% of our Capital Stock
 and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account may be amended if approved by holders of 65% of our Capital Stock. In all other instances
 our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that it may be amended by holders of a majority of our Capital Stock
 subject to applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock 


exchange rules. Our Initial Stockholders
e in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result
of incorporation which will govern our pre-Business Combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies
 and this may increase our ability to complete a Business Combination with which you do not agree. Our stockholders may pursue remedi

 which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular Business Combination.

 because we have not yet identified any target business
 we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of our Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants prove to be insufficient
 either because of the size of our Business Combination
 the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business
 the obligation to repurchase for cash a significant number of shares from stockholders who elect redemption in connection with our Business Combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our Business Combination
 we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed Business Combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms
 if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our Business Combination
 we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular Business Combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. In addition
 even if we do not need additional financing to complete our Business Combination
 we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers
 directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our Business Combination. If we are unable to complete our Business Combination
 our public stockholders may only receive approximately $10.00 per share on the liquidation of the Trust Account (or less than $10.00 per share in certain circumstances where a third-party brings a claim against us that The Gores Group is unable to indemnify)
 and our Warrants will expire worthless.

 potentially in a manner that you do not support.

 they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote
 potentially in a manner that you do not support
 including amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of major corporate transactions. If our Initial Stockholders purchase any additional shares of Common Stock in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions
 this would increase their influence.

 to our knowledge
 any of our officers or directors
 have any current intention to purchase additional securities. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Common Stock. In addition
 our Board
 whose members were elected by our Sponsor
 is and will be divided into two classes
 each of which will generally serve for a term of two years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our Business Combination
 in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the Business Combination. If there is an annual meeting
 as a consequence of our &#8220;staggered&#8221; Board
 only a minority of the Board will be considered for election and our Initial Stockholders
 because of their ownership position
 will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly
 our Initial Stockholders will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our Business Combination.


 as warrant agent
 and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the Warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision
 but requires the approval by the holders of at least 65% of the then outstanding public Warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. Accordingly
 we may amend the terms of the Warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 65% of the then outstanding public Warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the Warrants with the consent of at least 65% of the then outstanding public Warrants is unlimited
 examples of such amendments could be amendments to
 among other things
 increase the exercise price of the Warrants
 shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable upon exercise of a Warrant.


We may redeem your unexpired Warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you
 thereby

 at a price of $0.01 per Warrant
 provided that the last reported sales price of Common Stock equals or exceeds $24.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date we send the notice of redemption to the Warrant holders. If and when the Warrants become redeemable by us
 we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding Warrants could force you (i) to exercise your Warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so
 (ii) to sell your Warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your Warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which
 at the time the outstanding Warrants are called for redemption
 is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your Warrants. None of the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by their initial purchasers or their permitted transferees.


750
000 shares of our Common Stock in the Public Offering and prior to our Public Offering
 we issued Private Placement Warrants to our Sponsor to purchase 9
500
000 shares of our Common Stock. To the extent we issue shares of Common Stock to effectuate a business transaction
 the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares of Common Stock upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants
 when exercised
 will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of our Common Stock and reduce the value of the shares of our Common Stock issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore
 our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business.

 so long as they are held by our Sponsor or its permitted transferees
 (i) they will not be redeemable by us
 (ii) they (including the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not
 subject to certain limited exceptions
 be transferred
 assigned or sold by our Sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our Business Combination and (iii) they may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis.

 the Units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies.

 upon exercise of the Warrants
 a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share
 we will
 upon exercise
 round down to the nearest whole number the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to the Warrant holder. As a result
 Warrant holders who did not purchase an even number of Warrants must sell any odd number of Warrants in order to obtain full value from the fractional interest that will not be issued. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one share of common stock and one warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the Units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the Warrants upon completion of a Business Combination since the Warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for half of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a warrant to purchase one whole share
 thus making us
 we believe
 a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless
 this unit structure may cause our Units to be worth less than if it included a warrant to purchase one whole share.

 we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous business combination with some prospective target businesses.

 whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with
 or be reconciled to U.S. GAAP or IFRS
 depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (&#8220;PCAOB&#8221;). These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our Business Combination within the prescribed time frame.


hin the meaning of the Securities Act
 and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies
 this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare

 as modified by the JOBS Act
 and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including
 but not limited to
 not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements
 and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result
 our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years
 although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier
 including if the market value of Common Stock held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of any June 30 before that time
 in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions
 the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be
 there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile.

 Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is
 those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies
 we
 as an emerging growth company
 can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accountant standards used.

 require substantial financial and management resources
 and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition.

 2016. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further
 for as long as we remain an emerging growth company
 we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our Business Combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition.

 which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our&nbsp;&nbsp;Common Stock and could entrench management.

 which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities.

 which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities.


If we effect our Business Combination with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States
 we would be subject to a variety of addi

 we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting
 including any of the following:







































































tax issues
 such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States;





















































crime
 strikes
 riots
 civil disturbances
 terrorist attacks and wars; and










 our operations might suffer
 which may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.










 Beverly Hills
 California 90212. The cost for this space is included in the $10
000 per month fee that we pay The Gores Group for office space
 utilities and secretarial support. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations.










 nor
 to our knowledge
 is any material legal proceeding threatened against us or any of our officers or directors in their corporate capacity.





















MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#8217;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES








 2015. On October 18
 2015
 we announced that holders of our Units could elect to separately trade the Common Stock and Warrants included in the Units
 or continue to trade the Units without separating them. On October 19
 2015
 the Common Stock and Warrants began trading on NASDAQ under the symbols &#8220;GRSH&#8221; and &#8220;GRSHW
&#8221; respectively. Each Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one-half of one share of Common Stock at a price of $5.75 per half share
 subject to adjustment as described in our final prospectus dated August 13
 2015 related to the Public Offering which was filed with the SEC. Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares of Common Stock and will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of our Business Combination or 12 months from the IPO Closing Date. Our Warrants expire five years after the completion of our Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation as described in &#8220;Item 1. Business.&#8221;

 for the calendar quarter indicated
 the high and low sales prices per Unit
 Common Stock and Warrants as reported on the NASDAQ for the period from August 14
 2015 (the first day on which our Units began trading) through December 31
 2015
 and our Common Stock and Warrants for the period from October 19
 2015 (the first day on which our Common Stock and Warrants began trading separately) through December 31
 2015.




























 2015:








































 2015 (1)




















































 2015 (2)


























































 2015 with respect to GRSHU







 2015 with respect to GRSH and GRSHW








 2016
 there was one holder of record of our Units
 one holder of record of our separately traded shares of Common Stock and two holders of record of our separately traded Warrants.








 if any
 capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our Business Combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our Business Combination will be within the discretion of our Board at such time. In addition
 our Board is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further
 if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our Business Combination
 our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith.


















 2015 (the first day on which our Units began trading) through December 31
 2015 with the comparable cumulative return of three indices: the S&amp;P 500 Index (&#8220;S&amp;P 500&#8221;)
 the Dow Jones Industrial Average Index (&#8220;DJIA&#8221;) and NASDAQ. The graph assumes $100 invested on August 14
 2015 in our Units and $100 invested at that same time in each of the three indices presented.












 2015
 our Sponsor purchased 11
500
000 Founder Shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25
000
 or approximately $0.002 per share. Subsequently
 our Sponsor transferred an aggregate of 50
000 Founder Shares to our independent directors. On August 13
 2015
 our Sponsor forfeited 1
437
500 Founder Shares
 and following the expiration of the underwriters&#8217; remaining over-allotment option
 our Sponsor forfeited an additional 687
500 Founder Shares
 so that the remaining Founder Shares held by the Initial Stockholders would represent 20.0% of the outstanding shares of Capital Stock following the completion of our Public Offering. Our Public Offering was consummated on August 19
 2015.

 we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 19
000
000 Private Placement Warrants to our Sponsor at a price of $0.50 per Private Placement Warrant
 generating total proceeds
 before expenses
 of $9
500
000. The Private Placement Warrants are substantially similar to the Warrants underlying the Units issued in our Public Offering
 except that the Private Placement Warrants may be net cash settled and are not redeemable so long as they are held by our Sponsor or its permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than our Sponsor or its permitted transferees
 the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the Warrants.

 in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as transactions by an issuer not involving a public offering.


 2015
 our registration statement on Form S-1 (File No.&#160;333-205734) was declared effective by the SEC for the Public Offering pursuant to which we sold an aggregate of 37
500
000 Units at an offering price to the public of $10.00 per Unit
 including 2
500
000 Units as a result of the underwriters&#8217; partial exercise of their over-allotment option
 generating gross proceeds of $375
000
000. 


After deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions (excluding the Deferred Discount
ill be payable upon the consummation of our Business Combination
 if consummated) and the estimated offering expenses
 the total net proceeds from our Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were $376
100
000
 of which $375
000
000 (

 2015
 we incurred approximately $8
282
117 for costs and expenses related to the Public Offering. At the closing of the Public Offering
 we paid a total of $7
500
000 in underwriting discounts and commissions. In addition
 the underwriters agreed to defer $13
125
000 in underwriting commissions
 which amount will be payable upon consummation of our Business Combination
 if consummated. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our Public Offering as described in our final prospectus dated August 13
 2015 which was filed with the SEC.

 executive officers and directors have agreed
 and our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides
 that we will have only 24 months from the IPO Closing Date to complete our Business Combination. If we are unable to complete our Business Combination within such 24-month period
 we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up
 (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter
 redeem the public shares
 at a per-share price
 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in our Trust Account
 including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable
 and less up to $50
000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares
 which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders&#8217; rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions
 if any)
 subject to applicable law
 and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption
 subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our Board
 dissolve and liquidate
 subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.

 2015
 after giving effect to our Public Offering and our operations subsequent thereto
 approximately $375
010
481 was held in the Trust Account
 and we had approximately $790
000 of unrestricted cash available to us for our activities in connection with identifying and conducting due diligence of a suitable Business Combination
 and for general corporate matters.










 and the notes and schedules related thereto
 which are included in &#8220;Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data&#8221; of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.








from June 1
December 31
 2015




















207






 other than income tax




917










124










205 










919

















856
156 






















125
000 shares of Class F common stock. See Note 4. 













December 31











484












060
265












412
301














647
960












000
004












635 in cash held outside of the Trust Account
 plus $259
149 of other assets
 less $287
301 of current liabilities.







010
481 held in trust from the proceeds of the Public Offering
 plus $790
635 in cash held outside of the Trust Account
 plus $259
149 of other assets. 







764
796 shares of Common Stock subject to possible redemption in connection with an initial Business Combination (at a redemption value of $10.00 per share). 

 2015
 the total assets amount includes $375
010
481 being held in the Trust Account
 $361
885
481of which is available to us for the purposes of consummating a Business Combination within the time period described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (with $13
125
000 in deferred underwriting fees payable upon consummation of a Business Combination) and the remaining $790
635 being available to us for general working capital purposes. If a Business Combination is not so consummated
 we will be dissolved and the proceeds held in the Trust Account will be distributed solely to our public stockholders (less up to $50
000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses (which interest shall be net of taxes payable)).

 we will offer holders of our public shares the right to have their public shares redeemed (subject to the limitations described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K) regardless of whether such stockholder votes for or against such proposed Business Combination. We will close a Business Combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5
000
001 upon such closing and
 solely if we seek stockholder approval
 a majority of the outstanding shares of Capital Stock voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. Accordingly
 public stockholders owning 35
764
796 shares sold in the Public Offering may exercise their redemption rights at an initial per share price of $10.00 (not taking into account interest earned on the Trust Account
 net of taxes payable) and we could still close a proposed Business Combination so long as a majority of the shares voted at the meeting are voted in favor of the proposed Business Combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 a public stockholder
 together with any affiliate of his or any other person with whom he is acting in concert or as a &#8220;group&#8221; will be restricted from seeking conversion rights with respect to more than 15% of the public shares. Generally
 in this context
 a stockholder will be deemed to be acting in concert or as a group with another stockholder when such stockholders agree to act together for the purpose of acquiring
 voting
 holding or disposing of our equity securities.












 including those set forth under &#8220;Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
&#8221; &#8220;Item 1A. Risk Factors&#8221; and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.


 2015 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a Business Combination with one or more target businesses. We have reviewed
 and continue to review
 a number of opportunities to enter into a Business Combination with an operating business
 but we are not able to determine at this time whether we will complete a Business Combination with any of the target businesses that we have reviewed or with any other target business. We intend to effectuate our Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of our Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants
 our capital stock
 debt
 or a combination of cash
 stock and debt.

&#8221; at December 31
 2015
 we had approximately $790
000 in cash and deferred offering costs of $13
125
000. Further
 we expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete our Business Combination will be successful.


 2015 to December 31
 2015
 we had a net loss of $469
919. Our business activities from June 1
 2015 to December 31
 2015 consisted solely of organizational activities and activities relating to our Public Offering and the identification of a target company for our Business Combination. Subsequent to December 31
 2015
 our activities mainly consisted of identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates for a Business Combination. We believe that we have sufficient funds available to complete our efforts to effect a Business Combination with an operating business by August 19
 2017. However
 if our estimates of the costs of identifying a target business
 undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so
 we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our Business Combination.

 at December 31
 2015
 we had approximately $790
000 in cash and deferred offering costs of $13
125
000. Further
 we expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete our Business Combination will be successful.


 our Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 11
500
000 Founder Shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25
000
 or approximately $0.002 per share. Subsequently
 our Sponsor transferred an aggregate of 50
000 Founder Shares to each of our independent directors.&#160;Immediately prior to the Public Offering
 our Sponsor forfeited 1
437
500 Founder Shares
 and following the expiration of the unexercised portion of the underwriters&#8217; over-allotment option
 our Sponsor forfeited an additional 687
500 Founder Shares
 so that the remaining Founder Shares held by our Initial Stockholders represented 20.0% of the outstanding shares upon completion of our Public Offering. On August&#160;19
 2015
 we consummated our Public Offering of 37
500
000 Units at a price of $10.00 per Unit
 including 2
500
000 Units as a result of the underwriters&#8217; partial exercise of their over-allotment option
 generating gross proceeds of $375
000
000.&nbsp;&nbsp;Prior to the IPO Closing Date
 we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 19
000
000 Private Placement Warrants
 each exercisable to purchase one-half of one share of Common Stock at $5.75 per half share
 to our Sponsor
 at a price of $0.50 per Private Placement Warrant
 generating gross proceeds
 before expenses
 of $9
500
000. After deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions (excluding the Deferred Discount
 which amount will be payable upon consummation of the Business Combination
 if consummated) and the estimated offering expenses
 the total net proceeds from our Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were $376
100
000
 of which $375
000
000 (or $10.00 per share sold in the Public Offering) was placed in the Trust Account. The amount of proceeds not deposited in the Trust Account was $1
100
000 at the closing of our Public Offering. In addition
 interest income on the funds held in the Trust Account may be released to us to pay our franchise and income tax obligations. As of December 31
 2015
 the Trust Account consisted solely of money market funds.
On June&#160;12
 2015
 our Sponsor loaned us an aggregate of $150
000 by the issuance of an unsecured promissory note for $150
000 to cover expenses related to the Public Offering
 and on August&#160;6
 2015
 our Sponsor loaned us an additional $150
000 by the issuance of a second unsecured promissory note for $150
000 to cover expenses related to the Public Offering. These Notes were non-interest 


bearing and payable on the earlier of December&#160;31
 2015 or the completion of the Public Offe

 2015
 we had cash held outside of the Trust Account of approximately $790
000
 which is available to fund our working capital requirements. 

 2015
 the Company had current liabilities of $287
301 and working capital of $762
484 largely due to amounts owed to professionals
 consultants
 advisors and others who are working on seeking a Business Combination. Such work is continuing after December 31
 2015 and amounts are continuing to accrue. 

 including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) to consummate our Business Combination. Moreover
 we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete a Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of shares of our Common Stock upon completion of a Business Combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used
 in whole or in part
 as consideration to consummate our Business Combination
 the remaining proceeds held in our Trust Account
 if any
 will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses
 make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategy.


 assets or liabilities which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships
 often referred to as variable interest entities
 which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements.

 established any special purpose entities
 guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities
 or entered into any non-financial agreements involving assets.


 capital lease obligations
 operating lease obligations
 purchase obligations or long-term liabilities other than an administrative services agreement to pay monthly recurring expenses of $10
000 to The Gores Group for office space
 utilities and secretarial support. The administrative services agreement terminates upon the earlier of the completion of a Business Combination or the liquidation of the Company.

 of which 2.0% ($7
500
000) was paid at the closing of the Public Offering
 and 3.5% ($13
125
000) was deferred. The Deferred Discount will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination
 subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. The underwriters are not entitled to any interest accrued on the Deferred Discount.


 disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following as our critical accounting policies:


 at December 31
 2015
 offering costs totaling approximately $21
407
116 (including $20
625
000 in underwriters&#8217; fees) have been charged to stockholders&#8217; equity.

All of the 37
500
000 shares of Common Stock sold as part of the Units in our Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such shares in connection with our liquidation
 if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with our Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to our charter. In accordance with ASC 480
 &#8220;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity&#8221; (&#8220;ASC 480&#8221;)
 redemption provisions not solely within our control require Common Stock 


 to be classified outside of permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation events
 which involve the redemption and liquidation of all of the entity&#8217;s equity instruments
n threshold
 in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets (stockholders&#8217; equity) to be less than $5
000
001.


 at December 31
 2015
 35
764
796 of the 37
500
000 public shares are classified outside of permanent equity at their redemption value.


 plus to the extent dilutive the incremental number of shares of Common Stock to be issued in connection with the conversion of the Class F Common Stock or to settle Warrants
 as calculated using the treasury stock method. At December 31
 2015
 we did not have any dilutive securities or other contracts that could
 potentially
 be exercised or converted into Common Stock and then share in our earnings under the treasury stock method. As a result
 diluted net loss per common share is the same as basic net loss per common share for the period.


 based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established
 when necessary
 to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.


 which eliminated certain financial reporting requirements of companies previously identified as &#8220;Development Stage Entities&#8221; (Topic 915). The amendments in ASU No. 2014-10 simplify the accounting guidance by removing all incremental financial reporting requirements for development stage entities. The amendments also reduce data maintenance and
 for those entities subject to audit
 audit costs
 by eliminating the requirement for development stage entities to present inception-to-date information in the statements of operations
 cash flows and stockholders&#8217; equity. The adoption of ASU No. 2014-10 did not have a significant impact on the financial statements. 

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17
The amendments under the new guidance require that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. The guidance is effective for consolidated financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within those annual periods. Earlier application is permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The amendments in this ASU may be applied either prospectively to all deferred tax liabilities and assets or retrospectively to all periods presented. The Company has early adopted this guidance effective December 31
 2015 on a retrospective basis
 the impact of which was not significant to the financial statements.

 which provided guidance on management&#8217;s responsibility in evaluating whether there is substantial doubt about a company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the date the financial statements are issued and to provide related footnote disclosures.

 2015
 the Company&#8217;s financial statements have been presented to conform to the reporting and disclosure requirements of the above standards.









Market risk is a broad term for the risk of economic loss due to adverse changes in the fair value of a financial instrument. These changes may be the result of various factors
 including interest rates
 foreign exchange rates
 commodity prices and/or equity prices. Our business activities from June 1
 2015 to December 31
 2015 consisted solely of organizational activities and activities relating to our Public Offering and the identification of a target company for our Business Combination. As of December 31
 2015
 $375
010
481 


es of consummating our Business Combination. As of such date
Due to the short-term nature of the money market fund&#8217;s investments
 we do not believe that there will be an associated material exposur

 2015. We do not expect to engage in any hedging activities with respect to the market risk to which we are exposed.



























































Balance Sheet as of December 31
 2015















Statement of Operations For the Period Ended December 31
 2015















Statement of Changes In Stockholders&#8217; Equity For the Period Ended December 31
 2015















Statement of Cash Flows For the Period Ended December 31
 2015




























 Inc.:

 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) as of December&#160;31
 2015
 and the related statements of operations
 changes in stockholders&#8217; equity
 and cash flows for the period from June 1
 2015 (inception) through December 31
 2015. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&#8217;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.

 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Gores Holdings
 Inc. as of December&#160;31
 2015
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period from June 1
 2015 (inception) through December 31
 2015
 in conformity with U.S.&#160;generally accepted accounting principles.


 California

 2016


























GORES HOLDINGS
 INC.


 2015















































635












149












049
785
























010
481
























060
265




























































384
























917












301




































125
000
























412
301


















764
796 shares at December 31
 2015 (at redemption







647
960






























 $0.0001 par value; 1
000
000 shares authorized
 none issued or outstanding












 $0.0001 par value; 200
000
000 shares authorized
 1
735
204 shares issued and 

764
796 subject to possible redemption)












 $0.0001 par value; 20
000
000 shares authorized
 9
375
000 shares issued and



















468
811












919












000
004












060
265











Reflects the forfeiture of 2
125
000 shares of Class F common stock. See Note 4.






GORES HOLDINGS
 INC.












 2015


 2015
























207






 other than income tax






917












124












205












919


















 basic and diluted






856
156


















 basic and diluted

















Reflects the forfeiture of 2
125
000 shares of Class F common stock. See Note 4.





GORES HOLDINGS
 INC.


 2015 (inception) to December 31
 2015







































































 2015 (inception)



















































375
000
















062
















000






500
000 units at $10.00 per unit on

 2015






500
000








750








996
250
















000
000






000
000 Private Placement

 2015 at























500
000
















500
000





























282
117
















282
117




























125
000
















125
000







789
907 shares at







789
907








579








895
491
















899
070







764
796 shares at







111
















107
















110




































919








919






 2015






110
204








112








468
811








919








000
004












125
000 shares of Class F common stock. See Note 4.





GORES HOLDINGS
 INC.


 2015 (inception) to December 31
 2015
























919












149












917






 formation and offering costs






384
























767




































000
000












481
























010
481




































000












000












000
000












500
000












000












500
000












117
























242
883
























635




































635




































125
000






















GORES HOLDINGS
 INC.












 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) was incorporated in Delaware on June 1
 2015. The Company was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger
 capital stock exchange
 asset acquisition
 stock purchase
 reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the &#8220;Business Combination&#8221;). The Company has neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenue to date. The Company&#8217;s management has broad discretion with respect to the Business Combination. The Company&#8217;s Sponsor is Gores Sponsor LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company (the &#8220;Sponsor&#8221;). The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year-end.

 2015
 the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from June 1
 2015 (inception) through December 31
 2015 relates to the Company&#8217;s formation
 initial public offering (&#8220;Public Offering&#8221;) described below and efforts directed toward locating a suitable Business Combination. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its Business Combination
 at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds derived from the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants (as defined below) held in the Trust Account (as defined below).


000
000 Public Offering and its sale of $9
500
000 of Private Placement Warrants.

 an aggregate of $375
000
000 was placed in a Trust Account with Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company (the &#8220;Trust Account&#8221;) acting as Trustee.


 2015 the Trust Account consisted solely of money market funds.

 other than the withdrawal of interest to pay taxes
 if any
 none of the funds held in trust will be released until the earlier of: (i) the completion of the Business Combination; or (ii) the redemption of any public shares of common stock properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company&#8217;s amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of the Company&#8217;s obligation to redeem 100% of such public shares of common stock if the Company does not complete the Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering; or (iii) the redemption of 100% of the public shares of common stock if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering
 subject to the requirements of law and stock exchange rules.


 although substantially all of the net proceeds of the Public Offering are intended to be generally applied toward consummating a Business Combination. The Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the Trust Account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest income earned) at the time of the Company signing a definitive agreement in connection with the Business Combination. Furthermore
 there is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination.
The Company
 after signing a definitive agreement for a Business Combination
 will either (i)&#160;seek stockholder approval of the Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose in connection with which stockholders may seek to redeem their shares
 regardless of whether they vote for or against the Business Combination
 for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Business Combination
 including interest income but less taxes payable
 or (ii)&#160;provide stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to the Company by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount in cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Business Combination
 including interest income but less taxes payable. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of the 


Business Combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares in a tender offer will be made by the Company
 solely in its discretion
ansaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require the Company to seek stockholder approval
 unless a vote is required by law or under NASDAQ rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval
n only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. Currently
han $5
000
001. In such case
 the Company would not proceed with the redemption of its public shares of common stock and the related Business Combination
 and instead may search for an alternate Business Combination.

 the public shares of common stock have been recorded at redemption amount and classified as temporary equity
 in accordance with ASC 480
 &#8220;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity&#8221; (&#8220;ASC 480&#8221;).

 it shall (i)&#160;cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up; (ii)&#160;as promptly as reasonably possible
 but not more than ten business days thereafter
 redeem the public shares of&nbsp;&nbsp;common stock for a per share pro rata portion of the Trust Account
 including interest income
 but less taxes payable (less up to $50
000 of such net interest income to pay dissolution expenses) and (iii)&#160;as promptly as possible following such redemption
 dissolve and liquidate the balance of the Company&#8217;s net assets to its remaining stockholders
 as part of its plan of dissolution and liquidation. The Sponsor and the Company&#8217;s officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with the Company
 pursuant to which they waived their rights to participate in any redemption with respect to their Founder Shares (as defined below); however
 if the Sponsor or any of the Company&#8217;s officers
 directors or affiliates acquire public shares of common stock
 they will be entitled to a pro rata share of the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the required time period.

 it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be less than the initial public offering price per Unit in the Public Offering.


 those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies
 the Company
 as an emerging growth company
 can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard.











 and reflect all adjustments
 consisting only of normal recurring adjustments
 which are
 in the opinion of management
 necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position as of December 31
 2015 and the results of operations and cash flows for the period presented.


 plus to the extent dilutive the incremental number of shares of common stock to be issued in connection with the conversion of Class F common stock or to settle warrants
 as calculated using the treasury stock method. At December 31
 2015
 the Company did not have any dilutive securities or other contracts that could
 potentially
 be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company under the treasury stock method. As a result
 diluted net loss per common share is the same as basic net loss per common share for the period.

Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution as well as the Trust Account
 which at times
 may exceed the Federal depository insurance coverage of $250
000. The 





 which qualify as financial instruments under ASC 820
 &#8220;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
&#8221; approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet.


 at December 31
 2015
 offering costs totaling approximately $21
407
116 (including $20
625
000 in underwriters&#8217; fees) have been charged to stockholders&#8217; equity.


 all of the 37
500
000 common shares sold as part of the units in the Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such public shares in connection with the Company&#8217;s liquidation
 if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company&#8217;s charter. In accordance with ASC 480
 redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require Common Stock subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation events
 which involve the redemption and liquidation of all of the entity&#8217;s equity instruments
 are excluded from the provisions of ASC 480. Although the Company did not specify a maximum redemption threshold
 its charter provides that currently
 the Company will not redeem its public shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets (stockholders&#8217; equity) to be less than $5
000
001.


 at December 31
 2015
 35
764
796 of the 37
500
000 public shares are classified outside of permanent equity at its redemption value.




 &#8220;Income Taxes.&#8221; Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established
 when necessary
 to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.

 a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax liabilities as income tax expense. No amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties at December 31
 2015.

 states or foreign jurisdiction authorities in the areas of income taxes. These potential examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions
 the nexus of income amounts various tax jurisdictions and compliance with U.S. federal
 states or foreign tax laws.





 and periodically throughout the year
 the Company has maintained balances in various operating accounts in excess of federally insured limits.


010
481 in the Trust Account which may be utilized for Business Combinations. At December 31
 2015 the Trust Account consisted of solely money market funds.

 other than the withdrawal of interest to pay taxes
 if any
 none of the funds held in trust will be released until the earlier of: (i) the completion of the Business Combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares of common stock properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company&#8217;s amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of the Company&#8217;s obligation to redeem 100% of such public shares of common stock if the Company does not complete the Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering; or (iii) the redemption of 100% of the public shares of common stock if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering
 subject to the requirements of law and stock exchange rules.


 which eliminated certain financial reporting requirements of companies previously identified as &#8220;Development Stage Entities&#8221; (Topic 915). The amendments in ASU No. 2014-10 simplify the accounting guidance by removing all incremental financial reporting requirements for development stage entities. The amendments also reduce data maintenance and
 for those entities subject to audit
 audit costs
 by eliminating the requirement for development stage entities to present inception-to-date information in the statements of operations
 cash flows and stockholders&#8217; equity. The adoption of ASU No. 2014-10 did not have a significant impact on the financial statements.

 which provided guidance on management&#8217;s responsibility in evaluating whether there is substantial doubt about a company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the date the financial statements are issued and to provide related footnote disclosures. The adoption of this guidance did not have a significant impact on the financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17
The amendments under the new guidance require that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. The guidance is effective for consolidated financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within those annual periods. Earlier application is permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The amendments in this ASU may be applied either prospectively to all deferred tax liabilities and assets or retrospectively to all periods presented. The Company has early adopted this guidance effective December 31
 2015 on a retrospective basis
 the impact of which was not significant to the financial statements.

If the Company does not complete its Business Combination by August 19
 2017
 the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up
 (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter
 redeem 100% of the common stock sold as part of the units in the Public Offering
 at a per-share price
 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account
 including interest (which interest shall be net of franchise and income taxes payable and less up to $50
000 of such net interest which may be distributed to the Company to pay dissolution expenses)
 divided by the number of then outstanding public shares
 which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders&#8217; rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions
 if any)
 subject to applicable law
 and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption
 subject to the approval of the Company&#8217;s remaining stockholders and the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors
 


dissolve and liquidate
 subject in each case to the Company&#8217;s obligations under Delaware law

 it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be less than the initial public offering price per unit in the Public Offering. In addition if the Company fails to complete its Business Combination by August 19
 2017
 there will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the warrants
 which will expire worthless.

 at December 31
 2015
 the Company had current liabilities of $287
301 and working capital of $762
484 largely due to amounts owed to professionals
 consultants
 advisors and others who are working on seeking a Business Combination described in Note 1. Such work is continuing after December 31
 2015 and amounts are continuing to accrue.











 2015
 the Company sold 37
500
000 units at a price of $10.00 per unit (the &#8220;Units&#8221;)
 including 2
500
000 Units as a result of the underwriters&#8217; partial exercise of their over-allotment option
 generating gross proceeds of $375
000
000. Each Unit consists of one share of the Company&#8217;s Class A common stock
 $0.0001 par value
 and one redeemable Class A common stock purchase warrant (the &#8220;Warrants&#8221;).&#160;Each Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one-half of one share of Class A common stock for $5.75 per half share.&#160;Each Warrant will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of the Business Combination or 12 months from the closing of the Public Offering and will expire five years after the completion of the Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.&#160;However
 if the Company does not complete the Business Combination on or prior to the 24-month period allotted to complete the Business Combination
 the Warrants will expire at the end of such period.&#160;The Warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer&#160;&amp; Trust Company
 as warrant agent
 and the Company. The Company did not register the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &#8220;Securities Act&#8221;) or any state securities law. Under the terms of the warrant agreement
 the Company has agreed to use its best efforts to file a registration statement under the Securities Act following the completion of the Business Combination covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

500
000) of the per Unit offering price to the underwriters at the closing of the Public Offering
 with an additional fee (the &#8220;Deferred Discount&#8221;) of 3.50% of the per Unit offering price payable upon the Company&#8217;s completion of a Business Combination. The Deferred Discount will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event the Company completes its Business Combination.











 2015
 the Sponsor purchased 11
500
000 shares of Class F common stock (the &#8220;Founder Shares&#8221;) for an aggregate purchase price of $25
000
 or approximately $0.002 per share. Subsequently
 the Sponsor transferred an aggregate of 50
000 Founder Shares to the Company&#8217;s independent directors (together with the Sponsor
 the &#8220;Initial Stockholders&#8221;). On August 13
 2015
 the Sponsor forfeited 1
437
500 Founder Shares
 and following the expiration of the unexercised portion of underwriters&#8217; over-allotment option
 the Sponsor forfeited an additional 687
500 Founder Shares
 so that the Founder Shares held by the Initial Stockholders would represent 20.0% of the outstanding shares of common stock following completion of the Public Offering. Such forfeitures were retroactively applied as indicated in the condensed statement of changes in stockholders&#8217; equity to reflect an initial sale of 9
375
000 Founder Shares to the Sponsor in June 2015. The Founder Shares are identical to the common stock included in the Units sold in the Public Offering except that the Founder Shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of the Business Combination on a one-for-one basis
 subject to adjustment as described in the Company&#8217;s amended and restated certificate of incorporation.


000
000 warrants at a price of $0.50 per warrant (a purchase price of $9
500
000) in a private placement that occurred prior to the Public Offering (the &#8220;Private Placement Warrants&#8221;). Each Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one-half of one share of Class A common stock at $5.75 per half share. A portion of the purchase price of the Private Placement Warrants was added to the proceeds from the Public Offering to be held in the Trust Account pending completion of the Business Combination.


nd provisions that are identical to those of the Warrants sold as part of the Units in the Public Offering
 except that the Private Placement Warrants may be net cash settled and are not redeemable so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted t

 then the Private Placement Warrants proceeds will be part of the liquidation distribution to the public stockholders and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless.


 Private Placement Warrants and warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans
 if any
 have registration rights (in the case of the Founder Shares
 only after conversion of such shares to common shares) pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered into by the Company
 the Sponsor and the other security holders named therein on August&#160;13
 2015. These holders will also have certain demand and &#8220;piggy back&#8221; registration rights. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.


 2015
 the Sponsor loaned the Company an aggregate of $150
000 by the issuance of an unsecured promissory note for $150
000 to cover expenses related to the Public Offering
 and on August&#160;6
 2015
 the Sponsor loaned the Company an additional $150
000 by the issuance of a second unsecured promissory note for $150
000 to cover expenses related to the Public Offering. These Notes were non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of December&#160;31
 2015 or the completion of the Public Offering. These Notes were repaid in full upon the completion of the Public Offering.


 2015
 pursuant to which it agreed to pay to an affiliate of the Sponsor $10
000 a month for office space
 utilities and secretarial support. Services commenced on the date the securities were first listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market and will terminate upon the earlier of the consummation by the Company of a Business Combination or the liquidation of the Company. For the period from June 1
 2015 (inception) to December 31
 2015
 the Company paid an affiliate of the Sponsor $45
000 for such services.










125
000 or 3.50% of the gross offering proceeds of the Public Offering
 to the underwriters upon the Company&#8217;s consummation of a Business Combination. The underwriters are not entitled to any interest accrued on the Deferred Discount
 and no Deferred Discount is payable to the underwriters if there is no Business Combination.










 2015 are as follows:












569












569
















569 as of December 31
 2015
 which fully offsets the deferred tax asset as of December 31
 2015 of approximately $178
569. The deferred tax asset results from applying an effective combined federal and state tax rate of 38% to net operating loss of approximately $469
919 as of December 31
 2015. The Company&#8217;s net operating losses will expire beginning 2035.

 2015. As of December&#160;31
 2015
 the Company has no accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments
 accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company&#8217;s conclusions regarding tax positions will be subject to review and may be adjusted at a later date based on factors including
 but not limited to
 ongoing analyses of tax laws
 regulations
 and interpretations thereof.












 2015 investment securities in the Company&#8217;s Trust Account consist of $375
010
481 in a money market fund.










 Fair Value Measurements
 for its financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at each reporting period

 the exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.

 2015
 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation techniques the Company utilized to determine such fair value. In general
 fair values determined by Level 1 inputs utilize quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Fair values determined by Level 2 inputs utilize data points that are observable such as quoted prices
 interest rates and yield curves. Fair values determined by Level 3 inputs are unobservable data points for the asset or liability
 and includes situations where there is little
 if any
 market activity for the asset or liability:



































































































































































010
481








010
481
























010
481








010
481































000
000 shares of common stock
 consisting of 200
000
000 shares of Class A common stock
 par value $0.0001 per share and 20
000
000 shares of Class F common stock
 par value $0.0001 per share. Holders of the Company&#8217;s common stock are entitled to one vote for each share of common stock and vote together as a single class. At December 31
 2015
 there were 37
500
000 shares of Class A common stock and 9
375
000 shares of Class F common stock issued and outstanding.


000
000 shares of preferred stock
 par value $0.0001 per share
 with such designations
 voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors. At December 31
 2015
 there were no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding.



















 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC&#8217;s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include
 without limitation
 controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.


As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act
 of December 31
 2015. Based upon their evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective.



 there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.


















DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE





















































































































 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of The Gores Group
 a global investment firm focused on acquiring businesses that can benefit from the firm&#8217;s operating expertise. Mr.&#160;Gores began his career as a self-made entrepreneur and operating executive. In 1978
 he self-funded and founded Executive Business Systems (EBS)
 a developer and distributor of vertical business software systems. In 1986
 CONTEL purchased EBS
 and Mr.&#160;Gores subsequently began acquiring and operating non-core businesses from major corporations
 Mr.&#160;Gores holds a degree in Computer Science from Western Michigan University. We believe Mr.&#160;Gores&#8217; significant investment and financial expertise make him well qualified to serve as a member of our Board.

 Operations of The Gores Group. Mr.&#160;Stone is a member of the Investment Committee and a member of the Office of the Chairman of The Gores Group. Mr.&#160;Stone has worked at The Gores Group for more than ten years
 primarily focusing on worldwide operations of all Gores&#8217; portfolio companies and all Gores&#8217; operational due diligence efforts. He previously served as Executive Chairman and/or CEO of several portfolio companies
 including Siemens Enterprise Communications
 a leading Munich-based global corporate telephony (PBX) and unified communications (UC) solutions provider
 and Enterasys Networks
 a global network solutions provider. Prior to joining The Gores Group
 Mr.&#160;Stone spent five years with The Boston Consulting Group as a member of their high technology and industrial goods practices and served in the firm&#8217;s Boston
 London
 Los Angeles and Seoul offices. Mr.&#160;Stone earned a B.S. in Finance with Computer Science and Mathematics concentrations from the University of Maine and an M.B.A. in Finance from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.

 Mr. Wheeler was previously responsible for leading the negotiation and execution of acquisitions and divestitures at The Gores Group. Prior to joining The Gores Group
 Mr. Wheeler was a Principal at FdG Associates
 a private investment firm. Previously
 Mr. Wheeler was based in New York and was a member of the mergers &amp; acquisitions
 restructuring advisory and merchant banking groups at Gleacher Partners
 an advisory and investment firm. Mr. Wheeler previously served on the board of directors of Cosmo Specialty Fibers
 Norment Security Group
 Sage Automotive and Scovill Fasteners
 portfolio companies of The Gores Group. Mr. Wheeler holds a B.A. in Economics and Political Science from Colgate University
 where he was elected to Phi Beta Kappa.

 Finance and Tax at The Gores Group since February 2010
 where he is responsible for tax due diligence and structuring of acquisitions
 compliance
 planning
 financial management and portfolio company reporting. Previously
 from January 2008 to January 2010
 Mr.&#160;McBride worked in the High Net Worth group at Ehrhardt
 Keefe
 Steiner
 and Hottman
 P.C. From January 2004 to January 2008
 Mr.&#160;McBride was with KPMG
 LLP
 assisting international corporations with tax planning
 structuring and compliance issues. Mr. McBride holds a B.S. in Accounting and Finance from the University of Notre Dame and is licensed as a Certified Public Accountant in the State of Colorado.&#160;

 2015. Mr. Bort is a Co-Founder of SandTree Holdings
 LLC
 a private commercial real estate investment firm. Previously
 Mr.&#160;Bort was an investment banker at Drexel Burnham Lambert
 BT Securities
 Donaldson
 Lufkin &amp; Jenrette
 Credit Suisse First Boston
 The Mercanti Group and Imperial Capital. Mr. Bort has significant financial
 transactional and capital markets experience across multiple industries and has worked both domestically and in Asia. Mr. Bort graduated from Claremont McKenna College with a B.A in Economics and Mathematics and received his M.B.A. in Finance and Entrepreneurial Management from The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Bort is a member of the Board of Trustees of Children&#8217;s Bureau
 a non-profit organization based in Los Angeles focused on foster care and the prevention of child abuse. We believe Mr.&#160;Bort&#8217;s significant investment and financial expertise make him well qualified to serve as a member of our Board.


 our Board since August 14
 2015. Mr. Patton is Chairman
 Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder of The Four Star Group
 a consulting and advisory firm focused on the civilian fields of Defense
 Space
an
 president and/or chief executive officer of a number of private and public companies including Unisys
 Cado Systems
ears
 attaining the rank of Major. We believe Mr.&#160;Patton&#8217;s significant experience on the boards of a number of private and public companies makes him well qualified to serve as a member of our Board.


 consisting of&#160;Messrs.&#160;Bort and&#160;Patton
 will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the class II directors
 currently consisting solely of&#160;Mr. Gores
 will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. In addition to the foregoing
 we will appoint one additional Class II board member to fill the current vacancy. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after we consummate our Business Combination.

 rather than for specific terms of office. Our Board is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman
 Vice Chairman
 Chief Executive Officer
 President
 Chief Financial Officer
 Vice Presidents
 Secretary
 Assistant Secretaries
 Treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the Board.


 and our compensation committee is composed solely of independent directors.


 Bort and Patton. Mr. Bort serves as chairman of the audit committee. Under the NASDAQ listing standards and applicable SEC rules
 we are required to have three members of the audit committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception
 the rules of NASDAQ and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. We have twelve months from the date our securities were first listed on NASDAQ to fully comply with the audit committee independence requirements. Mr. Gores
 who is not an independent director
 will serve on the audit committee until an additional independent director is appointed. Messrs. Bort and Patton qualify as independent directors under applicable rules. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our Board has determined that Mr. Bort qualifies as an &#8220;audit committee financial expert&#8221; as defined in applicable SEC rules.

 which details the principal functions of the audit committee
 including:








the appointment
 compensation
 retention
 replacement
 and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us;








pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us
 and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures;



































obtaining and reviewing a report
 at least annually
 from the independent auditors describing (i)&#160;the independent auditor&#8217;s internal quality-control procedures and (ii)&#160;any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review
 or peer review
 of the audit firm
 or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities
 within
 the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues;



















reviewing with management
 the independent auditors
 and our legal advisors
 as appropriate
 any legal
 regulatory or compliance matters
 including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the FASB
 the SEC or other regulatory authorities.



 including:








reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer&#8217;s compensation
 evaluating our Chief Executive Officer&#8217;s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer&#8217;s based on such evaluation;












































approving all special perquisites
 special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees;

















reviewing
 evaluating and recommending changes
 if appropriate
 to the remuneration for directors.

 in its sole discretion
 retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant
 legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment
 compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However
 before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant
 external legal counsel or any other adviser
 the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser
 including the factors required by NASDAQ and the SEC.


 though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or NASDAQ rules. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(2) of the NASDAQ rules
 a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by the Board. The Board believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(1)(A) of the NASDAQ rules
 all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee
 we do not have a nominating committee charter in place.

 if applicable
 a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders that wish to nominate a director for election to the Board should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws.

 minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general
 in identifying and evaluating nominees for director
 the Board considers educational background
 diversity of professional experience
 knowledge of our business
 integrity
 professional reputation
 independence
 wisdom
 and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders.


 and in the past year has not served
 as a member of the Board or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our Board.




 directors and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of our Common Stock to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. These reporting persons are also required to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely upon a review of such Forms
 we believe that during the year ended December 31
 2015 there were no delinquent filers. 


 executive officers and employees that complies with the rules and regulations of the NASDAQ. The Code of Ethics codifies the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business.&#160; We have previously filed copies of our form Code of Ethics
 our form of Audit Committee Charter and our form of Compensation Committee Charter as exhibits to our registration statement in connection with our Public Offering. You may review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC&#8217;s web site at www.sec.gov. In addition
 a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request to us in writing at 9800 Wilshire Blvd. Beverly Hills
 California 90212 or by telephone at (310) 209-3010. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 


 and any of them in the future may have additional
 fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly
 if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations
 he or she will honor these fiduciary obligations under applicable law. We do not believe
 however
 that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our Company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue.

 executive officers and directors may become involved with subsequent blank check companies similar to us
 although they have agreed not to participate in the formation of
 or become an officer or director of
 any blank check company until we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding our Business Combination or we have failed to complete our Business Combination within 24 months after the IPO 








None of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and
 accordingly
 may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business activities.








n the course of their other business activities
 our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 








Our Initial Stockholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and public shares in connection with the consummation of our Business Combination. Additionally
 Date. If we do not complete our Business Combination within such applicable time period
 the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares
 and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. With certain limited exceptions
 the Founder Shares will not be transferable
 assignable or salable by our Sponsor until the earlier of (1)&#160;one year after the completion of our Business Combination and (2)&#160;the date on which we consummate a liquidation
 merger
 capital stock exchange
 reorganization
 or other similar transaction after our Business Combination that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Common Stock for cash
 securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 if the last sale price of our Common Stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits
 stock dividends
 reorganizations
 recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our Business Combination
 the Founder Shares will be released from the lock-up. With certain limited exceptions
 the Private Placement Warrants and the Common Stock underlying such Warrants
 will not be transferable
assignable or salable by our Sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our Business Combination. Since our Sponsor and officers and directors may directly or indirectly own Capital Stock and Private Placement Warrants
 our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our Business Combination.













 officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if:




























 as a result of multiple business affiliations
 our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore
 our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the doctrine of corporate opportunity will not apply with respect to any of our officers or directors in circumstances where the application of the doctrine would conflict with any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations they may have. Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may present a conflict of interest:


























 LLC (1)
















 LLC (1)
































 LLC (1)



















































 if any of the above executive officers or directors become aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the above entities to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations
 he or she will honor these obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity
 and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. We do not believe
 however
 that any of the foregoing fiduciary duties or contractual obligations will materially affect our ability to complete our business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our Company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue.

 executive officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our Business Combination with such a company
 we
 or a committee of independent directors
 would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA
 or from an independent accounting firm
 that such a Business Combination is fair to our Company from a financial point of view.

 our Initial Stockholders have agreed to vote their Founder Shares and their public shares
 if any
 in favor of our Business Combination.


 as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition
 our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors
 except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted by the DGCL.
We have entered into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our bylaws also permit us to maintain insurance on behalf of any officer
 director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions
 regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. We have obtained a policy of directors&#8217; and officers&#8217; liability insurance that insures our officers 


and directors against the cost of defense
 settlement or payment of a jud

 even though such an action
 if successful
 might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore
 a stockholder&#8217;s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions.

 the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors.








 2015
 through the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination or our liquidation
 we pay monthly recurring expenses of $10
000 to The Gores Group for office space
 administrative and secretarial support. Our Sponsor
 executive officers
 directors
 or any of their respective affiliates
 may be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our independent directors will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our Sponsor
 executive officers
 directors and our or their affiliates.

 directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting
 management or other fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders
 to the extent then known
 in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed Business Combination. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time
 because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors.

 although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after a Business Combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management&#8217;s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management team to remain with us after the consummation of a Business Combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential Business Combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment.









 2016 with respect to&#160;the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock held&#160;by:





























Unless otherwise indicated
ned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the Private Placement Warrants
 as they are not exercisable within 60 days of 
 2016.































325
000


















325
000


















000
320














 LLC (5)




000
000


















145
815


















750
000


















374
000








































































000


















000


















375
000


























This table is based on 37
500
000 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of March 15
 2016. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC. Except as described in the footnotes below and subject to applicable community property laws and similar laws
 we believe that each person listed above has sole voting and investment power with respect to such shares. Unless otherwise indicated
 the business address of each of the entities

 Beverly Hills
 California 90212.






which are automatically convertible into shares of Common Stock at the time of our Business Combination on a one-for-one basis
 subject to adjustment. 






Sponsor which is controlled indirectly by Mr. Gores. Mr.&#160;Gores may be deemed to beneficially own 9
325
000 shares of Class F Common Stock and ultimately exercises voting and dispositive power of the securities held by our Sponsor. Voting and disposition decisions with respect to such securities are made by Mr.&#160;Gores. Mr.&#160;Gores disclaims beneficial ownership of these securities except to the extent of any pecuniary interest therein.







 2016. The business address of Arrowgrass Capital Partners (US) LP is 1330 Avenue of the Americas
 32nd Floor
 New York
 New York 10019.







 2015. The business address of Blue Mountain Capital Management
 LLC is 280 Park Avenue
 12th Floor
 New York
 New York 10017.







is 280 Park Avenue
 12th Floor
 New York
 New York 10017.







 2015. The business address of Davidson Kemper Partners is c/o Davidson Kempner Partners
 520 Madison Avenue
 30th Floor
 New York
 New York 10022.






According to Schedule 13G filed on February 11
 2016. The business address of TD Asset Management Inc. is Canada Trust Tower
 BCE Place
 161 Bay Street
 35th Floor
 Toronto
 Ontario
 M5J 2T2.

 our Initial Stockholders may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all matters requiring approval by our stockholders
 including the election of directors
 amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of significant corporate transactions.

 2015
 our Sponsor purchased 11
500
000 Founder Shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25
000
 or approximately $0.002 per share. Subsequently
 our Sponsor transferred an aggregate of 50
000 Founder Shares to the Company&#8217;s independent directors. On August 13
 2015
 our Sponsor forfeited 1
437
500 Founder Shares
 and following the expiration of the unexercised portion of the underwriters&#8217; over-allotment option
 our Sponsor forfeited an additional 687
500 Founder Shares so that the Founder Shares held by our Initial Stockholders would represent 20% of our outstanding shares of Capital Stock following the consummation of our Public Offering. 
 Date
 we consummated our Public Offering of 37
500
000 Units (which included the purchase of 2
500
000 Units subject to the underwriters&#8217; over-allotment option) at a price of $10.00 per Unit generating gross proceeds of $375
000
 Date
 we completed the private sale of the Private Placement Warrants.


ips and Related Transactions
 and Director Independent&#8221; below for additional information regarding our relationships with our promoters.






CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE


 2015
 our Sponsor purchased 11
500
000 Founder Shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25
000
 or approximately $0.002 per share. Subsequently
 our Sponsor transferred an aggregate of 50
000 Founder Shares to the Company&#8217;s independent directors. On August 13
 2015
 our Sponsor forfeited 1
437
500 Founder Shares
 and following the expiration of the unexercised portion of the underwriters&#8217; over-allotment option
 our Sponsor forfeited an additional 687
500 Founder Shares so that the Founder Shares held by our Initial Stockholders would represent 20% of our outstanding shares of Capital Stock following the consummation of our Public Offering. 

 subject to adjustment pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

 assign or sell any Founder Shares until the earlier of (i)&#160;one year after the completion of a Business Combination
 (ii)&nbsp;&nbsp;the last sale price of our Common Stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits
 stock dividends
 reorganizations
 recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our Business Combination
 or (iii)&#160;the date following the completion of our Business Combination on which we complete a liquidation
 merger
 stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Common Stock for cash
 securities or other property (the &#8220;Founder Shares Lock-Up Period&#8221;).&nbsp;&nbsp;

 Date
 our Sponsor purchased 19
000
000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of $0.50 per warrant
 or $9
500
. The Private Placement Warrants may not be redeemed by the Company so long as they are held by our Sponsor or its permitted transferees. If any Private Placement Warrants are transferred to holders other than our Sponsor or its permitted transferees
 such Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the Warrants included in the Units sold in the Public Offering. Our Sponsor and its permitted transferees have the option to exercise the Private Placement Warrants on a cashless basis.



 assign or sell any Private Placement Warrants and the Common Stock underlying such Private Placement Warrants until 30 days after the completion of our Business Combination (such period
 together with the Founder Shares Lock-Up Period
 the &#8220;Lock-Up Periods&#8221;).
 Date
 the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of our Common Stock
 subject to the requirements of applicable law
 and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless.


 Private Placement Warrants and warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans
 if any
 have registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands that the Company register under the Securities Act the warrants and the Common Stock underlying the warrants and the Founder Shares. In addition
 the holders have certain &#8220;piggy-back&#8221; registration rights with respect to registration statements filed by the Company subsequent to its completion of a Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. However
 the registration rights agreement provides that that Company will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable Lock-Up Period. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.




 2015
 our Sponsor loaned us an aggregate of $150

000 to cover expenses related to the Public Offering
 and on August&#160;6
 2015
 the Sponsor loaned the Company an additional $150
000 by the issuance of a second unsecured promissory note for $150
000 to cover expenses related to the Public Offering. These Notes were non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of December&#160;31
 2015 or the completion of the Public Offering. These Notes were repaid in full upon the completion of our Public Offering.

 executive officers and directors
 or any of their respective affiliates
 will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our Sponsor
 officers
 directors or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf.

 in order to finance transaction costs in connection with our Business Combination
 our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may
 but are not obligated to
 loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination
 we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our Business Combination does not close
 we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to $1
500
000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of $0.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors
 if any
 have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in the Trust Account.

 members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting
 management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders
 to the extent then known
 in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials
 as applicable
 furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a shareholder meeting held to consider our Business Combination
 as applicable
 as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation.


 2015
 the Company entered into an agreement to pay monthly recurring expenses to The Gores Group of $10
000 for office space
 utilities and secretarial support. The agreement terminates upon the earlier of the completion of a Business Combination or the liquidation of the Company.


 would interfere with the director&#8217;s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our Board has determined that Messrs. Bort and Patton are &#8220;independent directors&#8221; as defined in Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act and the rules of the NASDAQ. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 










 2015 include:










 2015 to December 31
 2015










167








































167


























 tax planning and tax advice.









 setting compensation and overseeing the work of the independent auditors. In recognition of this responsibility
 the audit committee shall review and
 in its sole discretion
 pre-approve all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors as provided under the audit committee charter.






























































 2015).
















 2015).
















 2015).
















 2015).
















 dated August 13
 2015
 between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company
 as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 19
 2015).
















 dated June 10
 2015
 issued to Gores Sponsor LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on July 17
 2015). 
















 dated August 6
 2015

 2015).
















 dated August 13
 2015
 between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company
 as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 19
 2015).
















 dated August 13
 2015
 among the Company
 Gores Sponsor LLC and certain other security holders named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 19
 2015).
















 2015

 2015).
















 dated August 13
 2015
 between the Company and Gores Sponsor LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 19
 2015).
















 dated August 13
 2015
 between the Company and Gores Sponsor LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 19
 2015).
















 dated August 13
 2015
 between the Company and The Gores Group
 LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August&#160;19
&#160;2015).





























 dated August 13
 2015
 among the Company
 its officers and directors
 The Gores Group
 LLC and Gores Sponsor LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 19
 2015).
















 2015).
















 dated June 12
 2015

 2015).
































 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
















 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
















 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
















 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
















































































































 as amended
 the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.










 INC.
















 2016

















































 that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Mark Stone and Andrew McBride and each or any one of them
 his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent
 with full power of substitution and resubstitution
 for him and in his name
 place and stead
 in any and all capacities
 to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 and to file the same
 with all exhibits thereto
 and other documents in connection therewith
 with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission
 granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents
 and each of them
 full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith
 as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person
 hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents
 or any of them
 or their or his substitutes or substitute
 may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.


 as amended
 this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated.






































 2016
































 2016
































 2016
































 2016
































 2016

















































 2015).
















 2015).
















 2015).
















 2015).
















 dated August 13
 2015
 between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company
 as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 19
 2015).
















 dated June 10
 2015
 issued to Gores Sponsor LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on July 17
 2015). 
















 dated August 6
 2015

 2015).
















 dated August 13
 2015
 between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company
 as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 19
 2015).
















 dated August 13
 2015
 among the Company
 Gores Sponsor LLC and certain other security holders named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 19
 2015).
















 2015

 2015).
















 dated August 13
 2015
 between the Company and Gores Sponsor LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 19
 2015).
















 dated August 13
 2015
 between the Company and Gores Sponsor LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 19
 2015).
















 dated August 13
 2015
 between the Company and The Gores Group
 LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 19
 2015).
















 dated August 13
 2015
 among the Company
 its officers and directors
 The Gores Group
 LLC and Gores Sponsor LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 19
 2015).
















 2015).
















 dated June 12
 2015

 2015).
































 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.





























 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
















 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
















 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.


























































































































grshu-ex31_255.htm





GORES HOLDINGS
 INC.

 2015

 Inc.
&#8221;)
 DOES HEREBY CERTIFY AS FOLLOWS:

 Inc.&#8221;&nbsp;&nbsp;The original certificate of incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on June 1
&#8221;). A certificate of amendment to the Original Certificate was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on June 11
 2015 (together with the Original Certificate
 the &#8220;Amended Certificate&#8221;).
&#8221;) and the stockholders of the Corporation in accordance with Sections 228
 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

 integrates and amends the provisions of the Amended Certificate.&nbsp;&nbsp;Certain capitalized terms used in this Amended and Restated Certificate are defined where appropriate herein.



 Inc. (the &#8220;

&#8221;).&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition to the powers and privileges conferred upon the Corporation by law and those incidental thereto
 the Corporation shall possess and may exercise all the powers and privileges that are necessary or convenient to the conduct
 promotion or attainment of the business or purposes of the Corporation including
 but not limited to
 effecting a merger
 capital stock exchange
 asset acquisition
 stock purchase
 reorganization or similar business combination
 involving the Corporation and one or more businesses (a &#8220;


 Wilmington
 New Castle County
 Delaware 19801.&nbsp;&nbsp;The name of the Corporation&#8217;s registered agent at such address is The Corporation Trust Company.

.  The total number of shares of all classes of capital stock
 each with a par value of $0.0001 per share
 which the Corporation is authorized to issue is 221
000
000 shares
 consisting of (a) 220
000
&#8221;)
 including (i) 200
000
&#8221;) and (ii) 20
000
&#8221;)
 and (b) 1
000
000 shares of preferred stock (the &#8220;



 of this Amended and Restated Certificate
The Board is hereby expressly authorized to provide for the issuance of shares of the Preferred Stock in one or more series and to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such series and to fix the voting rights
 if any
 designations
 powers
 preferences and relative
 participating
 optional and other special rights
 if any
 of each such series and any qualifications
 limitations and restrictions thereof
&#8221;) filed pursuant to the DGCL
 and the Board is hereby expressly vested with the authority to the full extent provided by law
 now or hereafter
 to adopt any such resolution or resolutions.

Except as otherwise required by law or this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation)
 hereof
 the holders of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each such share on each matter properly submitted to the stockholders on which the holders of the Common Stock are entitled to vote.&nbsp;&nbsp;


Notwithstanding the Initial Conversion Ratio
 in the case that additional shares of Class A Common Stock
 or equity-linked securities
&#8221;)
 all issued and outstanding shares of Class F Common Stock shall automatically convert into shares of Class A Common Stock at the time of the closing of the initial Business Combination at a ratio for which:








the numerator shall be equal to the sum of (A) 25% of all shares of Class A Common Stock issued or issuable (upon the conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or otherwise) by the Corporation
 related to or in connection with the consummation of the initial Business Combination (excluding any securities issued or issuable to any seller in the initial Business Combination) plus (B) the number of shares of Class F Common Stock issued and outstanding prior to the closing of the initial Business Combination; and










 in no event shall the Class F Common Stock convert into Class A Common Stock at a ratio that is less than one-for-one.
 share for each holder of Class F Common Stock will be determined as follows: Each share of Class F Common Stock shall convert into such number of shares of Class A Common Stock as is equal to the product of 1 multiplied by a fraction
 the numerator of which shall be the total number of shares of Class A Common Stock into which all of the issued and outstanding shares of Class F Common Stock shall be converted pursuant to this Article and the denominator of which shall be the total number of issued and outstanding shares of Class F Common Stock at the time of conversion.
Except as otherwise required by law or this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation)
 at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation
 the holders of the Common Stock shall have the exclusive right to vote for the election of directors and on all other matters properly submitted to a vote of the stockholders.&nbsp;&nbsp;Notwithstanding the foregoing
 except as otherwise required by law or this Amended and Restated Certificate (including a Preferred Stock Designation)
 the holders of the Common Stock shall not 



be entitled to vote on any amendment to this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any amendment to any Preferred Stock Designation) that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of the Preferred Stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled
 either separately or together with the holders of one or more other such series
 to vote thereon pursuant to this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation).
Subject to the rights
 if any
 hereof
 the holders of the Common Stock shall be entitled to receive such dividends and other distributions (payable in cash
 property or capital stock of the Corporation) when
 as and if declared thereon by the Board from time to time out of any assets or funds of the Corporation legally available therefor
 and shall share equally on a per share basis in such dividends and distributions.
Subject to the rights
 if any
 hereof
 in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation
 dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation
 after payment or provision for payment of the debts and other liabilities of the Corporation
 the holders of the Common Stock shall be entitled to receive all the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders
 ratably in proportion to the number of shares of the Common Stock held by them.
.  The Corporation has the authority to create and issue rights
 warrants and options entitling the holders thereof to purchase shares of any class or series of the Corporation&#8217;s capital stock or other securities of the Corporation
 and such rights
 warrants and options shall be evidenced by instrument(s) approved by the Board.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Board is empowered to set the exercise price
 duration
 times for exercise and other terms and conditions of such rights
 warrants or options; 
 
 that the consideration to be received for any shares of capital stock subject thereto may not be less than the par value thereof.


.  The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by
 or under the direction of
 the Board.&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition to the powers and authority expressly conferred upon the Board by statute
&#8221;) of the Corporation
 the Board is hereby empowered to exercise all such powers and do all such acts and things as may be exercised or done by the Corporation
 subject
 nevertheless
 to the provisions of the DGCL and this Amended and Restated Certificate.
Number
 Election and Term
The number of directors of the Corporation
 other than those who may be elected by the holders of one or more series of the Preferred Stock voting separately by class or series
 shall be fixed from time to time exclusively by the Board pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Board.
 hereof
 the Board shall be divided into two classes
 as nearly equal in number as possible
 and designated Class I and Class II.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Board is authorized to assign members of the Board already in office to Class I or Class II.&nbsp;&nbsp;The term of the initial Class I Directors shall expire at the first annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation following the effectiveness of this Amended and Restated Certificate; the term of the initial Class II Directors shall expire at the second annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation following the effectiveness of this Amended and Restated Certificate.&nbsp;&nbsp;At each succeeding annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation
 beginning with the first annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation following the effectiveness of this Amended and Restated Certificate
 hereof
 if the number of directors is changed
 any increase or decrease shall be apportioned by the Board among the classes so as to maintain the number of directors in each class as nearly equal as possible
 but in no case shall a decrease in the number of directors shorten the term of any incumbent director. Directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast at an annual meeting of stockholders by holders of the Common Stock.



 hereof
 a director shall hold office until the annual meeting for the year in which his or her term expires and until his or her successor has been elected and qualified
 subject
 however
 to such director&#8217;s earlier death
 resignation
 retirement
 disqualification or removal.
Unless and except to the extent that the Bylaws shall so require
 the election of directors need not be by written ballot.
 hereof
 newly created directorships resulting from an increase in the number of directors and any vacancies on the Board resulting from death
 resignation
 retirement
 disqualification
 removal or other cause may be filled solely by a majority vote of the remaining directors then in office
 even if less than a quorum
 or by a sole remaining director (and not by stockholders)
 and any director so chosen shall hold office for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors to which the new directorship was added or in which the vacancy occurred and until his or her successor has been elected and qualified
 subject
 however
 to such director&#8217;s earlier death
 resignation
 retirement
 disqualification or removal.
 hereof
 any or all of the directors may be removed from office at any time
 but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors
 voting together as a single class.
.  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article V
 and except as otherwise required by law
 whenever the holders of one or more series of the Preferred Stock shall have the right
 voting separately by class or series
 to elect one or more directors
 the term of office
 the filling of vacancies
 the removal from office and other features of such directorships shall be governed by the terms of such series of the Preferred Stock as set forth in this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation) and such directors shall not be included in any of the classes created pursuant to this Article V unless expressly provided by such terms.


 the Board shall have the power to adopt
 amend
 alter or repeal the Bylaws.&nbsp;&nbsp;The affirmative vote of a majority of the Board shall be required to adopt
 amend
 alter or repeal the Bylaws.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Bylaws also may be adopted
 amended
 altered or repealed by the stockholders; 
 
 that in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation required by law or by this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation)
 the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors
 voting together as a single class
 shall be required for the stockholders to adopt
 amend
 alter or repeal the Bylaws; and 
 
 that no Bylaws hereafter adopted by the stockholders shall invalidate any prior act of the Board that would have been valid if such Bylaws had not been adopted.

.  Subject to the rights of the holders of any outstanding series of the Preferred Stock
 and to the requirements of applicable law
 special meetings of stockholders of the Corporation may be called only by the Chairman of the Board
 Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation
 or the Board pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Board
 and the ability of the stockholders to call a special meeting is hereby specifically denied.

.  Subsequent to the consummation of the Offering
 any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation must be effected by a duly called annual or special meeting of such holders and may not be effected by written consent of the stockholders.




.  A director of the Corporation shall not be liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director
 except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the DGCL as the same exists or may hereafter be amended.&nbsp;&nbsp;Any amendment
 modification or repeal of the foregoing sentence shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation hereunder in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such amendment
 modification or repeal.

To the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law
 as the same exists or may hereafter be amended
 the Corporation shall indemnify and hold harmless each person who is or was made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any threatened
 pending or completed action
 suit or proceeding
 whether civil
 criminal
&#8221;) by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or
 while a director or officer of the Corporation
 is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director
 officer
 employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership
 joint venture
 trust
 other enterprise or nonprofit entity
&#8221;)
 whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director
 officer
 employee or agent
 or in any other capacity while serving as a director
 officer
 employee or agent
 against all liability and loss suffered and expenses (including
 without limitation
 attorneys&#8217; fees
 judgments
 fines
 ERISA excise taxes and penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred by such indemnitee in connection with such proceeding.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Corporation shall to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law pay the expenses (including attorneys&#8217; fees) incurred by an indemnitee in defending or otherwise participating in any proceeding in advance of its final disposition; 
 
 that
 to the extent required by applicable law
 such payment of expenses in advance of the final disposition of the proceeding shall be made only upon receipt of an undertaking
 by or on behalf of the indemnitee
 shall be contract rights and such rights shall continue as to an indemnitee who has ceased to be a director
 officer
 employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs
 executors and administrators.&nbsp;&nbsp;Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this 
 except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses
 the Corporation shall indemnify and advance expenses to an indemnitee in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such indemnitee only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board.
 shall not be exclusive of any other rights that any indemnitee may have or hereafter acquire under law
 this Amended and Restated Certificate
 the Bylaws
 an agreement
 vote of stockholders or disinterested directors
 or otherwise.
 by the stockholders of the Corporation or by changes in law
 or the adoption of any other provision of this Amended and Restated Certificate inconsistent with this 
 shall
 unless otherwise required by law
 be prospective only (except to the extent such amendment or change in law permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights on a retroactive basis than permitted prior thereto)
 and shall not in any way diminish or adversely affect any right or protection existing at the time of such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision in respect of any proceeding (regardless of when such proceeding is first threatened
 commenced or completed) arising out of
 or related to
 any act or omission occurring prior to such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision.
This Section 8.2 shall not limit the right of the Corporation
 to the extent and in the manner authorized or permitted by law
 to indemnify and to advance expenses to persons other than indemnitees.






Immediately after the Offering
 a certain amount of the net offering proceeds received by the Corporation in the Offering (including the proceeds of any exercise of the underwriters&#8217; over-allotment option) and certain other amounts specified in the Corporation&#8217;s registration statement on Form S-1
 as initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 17
 2015
&#8221;)
&#8221;)
 established for the benefit of the Public Stockholders (as defined below) pursuant to a trust agreement described in the Registration Statement.&nbsp;&nbsp;Except for the withdrawal of interest to pay taxes
 none of the funds held in the Trust Account (including the interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account) will be released from the Trust Account until the earlier of (i) the completion of the initial Business Combination
&#8221;) (whether such Offering Shares were purchased in the Offering or in the secondary market following the Offering and whether or not such holders are affiliates of Gores Sponsor LLC
 (the &#8220;

Prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination
 the Corporation shall provide all holders of Offering Shares with the opportunity to have their Offering Shares redeemed or repurchased upon the consummation of the initial Business Combination pursuant to
 and subject to the limitations of
 (such rights of such holders to have their Offering Shares redeemed or repurchased pursuant to such Sections
 the &#8220;
 
 that the Corporation shall not redeem or repurchase Offering Shares to the extent that such redemption or repurchase would result in the Corporation having net tangible assets (as determined in accordance with Rule 3a51-1(g)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
&#8221;)) of less than $5
000
&#8221;).&nbsp;&nbsp;Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Amended and Restated Certificate
 there shall be no Redemption Rights or liquidating distributions with respect to any warrant issued pursuant to the Offering.


&#8221;)
 even if such information is not required under the Tender Offer Rules.&nbsp;&nbsp;If the Corporation offers to repurchase the Offering Shares (and has not otherwise withdrawn the tender offer)
 the Redemption Price per share of the Common Stock payable to holders of the Offering Shares tendering their Offering Shares pursuant to such tender offer shall be equal to
 subject to the Redemption Limitation
 the quotient obtained by dividing: (i) the aggregate amount on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the date of the commencement of the tender offer
 including interest (which interest shall be net of&nbsp;&nbsp;taxes payable)
 by (ii) the total number of then outstanding Offering Shares.



 If a stockholder vote is required by law to approve the proposed initial Business Combination or the Corporation decides to hold a stockholder vote on the proposed initial Business Combination for business or other legal reasons
Business Combination)&nbsp;&nbsp;equal to
 subject to the Redemption Limitation
 the quotient obtained by dividing (a) the aggregate amount on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination
 including interest (which interest shall be net of&nbsp;&nbsp;taxes payable)
 by (b) the total number of then outstanding Offering Shares.
If the Corporation offers to redeem the Offering Shares in conjunction with a stockholder vote on an initial Business Combination pursuant to a proxy solicitation
 a Public Stockholder
 together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a &#8220;group&#8221; (as defined under Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act)
 shall be restricted from seeking Redemption Rights with respect to more than 15% of the Offering Shares.
In the event that the Corporation has not consummated an initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Offering
 the Corporation shall (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up
 (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor
 redeem 100% of the Offering Shares in consideration of a per-share price
 payable in cash
 equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (A) the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account
 including interest (which interest shall be net of&nbsp;&nbsp;taxes payable and less up to $50
000 of such net interest to pay dissolution expenses)
 by (B) the total number of then outstanding Offering Shares
 which redemption will completely extinguish rights of the Public Stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions
 if any)
 subject to applicable law
 and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption
 subject to the approval of the stockholders remaining following such redemption and the Board in accordance with applicable law
 dissolve and liquidate
 subject in each case to the Corporation&#8217;s obligations under the DGCL to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of applicable law. 
If the Corporation offers to redeem the Offering Shares in conjunction with a stockholder vote on an initial Business Combination
 the Corporation shall consummate the proposed initial Business Combination only if (i) such initial Business Combination is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of the Common Stock that are voted at a stockholder meeting held to consider such initial Business Combination and (ii) the Redemption Limitation is not exceeded.
If the Corporation conducts a tender offer pursuant to Section 9.2(b)(i)
 the Corporation shall consummate the proposed initial Business Combination only if the Redemption Limitation is not exceeded.


 
 hereof.&nbsp;&nbsp;In no other circumstances shall a Public Stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in or to distributions from the Trust Account
 and no stockholder other than a Public Stockholder shall have any interest in or to the Trust Account.
Each Public Stockholder that does not exercise its Redemption Rights shall retain its interest in the Corporation and shall be deemed to have given its consent to the release of the remaining funds in the Trust Account to the Corporation
 and following payment to any Public Stockholders exercising their Redemption Rights
 the remaining funds in the Trust Account shall be released to the Corporation.




 Prior to the consummation of the Corporation&#8217;s initial Business Combination
 the Corporation shall not issue any additional shares of capital stock of the Corporation that would entitle the holders thereof to receive funds from the Trust Account or vote on any 
.  In the event the Corporation enters into an initial Business Combination with a target business that is affiliated with the Sponsor
 or the directors or officers of the Corporation
 the Corporation
 or a committee of the independent directors of the Corporation
 shall obtain an opinion from an independent accounting firm or an independent investment banking firm that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority that such initial Business Combination is fair to the Corporation from a financial point of view.

.  If
 in accordance with 
 that would affect the substance or timing of the Corporation&#8217;s obligation to redeem 100% of the Offering Shares if the Corporation has not consummated an initial Business Combination within 24 months from the date of the Closing
 the Public Stockholders shall be provided with the opportunity to redeem their Offering Shares upon the approval of any such amendment
 at a per-share price
 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account
 including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable)
 divided by the number of then outstanding Offering Shares.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Corporation&#8217;s ability to provide such opportunity is subject to the Redemption Limitation. 



 or any other analogous doctrine
 shall not apply with respect to the Corporation or any of its officers or directors in circumstances where the application of any such doctrine to a corporate opportunity would conflict with any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations they may have as of the date of this Amended and Restated Certificate or in the future.&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition to the foregoing
 the doctrine of corporate opportunity shall not apply to any other corporate opportunity with respect to any of the directors or officers of the Corporation unless such corporate opportunity is offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Corporation and such opportunity is one the Corporation is legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for the Corporation to pursue. 





 alter
 change or repeal any provision contained in this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation)
 in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by this Amended and Restated Certificate and the DGCL; and
 except as set forth in 
 all rights
 preferences and privileges herein conferred upon stockholders
 directors or any other persons by and pursuant to this Amended and Restated Certificate in its present form or as hereafter amended are granted subject to the right reserved in this 
 
 that 

 Gores Holdings
 Inc. has caused this Amended and Restated Certificate to be duly executed in its name and on its behalf by an authorized officer as of the date first set forth above.







 INC.
































 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary

















grshu-ex311_256.htm







 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 


 Mark Stone
 certify that:







 Inc.;










 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;










 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;






















 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;




















 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and












 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and










 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#8217;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):












 process
 summarize and report financial information; and












 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.









 2016













































grshu-ex312_257.htm







 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 


 Andrew McBride
 certify that:







 Inc.;










 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;










 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;






















 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;




















 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and












 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and










 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#8217;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):












 process
 summarize and report financial information; and












 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.








 2016






















































grshu-ex321_258.htm







 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO


 Inc. (the &#8220;Registrant&#8221;) on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31
 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 I certify
 in the capacity and on the date indicated below
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &#167; 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:









 as amended; and












 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant.









 2016





























































grshu-ex322_607.htm







 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO


 Inc. (the &#8220;Registrant&#8221;) on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31
 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 I certify
 in the capacity and on the date indicated below
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &#167; 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:









 as amended; and












 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant.









 2016



























































begin 644 g2016031621551154711950.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 %L F # 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#T/P;X-\+W




[;Y'GKOSZ;<YH S/^$$\
M(?\ 0J:'_P"Z+_XFC_A!/'_0J:'_X+HO\ XFMY65E#*P*D9!!X-.H Y_\



MZ #DGZ4 9?\ P@GA#_H5-#_\%T7_ 


-^!GTXX'?% &?_P@GA#_










\
M-RGF031RH&*ED8


+G)H RO^$$
M\(?]IH?_@NB_P#B:/\ A!/'_0J:'_X+HO_ (FM&XUO2K-D6ZU2R@9T#J);


%T7_Q-
M=!10!S__  @GA#_H5-#_ /!=%_\ $T?\()X0_PA4T/_ ,%T7_Q-=!10!S__
M  @GA#_H5-#_ /!=%_\ $T?\()X0_PA4T/_ 
%T7_Q-=!10!S__  @GA#_H
M5-#_ /!=%_\ $T?\()X0_PA4T/_ ,%T7_Q-=!10!S__  @GA#_H5-#_ /!=
M%_\ $T?\()X0_PA4T/_ 
%T7_Q-=!10!S__  @GA#_H5-#_ /!=%_\ $UA^
M
(+JU\-Z/!<0Z;<212Q6








VQU6YNK?0=
@/V W=J9



M6^[8&XN1L\R7' !^7:!C'  _4Y *%Y=:Q;:A'IWVFZN9+A'N=UI# CQ*-@V+


)M(O9?M!M(4DBN2@5G1^@8+@9&
M


MY#YS_P \_4DX]_IC$?3//O+F1[[Q397DD[L+6V












61+F57V^NS'W4/&






75L;67SHS;E
M =XZ$EE/O^?.:M7FGQ7^ES6%TTDD<T9C=L@,<CKP,9_@#D[75M6:XOK5+^:

\CK8L-4U..30I[R]\^._LWDFB$2@*517#


YQF@#&
14BG
M< AHCN2?0]:Z;3=



M+RZO_-C/=NTDN&02-U=0Q )_ #FL_4MU:S

MB@ HHHH *Y_QW_R3SQ-_VKK_P!%-705S_CO_DGGB;_L%77_ **:@ \?\D\
M\

M D$HM_M5RL;VY5#L0.2

KKM5SF

M-705S_CO_DGGB;_L%77_ **:@ \?\D\\,_]@JU_]%+705S_ ($_Y)YX9_[!
M5K_Z*6N@H **** JU]:+?6
UJS
GF+@.O53V(^AYJS10!EVVF3QB9KFXAFD






?_ 'P*EHH B^SP




?_ 'P*EHH





OK5Y%!BNVQENV /Z5M%?NGZF3?[Q':T5%]I@_Y[1_]
M]BC[3!_SVC_[[%8FI+147VF#_GM'_P!]BC[3!_SVC_[[% $M%1?:8/\ GM'_
M -]BC[3!_P ]H_\ OL4 2T5%]I@_Y[1_]]BC[3!_SVC_ .^Q0!+147VF#_GM
M'_WV*/M
'_/:/_OL4 2T5%]I@_Y[1_\ ?8H^TP?\]H_^^Q0!+147VF#_ )[1





'_

T?_ 'V* ):*B^TP?\]H_P#OL5(",@Y!H 6BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *Y_P =_P#)//$W_8*NO_135T%<
M_P._P#DGGB;_L%77_HIJ #P)_R3SPS_ -@JU_\ 12UT%<_X$_Y)YX9_[!5K

M)#/


M#]T1[6ZY^=L_-CHO P..:UJ* 






?

M1_BE:?\ 3Q:$?HW_ 

8





_X67H_P#SZWW_ 'PG_P 56BI3:ND9NK!.

OB9))$5;F=D^8]0=_^-8FDSR7&CV]A


M-
@$J_XT5$H2M<(2YE<M4M9VIW\=MIEQ+'
M,F]4.W##KT'ZUFZ;K@C\.FZN',LT)*LWS-SQ_
5A*K&
N5]KE7.CHJE9:G:
MWMJDZ2JN[JK



MNWK.ZKOA+?

M=#IEX=0TNUONTS1+(5!Z$C.*M5@^$[J(^%M/W2H(MI!8=B1_2MK[3!_P ]


RTL+V*T%M=7=O.A)$@6W9=RD

3GYCD9[8K=HH SH=
M
=FMO)

MS8Z+P

MB#_D7-4_Z])?_0#6)\1(O
\
!_\ GE.C?S']:VHOWT95?A9UO:BH;6;S[2&;
\<'#R+Y2_\X/Z9-<KX)M6TSQ5);.3F6P63!]
M2$;'X9-=-**]E)G/4D_:11K3?OOBG!W\BT_^*_\ BJ[&N.T_]]\4-4?JL5J%

X)_W21_4#\ZZ&PUG3M2C4VMY


M*C+H#C*


R^9/M8]-3
MLZS-;U1]*M4DCC$DCN$FN<35_&\NX1Z5IS[3@[95.#_ -_*HZC?^(I98%U.




MCU


M4\01)=:UI=M(-R$L6'J./\*X32/&\7A_6-7A&F7-U&TW+0G.Q5)P
?CZUG)Q

M5T.9+(W#07Q((:-F?R_0OSP/UKD=6\=-J/B



-'GQ



XRFV3;*A_N_




?W&D'_CY/]:Z2N1^'4F_PR5_N


M_P!%+705S_@3_DGGAG_L%6O_ **6N@H I:G-=V]D\MG#;2.H)87$QB4*!USM
M/]/K6'X=NK)]3DAL8]!@0PEY(]





77E3@

FS#')V-ROX=1^%=Y7D

MX)^TI6D[26C




M*OF5KN&SG91A3*JL1]
U3E[.T7V_

9!
M)]?]VNVJE:PZ;8JRVD=I;ACEA$%7/UQ5G[1!_P ]H_\ OH5C4DI.Z-81Y59D


M\*TT?_GZOO\ OM/_ (FNN^T0?\]H_P#OL4?:(/\ GM'_ -]BM%5FE9
S=.#=

M_P!]C[1!_SVC_[Z%2YR;NV4H16R*?\ PC^C?] FQ_\  =/\*/\ A']&_P@

  8
MJ*^G^S6



MAE--?68S?V;R^Y7
G4_%\FJ_#&RLXV+ZC=RBSD /S';C)_$;?^^JT+[[5%81

M&:[@?'[MV;&Q0?4
1

MQ;YOG+I\E^9CS:DEWXD\



Z_N


MJW.UN122JS5-/5Z$7AE_^*UM
=&MW /KU-;7B[]YXF\-0^EP7/X
G^!KDO#N


M!KTZO&](U.U:\TRY@D_?-;^9
@!^5EE+8R1S_K.WI7L
4J3PI+&P:.10RL.A

ZO(\KB.**
9:1SR 



M!JEH(.;=_FN@0(3WW9^; 7:%V^G-;M !7/^._\ DGGB;_L%77_HIJZN?\
M'?\ R3SQ-_VKK_T4U !X$_Y)YX9_PP5:_^BEKH*Y_P)_R3SPS_ -@JU_\

Q'N#5BB@#
M]-G

(MM+Y.!&J'*[AN


T8D6.W=BAZ-A3Q4]O;

MJ$^N25/Z&NW[5Q/CY_)N]'N!U21CGZ%37;#H/I7%A]*M2/G?[T=E?6E3EY-?



M5*G\2V

M:6JM
@C!

M^*$43*&4+$I!&1@;F_K7H4




MJW+GAO3--O=*$EQI]I-*'*EY(59CZ9)'O7_$98+2XMK2..-I4BQ$@49/S





S$]27

VDM%9Z::'G?C'2]-\-:;

MD0YGO Z7$*N_).X;N3TX_G7IVC0W$&BV
5V +E($64 YPP49_6L\+455NJMG
M^A.-HQITX\TKS3:?ING^++]%%%=IYH4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111



M/[
NO

M8#G[J+][G/% '5T45%

MD6LC^5
0JM*@4'G: 



MQ$UPC!G@5P6@!'RA@.AQSSWSCB@+Q!_R+FI_P#7I+_Z :TJS?$'_(N:G_UZ
M2_\ H!J[]H@_Y[1_]]GT)ZG(_$2('2K6;ND^T?B#_A77PN)88Y%Z
H(_&N4

@8VZ9RPZ[17#3TQ4UW2.VIKAH/L


'_/:/_OL4

'_/:/\


UF:[)'?:MIUB)$



M6S9
%)QDY_#]:7PO+%'X7TP-*@8VT;,P&5!/\ZU_M$'_ #VC_P^A753HQ=.

MUSG+'A1[^OYUA?%5$E6.1&5LP


M9;NXC^T'X*H4(4$   UZK7GOAW49-4\7_;;F)8MK@#.!VP1GUS7??:(/\

?Z]$/Z[?Z5Z9]H@_Y[1_]]BN(\8I')XAT:575





K#T(-=[O;0XH\O
N



M4=8U6:VT6SD@N]\LIC
00-.
MGE-(H)V


MZ'IT


MLHCPRXQM(5 







3JX_/!_0FLCPP[ZYXDDU60?);0)&@/9B
'_V;\Z\



?M6/7K8NO
M6Q

GQ%I3ZQHTUI&R+*2&1FZ @







I


1L



MUOH

.D02.K6]
MG;F7!/ ;YCG\]GY5C7?NV770]'*XKZQ[22NH)R^Y77XD'PYLQHGC'7M'#%MB
M1D$]\=__ !ZO4:\VL)$M?C5J)\Q?+N;



!_G\2*V\Q6T #
J1H
98X

SG;&9 !@'WZ=^


-*+:U
M;Z-I[2 S;4!)R5+M\Q^@4?I6WJUAI^@ZWHMQIZHD?G;92'W=P.23Z$U''+'=


M^^C_ .^Q7CWA^P2V^

MOL5FZ47-5.IHJLE!T^FY+147VF#_ )[1_P#?8H^TP?\ /:/_ +[%:&9+147V
MF#_GM'_WV*/M







M3K

R=.N;F33WO66ZG
M+*NRW81JX(&&_NC);/4X]

TX5N43# YR

MTKH#\WDF

;F&.XQYMU


M!5K_ .BEKH* *.J++)87
:QJR- X)\_RFW8X .#C//S=N.#VS])@ELM2

FF

MYK%\/V;6NK/BSLX4: DM;:2UKGE2N69CDD9^7J

MFE==CO) K
R^A)'(XJ[10!FV6B66G(\=D@MXI)6DDCCC0*^1C:?EZ#MCTJ)-
M MT@DC^T7+



TZY3^]$P_0US'P[;_
CT4@^

P.&V;5^IX'\ZOUSGB=OM$MCIRG'G2;G]@./ZD_A6
M5:7+!L3V



\= 1G_V44SX8

6#;K*D4!']P%R/T(J?J[CC$UM_P#MJU

M?+QG*-[.UQ:***9(4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% %*



M9[^:U-M


M]56YNC:S6MQ9W.SS%BN-N77.


\NT (^4
^<<4
I(?
MNGZ5PGPVR%U%3V
?_LU=L9TVGY9/^_;?X5PO@*9(-0U2 ALG:0 I/W2P_K7#
MB-*])^OY'?05\-5^7YG?GH:\[\)Z?%K%MKD$XXF9
-W4Y8@UWS7$:HQ(D  S


(-&FT4:;JLK7EBCR#'5BQ)!^GRUZ+\2KA=3U
M?0M&XI)-YTXP1A!QG\M_P59O\ 9LOB_P 16\HD1%M+CSF#!B3%N&0, ^@'
MI48J:E5Y.NR_4]S*J_U*C4MI7D_RC^)ZOI]LMGIUM;+]V*)4'X#%<?K<8O_




M\=25!_X%7K0G3'W9/^_;?X4\!A_8J2\SUL\KT:GLO8O2U_F_^&*VL:7;ZUI5


M +]M_A1YZ?W9/^_;?X5VN$7)2ZGCQQ56-&5!/W6[V):*B^T)_=D_[]M_A1]H
M3^[)_P!^V_PJS EHJ+[0G]V3_OVW^%'VA/[LG_?MO\* ):*B^T)_=D_[]M_A
M1]H3^[)_W[;_  H EHJ+[0G]V3_OVW^%'VA/[LG_ '[;_@6BHOM?W9/\
MOVW^%'VA/[LG_?MO\* ):*B^T)_=D_[]M_A1]H3^[)_W[;_@6BHOM?W9/
M^_;?X4?:$_NR?]^V_P * ):*B^T)_=D_[]M_A1]H3^[)_P!^V_PH EHJ+[0G
M]V3_ +]M_A1]H3^[)_W[;_@6BHOM?W9/^_;?X4?:$_NR?]^V_PH EHJ+[
M0G]V3_OVW^%'VA/[LG_?MO\ @6BHOM?W9/^_;?X4?:$_NR?\ ?MO\* ):
LR)XBK45IRN92V5_IUK=


V5SJUE=[))9)6A0A@



&?^P5:_^BEKH* *VH1//IUS%&K
\D3*H63R

U8I96=G;QSPDD0VZHP*D=2.H.
M[H?2@#6JC=:1I]XTLDUI9I8S$TX03;Z;NM7J* 
&PW_/25F_I_2JGKBH^C.:'^[3]5^I4^(:#^S;.4]5GQ
\-6LM_%;HYW3:
ME=F61AZ9QS^.\_C76^/K4PZK9O&N \'EJ![$_P(K*JY2;KK[+_
[\2H^T6%






MUG+YT#$?P
I_+^$UWWAZZ-WHT#





\8[C
MU)Y%.\T&ZO;6*&:^@.$:)U^RGR]I*D%%W_*Z[1AB6^GIOT4 4KFQ-UN#S
%\








/M%JT7*D?=;/?ZUY^8K]PWVU/9R9WKRA_-%K]?T/0?$TGE^&;YAW

)#_P 4O)<

L_AB]15?.T-RC#HP/I[5Q=M&#\/;QB#N6[#@[3C^$=?Q






MV_(X_I6-?7L46F:]


M?:$_NR?]^V_PH^T)_=D_[]M_A0!+147VA/[LG_?MO\*/M?W9/\ OVW^% $M
M%1?:$_NR?]^V_P */M?W9/^_;?X4 2T5%]H3^[)_P!^V_PH^T)_=D_[]M_A
M0!+147VA/[LG_?MO\*/M?W9/^_;?X4 2T5%]H3^[)_W[;_C[0G]V3_ +]M
M_A0!+147VA/[LG_?MO\ C[0G]V3_OVW^% $M%1?:$_NR?\ ?MO\*/M?W9/

\MK%YTT1B:=4 DVGMNZU?HH S[72_LR
MMF[N)FDDWS-*$S-\NW# * !@#H!T^M0)H%ND$D?VBY9CL$4K



MN]ON-

M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H



MP/EDZ?\ /-O\*\?*;\TT^FGYGM9Y#DFDNK;_ )J*B^T)_=D_P_;?X4?:$_
I%<F.BW0;73
M7[CKP,DJ\4^NGWF9X;)N?B'J4_4(DJ_^/J!^@KTO./AU
LVJ:M.Q+L$C!*J

MC[0G]V3_OVW^%=IYY+147VA/[LG_?MO\*/M?W9/^_;?X4 2T5%]H3^[)_W
M[;_C[0G]V3_ +]M_A0!+147VA/[LG_?MO\ C[0G]V3_OVW^% $M%1?:$_N
MR?\ ?MO\*/M?W9/^_;?X4 2T5%]H3^[)_W[;_C[0G]V3_OVW^% $M%1?:$
M_NR?]^V_PH^T)_=D_P_;?X4 2T5%]H3^[)_W[;_  H^T)_=D_[]M_A0!+14
M7VA/[LG_ '[;_C[0G]V3_OVW^% $M%1?:$_NR?]^V_PH^T)_=D_[]M_A0!+
M147VA/[LG_?MO\*/M?W9/\ OVW^% $M%1?:$_NR?]^V_P */M?W9/^_;?X




M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44





M  H^T)_=D_[]M_A0!+147VA/[LG_ '[;_C[0G]V3_OVW^% $M%1?:$_NR?]
M^V_PH^T)_=D_[]M_A0!+147VA/[LG_?MO\*/M?W9/\ OVW^% $M%1?:$_NR
M?]^V_P */M?W9/^_;?X4 2T5%]H3^[)_P!^V_PH^T)_=D_[]M_A0!+147VA
M/[LG_?MO\*/M?W9/^_;?X4 2T5%]H3^[)_W[;_C[0G]V3_ +]M_A0!+147
MVA/[LG_?MO\ C[0G]V3_OVW^% $M%1?:$_NR?\ ?MO\*/M?W9/^_;?X4 2
MT5%]H3^[)_W[;_C[0G]V3_OVW^% $M%1?:$_NR?]^V_PH^T)_=D_P_;?X4
M 2T5%]H3^[)_W[;_  H^T)_=D_[]M_A0!+147VA/[LG_ '[;_C[0G]V3_OV
MW^% $M%1?:$_NR?]^V_PH^T)_=D_[]M_A0!+147VA/[LG_?MO\*D!R
T +11

@R!Z?-\OIQBMB@C:Z5:V2J


I]

MHFBMUA:Z&GC$*


CHPVXZ]]Q/; ]Z -V*^M)HYI(KJ!TA8K*RR B
M


M1M*P#?
#C&?;:.* .@
B+(J


KL@Y'SYYQGH#T':I=:GTJWTY=+UZ
MMH+B\CVLTDBJ0
]*;JW6&



X]*X[?
M86UG\D\4MM/:3Q6YC8
C2NY8QH1P3R  .NWV-:MM+;0^)S'+- MX=/3SAN&\

8SSPP'0\'KZ58K%T)H=UQ'8WIN]/&




M0#P2




C![\5SFG:IHVGZ;?



M ZGIXL1?&^MOLAZ7'FKY9YQ][..O%3F:





MG ]!5K_AH[QA_P! W0_^_$W_ 
=H ^GZ*^8/^&CO&'_0-T/_ +\3?_':/^&C
MO&'_ $#=#_[\3?\ QV@#Z?HKY@_X:.\8?] W0_\ OQ-_\=H_X:.\8?\ 0-T/
M_OQ-_P#': /I^BOF#_AH[QA_T#=#_P_$W_QVC_AH[QA_P! W0_^_$W_ ,=H
M ^GZ*^8/^&CO&'_0-T/_ +\3?_':/^&CO&'_ $#=#_[\3?\ QV@#Z?HKY@_X
M:.\8?] W0_\ OQ-_\=H_X:.\8?\ 0-T/_OQ-_P#': /I^BOF#_AH[QA_T#=#
M_P_$W_QVC_AH[QA_P! W0_^_$W_ 
=H ^GZ*^8/^&CO&'_0-T/_ +\3?_':
M/^&CO&'_ $#=#_[\3?\ QV@#Z?HKY@_X:.\8?] W0_\ OQ-_\=H_X:.\8?\
M0-T/_OQ-_P#': /I^BOF#_AH[QA_T#=#_P_$W_QVC_AH[QA_P! W0_^_$W_
M ,=H ^GZ*^8/^&CO&'_0-T/_ +\3?_':/^&CO&'_ $#=#_[\3?\ QV@#Z?HK
MY@_X:.\8?] W0_\ OQ-_\=H_X:.\8?\ 0-T/_OQ-_P#': /I^BOF#_AH[QA_
MT#=#_P_$W_QVC_AH[QA_P! W0_^_$W_ 
=H ^GZ*^8/^&CO&'_0-T/_ +\3
M?_':/^&CO&'_ $#=#_[\3?\ QV@#Z?HKY@_X:.\8?] W0_\ OQ-_\=H_X:.\
M8?\ 0-T/_OQ-_P#': /I^BOF#_AH[QA_T#=#_P_$W_QVC_AH[QA_P! W0_^
M_$W_ ,=H ^GZ*^8/^&CO&'_0-T/_ +\3?_':/^&CO&'_ $#=#_[\3?\ QV@#
MZ?HKY@_X:.\8?] W0_\ OQ-_\=H_X:.\8?\ 0-T/_OQ-_P#': /I^BOF#_AH
M[QA_T#=#_P_$W_QVC_AH[QA_P! W0_^_$W_ 
=H ^GZ*^8/^&CO&'_0-T/_
M +\3?_':/^&CO&'_ $#=#_[\3?\ QV@#Z?HKY@_X:.\8?] W0_\ OQ-_\=H_
MX:.\8?\ 0-T/_OQ-_P#': /I^BOF#_AH[QA_T#=#_P_$W_QVC_AH[QA_P!
MW0_^_$W_ ,=H ^GZ*^8/^&CO&'_0-T/_ +\3?_':/^&CO&'_ $#=#_[\3?\
MQV@#Z?HKY@_X:.\8?] W0_\ OQ-_\=H_X:.\8?\ 0-T/_OQ-_P#': /I^BOF
M#_AH[QA_T#=#_P_$W_QVC_AH[QA_P! W0_^_$W_ 
=H ^GZ*^8/^&CO&'_0
M-T/_ +\3?_':/^&CO&'_ $#=#_[\3?\ QV@#Z?HKY@_X:.\8?] W0_\ OQ-_
M\=H_X:.\8?\ 0-T/_OQ-_P#': /I^BOF#_AH[QA_T#=#_P_$W_QVC_AH[QA
M_P! W0_^_$W_ ,=H ^GZ*^8/^&CO&'_0-T/_ +\3?_':/^&CO&'_ $#=#_[\
M3?\ QV@#Z?HKY@_X:.\8?] W0_\ OQ-_\=H_X:.\8?\ 0-T/_OQ-_P#': /I
M^BOF#_AH[QA_T#=#_P_$W_QVC_AH[QA_P! W0_^_$W_ 
=H ^GZ*^8/^&CO
M&'_0-T/_ +\3?_':/^&CO&'_ $#=#_[\3?\ QV@#Z?HKY@_X:.\8?] W0_\
MOQ-_\=H_X:.\8?\ 0-T/_OQ-_P#': /I^BOF#_AH[QA_T#=#_P_$W_QVC_A
MH[QA_P! W0_^_$W_ ,=H ^GZ*^8/^&CO&'_0-T/_ +\3?_':/^&CO&'_ $#=
M#_[\3?\ QV@#Z?HKY@_X:.\8?] W0_\ OQ-_\=H_X:.\8?\ 0-T/_OQ-_P#'
M: /I^BOF#_AH[QA_T#=#_P_$W_QVC_AH[QA_P! W0_^_$W_ 
=H ^GZY_QW

/^@;H?_?B;_X[574_CUXIUK2;S2KFPT=(
5+V![:1HX90P5U*DC

end


















    


    




        


        




    


    



      


      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      


      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      


      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      


  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;div align=left&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:3.33%;white-space:nowrap&gt;

&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;font-weight:bold;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;Organization and Business Operations&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Organization and General&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Gores Holdings
 Inc. (the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;) was incorporated in Delaware on June 1
 2015. The Company was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger
 capital stock exchange
 asset acquisition
 stock purchase
 reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the &amp;#8220;Business Combination&amp;#8221;). The Company has neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenue to date. The Company&amp;#8217;s management has broad discretion with respect to the Business Combination. The Company&amp;#8217;s Sponsor is Gores Sponsor LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company (the &amp;#8220;Sponsor&amp;#8221;). The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year-end.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:12pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;At December 31
 2015
 the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from June 1
 2015 (inception) through December 31
 2015 relates to the Company&amp;#8217;s formation
 initial public offering (&amp;#8220;Public Offering&amp;#8221;) described below and efforts directed toward locating a suitable Business Combination. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its Business Combination
 at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds derived from the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants (as defined below) held in the Trust Account (as defined below).&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:18pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Financing&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company intends to finance a Business Combination with the net proceeds from its $375
000
000 Public Offering and its sale of $9
500
000 of Private Placement Warrants.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:12pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Upon the closing of the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants
 an aggregate of $375
000
000 was placed in a Trust Account with Continental Stock Transfer &amp;amp; Trust Company (the &amp;#8220;Trust Account&amp;#8221;) acting as Trustee.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:18pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Trust Account&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Trust Account can be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of one hundred and eighty (180) days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940 that invest only in direct U.S. government obligations. As of December 31
 2015 the Trust Account consisted solely of money market funds.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:12pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that
 other than the withdrawal of interest to pay taxes
 if any
 none of the funds held in trust will be released until the earlier of: (i) the completion of the Business Combination; or (ii) the redemption of any public shares of common stock properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company&amp;#8217;s amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of the Company&amp;#8217;s obligation to redeem 100% of such public shares of common stock if the Company does not complete the Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering; or (iii) the redemption of 100% of the public shares of common stock if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering
 subject to the requirements of law and stock exchange rules.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:18pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Business Combination&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Public Offering
 although substantially all of the net proceeds of the Public Offering are intended to be generally applied toward consummating a Business Combination. The Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the Trust Account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest income earned) at the time of the Company signing a definitive agreement in connection with the Business Combination. Furthermore
 there is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:12pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company
 after signing a definitive agreement for a Business Combination
 will either (i)&amp;#160;seek stockholder approval of the Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose in connection with which stockholders may seek to redeem their shares
 regardless of whether they vote for or against the Business Combination
 for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Business Combination
 including interest income but less taxes payable
 or (ii)&amp;#160;provide stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to the Company by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount in cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Business Combination
 including interest income but less taxes payable. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of the Business Combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares in a tender offer will be made by the Company
 solely in its discretion
 and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require the Company to seek stockholder approval
 unless a vote is required by law or under NASDAQ rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval
 it will complete its Business Combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. Currently
 the Company will not redeem its public shares of common stock in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than $5
000
001. In such case
 the Company would not proceed with the redemption of its public shares of common stock and the related Business Combination
 and instead may search for an alternate Business Combination.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:12pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;As a result of the foregoing redemption provisions
 the public shares of common stock have been recorded at redemption amount and classified as temporary equity
 in accordance with ASC 480
 &amp;#8220;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASC 480&amp;#8221;).&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:12pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company will have 24 months from the closing date of the Public Offering to complete its Business Combination. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within this period of time
 it shall (i)&amp;#160;cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up; (ii)&amp;#160;as promptly as reasonably possible
 but not more than ten business days thereafter
 redeem the public shares of&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;common stock for a per share pro rata portion of the Trust Account
 including interest income
 but less taxes payable (less up to $50
000 of such net interest income to pay dissolution expenses) and (iii)&amp;#160;as promptly as possible following such redemption
 dissolve and liquidate the balance of the Company&amp;#8217;s net assets to its remaining stockholders
 as part of its plan of dissolution and liquidation. The Sponsor and the Company&amp;#8217;s officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with the Company
 pursuant to which they waived their rights to participate in any redemption with respect to their Founder Shares (as defined below); however
 if the Sponsor or any of the Company&amp;#8217;s officers
 directors or affiliates acquire public shares of common stock
 they will be entitled to a pro rata share of the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the required time period.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:12pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;In the event of such distribution
 it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be less than the initial public offering price per Unit in the Public Offering.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:18pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Emerging Growth Company&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is
 those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies
 the Company
 as an emerging growth company
 can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard.&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;div align=left&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:3.33%;white-space:nowrap&gt;

&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;font-weight:bold;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;Significant Accounting Policies&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Basis of Presentation&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&amp;#8220;U.S. GAAP&amp;#8221;) and pursuant to the accounting and disclosure rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (&amp;#8220;SEC&amp;#8221;)
 and reflect all adjustments
 consisting only of normal recurring adjustments
 which are
 in the opinion of management
 necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position as of December 31
 2015 and the results of operations and cash flows for the period presented.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:18pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net Loss Per Common Share&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period
 plus to the extent dilutive the incremental number of shares of common stock to be issued in connection with the conversion of Class F common stock or to settle warrants
 as calculated using the treasury stock method. At December 31
 2015
 the Company did not have any dilutive securities or other contracts that could
 potentially
 be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company under the treasury stock method. As a result
 diluted net loss per common share is the same as basic net loss per common share for the period.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:18pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Concentration of Credit Risk&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution as well as the Trust Account
 which at times
 may exceed the Federal depository insurance coverage of $250
000. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:18pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Financial Instruments&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The fair value of the Company&amp;#8217;s assets and liabilities
 which qualify as financial instruments under ASC 820
 &amp;#8220;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
&amp;#8221; approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:18pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Offering Costs&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company complies with the requirements of the ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) Topic 5A&amp;#160;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#8220;Expenses of Offering&amp;#8221;. Offering costs consist principally of professional and registration fees incurred through the balance sheet date that are related to the Public Offering and were charged to stockholders&amp;#8217; equity upon the completion of the Public Offering. Accordingly
 at December 31
 2015
 offering costs totaling approximately $21
407
116 (including $20
625
000 in underwriters&amp;#8217; fees) have been charged to stockholders&amp;#8217; equity.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:18pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Redeemable Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;As discussed in Note 3
 all of the 37
500
000 common shares sold as part of the units in the Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such public shares in connection with the Company&amp;#8217;s liquidation
 if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company&amp;#8217;s charter. In accordance with ASC 480
 redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require Common Stock subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation events
 which involve the redemption and liquidation of all of the entity&amp;#8217;s equity instruments
 are excluded from the provisions of ASC 480. Although the Company did not specify a maximum redemption threshold
 its charter provides that currently
 the Company will not redeem its public shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets (stockholders&amp;#8217; equity) to be less than $5
000
001.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:12pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable Common Stock to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common stock are affected by charges against additional paid in capital.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:12pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Accordingly
 at December 31
 2015
 35
764
796 of the 37
500
000 public shares are classified outside of permanent equity at its redemption value.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:18pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires the Company&amp;#8217;s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:18pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company follows the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes under ASC 740
 &amp;#8220;Income Taxes.&amp;#8221; Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established
 when necessary
 to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:12pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;For those liabilities or benefits to be recognized
 a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax liabilities as income tax expense. No amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties at December 31
 2015.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:12pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company may be subject to potential examination by U.S. federal
 states or foreign jurisdiction authorities in the areas of income taxes. These potential examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions
 the nexus of income amounts various tax jurisdictions and compliance with U.S. federal
 states or foreign tax laws.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:12pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company is incorporated in the State of Delaware and is required to pay franchise taxes to the State of Delaware on an annual basis.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:18pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company considers all highly liquid instruments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company continually monitors its positions with and the credit quality of the financial institutions with which it invests. As of the balance sheet date
 and periodically throughout the year
 the Company has maintained balances in various operating accounts in excess of federally insured limits.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:18pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Trust Account&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company has $375
010
481 in the Trust Account which may be utilized for Business Combinations. At December 31
 2015 the Trust Account consisted of solely money market funds.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:12pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that
 other than the withdrawal of interest to pay taxes
 if any
 none of the funds held in trust will be released until the earlier of: (i) the completion of the Business Combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares of common stock properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company&amp;#8217;s amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of the Company&amp;#8217;s obligation to redeem 100% of such public shares of common stock if the Company does not complete the Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering; or (iii) the redemption of 100% of the public shares of common stock if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering
 subject to the requirements of law and stock exchange rules.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:18pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221;) No. 2014-10 to Topic 915
 which eliminated certain financial reporting requirements of companies previously identified as &amp;#8220;Development Stage Entities&amp;#8221; (Topic 915). The amendments in ASU No. 2014-10 simplify the accounting guidance by removing all incremental financial reporting requirements for development stage entities. The amendments also reduce data maintenance and
 for those entities subject to audit
 audit costs
 by eliminating the requirement for development stage entities to present inception-to-date information in the statements of operations
 cash flows and stockholders&amp;#8217; equity. The adoption of ASU No. 2014-10 did not have a significant impact on the financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:18pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company adopted FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-15
 which provided guidance on management&amp;#8217;s responsibility in evaluating whether there is substantial doubt about a company&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the date the financial statements are issued and to provide related footnote disclosures. The adoption of this guidance did not have a significant impact on the financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:18pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:12pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;In November 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17
 &lt;font style=font-style:italic;&gt;Income Taxes - Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes (Topic 740). &lt;/font&gt;The amendments under the new guidance require that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. The guidance is effective for consolidated financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within those annual periods. Earlier application is permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The amendments in this ASU may be applied either prospectively to all deferred tax liabilities and assets or retrospectively to all periods presented. The Company has early adopted this guidance effective December 31
 2015 on a retrospective basis
 the impact of which was not significant to the financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:18pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Going Concern Consideration&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;If the Company does not complete its Business Combination by August 19
 2017
 the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up
 (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter
 redeem 100% of the common stock sold as part of the units in the Public Offering
 at a per-share price
 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account
 including interest (which interest shall be net of franchise and income taxes payable and less up to $50
000 of such net interest which may be distributed to the Company to pay dissolution expenses)
 divided by the number of then outstanding public shares
 which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders&amp;#8217; rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions
 if any)
 subject to applicable law
 and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption
 subject to the approval of the Company&amp;#8217;s remaining stockholders and the Company&amp;#8217;s Board of Directors
 dissolve and liquidate
 subject in each case to the Company&amp;#8217;s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:12pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;In the event of such distribution
 it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be less than the initial public offering price per unit in the Public Offering. In addition if the Company fails to complete its Business Combination by August 19
 2017
 there will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the warrants
 which will expire worthless.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:12pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;In addition
 at December 31
 2015
 the Company had current liabilities of $287
301 and working capital of $762
484 largely due to amounts owed to professionals
 consultants
 advisors and others who are working on seeking a Business Combination described in Note 1. Such work is continuing after December 31
 2015 and amounts are continuing to accrue.&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;div align=left&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:3.33%;white-space:nowrap&gt;

&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;font-weight:bold;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;Public Offering&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Public Units&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;On August&amp;#160;19
 2015
 the Company sold 37
500
000 units at a price of $10.00 per unit (the &amp;#8220;Units&amp;#8221;)
 including 2
500
000 Units as a result of the underwriters&amp;#8217; partial exercise of their over-allotment option
 generating gross proceeds of $375
000
000. Each Unit consists of one share of the Company&amp;#8217;s Class A common stock
 $0.0001 par value
 and one redeemable Class A common stock purchase warrant (the &amp;#8220;Warrants&amp;#8221;).&amp;#160;Each Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one-half of one share of Class A common stock for $5.75 per half share.&amp;#160;Each Warrant will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of the Business Combination or 12 months from the closing of the Public Offering and will expire five years after the completion of the Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.&amp;#160;However
 if the Company does not complete the Business Combination on or prior to the 24-month period allotted to complete the Business Combination
 the Warrants will expire at the end of such period.&amp;#160;The Warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer&amp;#160;&amp;amp; Trust Company
 as warrant agent
 and the Company. The Company did not register the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &amp;#8220;Securities Act&amp;#8221;) or any state securities law. Under the terms of the warrant agreement
 the Company has agreed to use its best efforts to file a registration statement under the Securities Act following the completion of the Business Combination covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:12pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company paid an upfront underwriting discount of 2.00% ($7
500
000) of the per Unit offering price to the underwriters at the closing of the Public Offering
 with an additional fee (the &amp;#8220;Deferred Discount&amp;#8221;) of 3.50% of the per Unit offering price payable upon the Company&amp;#8217;s completion of a Business Combination. The Deferred Discount will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event the Company completes its Business Combination.&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;div align=left&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:3.33%;white-space:nowrap&gt;

&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;font-weight:bold;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;Related Party Transactions&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Founder Shares&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;On June&amp;#160;12
 2015
 the Sponsor purchased 11
500
000 shares of Class F common stock (the &amp;#8220;Founder Shares&amp;#8221;) for an aggregate purchase price of $25
000
 or approximately $0.002 per share. Subsequently
 the Sponsor transferred an aggregate of 50
000 Founder Shares to the Company&amp;#8217;s independent directors (together with the Sponsor
 the &amp;#8220;Initial Stockholders&amp;#8221;). On August 13
 2015
 the Sponsor forfeited 1
437
500 Founder Shares
 and following the expiration of the unexercised portion of underwriters&amp;#8217; over-allotment option
 the Sponsor forfeited an additional 687
500 Founder Shares
 so that the Founder Shares held by the Initial Stockholders would represent 20.0% of the outstanding shares of common stock following completion of the Public Offering. Such forfeitures were retroactively applied as indicated in the condensed statement of changes in stockholders&amp;#8217; equity to reflect an initial sale of 9
375
000 Founder Shares to the Sponsor in June 2015. The Founder Shares are identical to the common stock included in the Units sold in the Public Offering except that the Founder Shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of the Business Combination on a one-for-one basis
 subject to adjustment as described in the Company&amp;#8217;s amended and restated certificate of incorporation.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:18pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Private Placement Warrants&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Sponsor purchased from the Company an aggregate of 19
000
000 warrants at a price of $0.50 per warrant (a purchase price of $9
500
000) in a private placement that occurred prior to the Public Offering (the &amp;#8220;Private Placement Warrants&amp;#8221;). Each Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one-half of one share of Class A common stock at $5.75 per half share. A portion of the purchase price of the Private Placement Warrants was added to the proceeds from the Public Offering to be held in the Trust Account pending completion of the Business Combination.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:12pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Private Placement Warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the Warrants sold as part of the Units in the Public Offering
 except that the Private Placement Warrants may be net cash settled and are not redeemable so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:12pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;If the Company does not complete a Business Combination
 then the Private Placement Warrants proceeds will be part of the liquidation distribution to the public stockholders and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:18pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Registration Rights&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The holders of Founder Shares
 Private Placement Warrants and warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans
 if any
 have registration rights (in the case of the Founder Shares
 only after conversion of such shares to common shares) pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered into by the Company
 the Sponsor and the other security holders named therein on August&amp;#160;13
 2015. These holders will also have certain demand and &amp;#8220;piggy back&amp;#8221; registration rights. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:18pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Sponsor Loan&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;On June&amp;#160;12
 2015
 the Sponsor loaned the Company an aggregate of $150
000 by the issuance of an unsecured promissory note for $150
000 to cover expenses related to the Public Offering
 and on August&amp;#160;6
 2015
 the Sponsor loaned the Company an additional $150
000 by the issuance of a second unsecured promissory note for $150
000 to cover expenses related to the Public Offering. These Notes were non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of December&amp;#160;31
 2015 or the completion of the Public Offering. These Notes were repaid in full upon the completion of the Public Offering.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:18pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Administrative Service Agreement&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company entered into an administrative services agreement on August&amp;#160;13
 2015
 pursuant to which it agreed to pay to an affiliate of the Sponsor $10
000 a month for office space
 utilities and secretarial support. Services commenced on the date the securities were first listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market and will terminate upon the earlier of the consummation by the Company of a Business Combination or the liquidation of the Company. For the period from June 1
 2015 (inception) to December 31
 2015
 the Company paid an affiliate of the Sponsor $45


&lt;div align=left&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:3.33%;white-space:nowrap&gt;

&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;font-weight:bold;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred Underwriting Compensation&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company is committed to pay the Deferred Discount totaling $13
125
000 or 3.50% of the gross offering proceeds of the Public Offering
 to the underwriters upon the Company&amp;#8217;s consummation of a Business Combination. The underwriters are not entitled to any interest accrued on the Deferred Discount
 and no Deferred Discount is payable to the underwriters if there is no Business Combination.&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;div align=left&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:3.33%;white-space:nowrap&gt;

&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;font-weight:bold;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Components of the Company&amp;#8217;s deferred tax asset at December 31
 2015 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:60%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:75.76%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net operating loss&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.32%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.32%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.34%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;178
569&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.26%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#FFFFFF style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:75.76%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#FFFFFF style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.32%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#FFFFFF style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.32%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#FFFFFF style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.34%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(178
569&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#FFFFFF style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.26%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:75.76%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.32%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.66%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.26%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:1pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:2pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company established a valuation allowance of approximately $178
569 as of December 31
 2015
 which fully offsets the deferred tax asset as of December 31
 2015 of approximately $178
569. The deferred tax asset results from applying an effective combined federal and state tax rate of 38% to net operating loss of approximately $469
919 as of December 31
 2015. The Company&amp;#8217;s net operating losses will expire beginning 2035.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:12pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company has evaluated tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing the financial statements to determine if the tax positions are &amp;#8220;more likely than not&amp;#8221; of being sustained by the applicable tax authority. Tax positions not deemed to meet the &amp;#8220;more likely than not&amp;#8221; threshold would be recorded as a tax benefit or expense in the current year. The Company has concluded that there was no impact related to uncertain tax positions on the results of its operations for the period ended December&amp;#160;31
 2015. As of December&amp;#160;31
 2015
 the Company has no accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments
 accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company&amp;#8217;s conclusions regarding tax positions will be subject to review and may be adjusted at a later date based on factors including
 but not limited to
 ongoing analyses of tax laws
 regulations


&lt;div align=left&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:3.33%;white-space:nowrap&gt;

&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;font-weight:bold;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;Investments and cash held in Trust&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;As of December 31
 2015 investment securities in the Company&amp;#8217;s Trust Account consist of $375
010


&lt;div align=left&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:3.33%;white-space:nowrap&gt;

&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;font-weight:bold;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair Value Measurement&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company complies with FASB ASC 820
 Fair Value Measurements
 for its financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at each reporting period
 and non-financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at least annually.&lt;font style=color:#000000;&gt; ASC 820 determines fair value to be the price that would be received to sell an asset or would be paid to transfer a liability (i.e.
 the exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:12pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The following table presents information about the Company&amp;#8217;s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31
 2015
 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation techniques the Company utilized to determine such fair value. In general
 fair values determined by Level 1 inputs utilize quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Fair values determined by Level 2 inputs utilize data points that are observable such as quoted prices
 interest rates and yield curves. Fair values determined by Level 3 inputs are unobservable data points for the asset or liability
 and includes situations where there is little
 if any
 market activity for the asset or liability:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:90%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:50.02%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.9%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.42%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.62%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.2%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.66%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.64%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.06%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Significant&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Significant&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.52%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:50.02%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.9%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.42%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.62%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.2%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.66%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.64%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.06%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Other&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Other&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.52%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:50.02%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.9%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.42%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.62%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.86%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Quoted&lt;font style=font-family:Calibri;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;Prices&lt;font style=font-family:Calibri;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;in&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.64%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Calibri;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.06%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Observable&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Unobservable&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.52%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:50.02%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.9%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.6%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.62%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.86%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Active Markets&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.64%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.06%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Inputs&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Inputs&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.52%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:50.02%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Description&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.9%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.6%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.62%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.92%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.86%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(Level 1)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.64%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.92%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.06%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(Level 2)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.92%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.92%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(Level 3)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.52%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:50.02%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Investments in money market fund held in Trust Account&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.9%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.42%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;375
010
481&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.62%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.2%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.66%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;375
010
481&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.64%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.06%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.52%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:50.02%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:13.7pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Total&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.9%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.42%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;375
010
481&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.62%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.2%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.66%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;375
010
481&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.64%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.2%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=width:8.86%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.2%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=width:8.9%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.52%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;div align=left&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:3.33%;white-space:nowrap&gt;

&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;font-weight:bold;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;Stockholders&amp;#8217; Equity&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company is authorized to issue 220
000
000 shares of common stock
 consisting of 200
000
000 shares of Class A common stock
 par value $0.0001 per share and 20
000
000 shares of Class F common stock
 par value $0.0001 per share. Holders of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock are entitled to one vote for each share of common stock and vote together as a single class. At December 31
 2015
 there were 37
500
000 shares of Class A common stock and 9
375
000 shares of Class F common stock issued and outstanding.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:18pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Preferred Stock&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company is authorized to issue 1
000
000 shares of preferred stock
 par value $0.0001 per share
 with such designations
 voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors. At December 31
 2015


&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Basis of Presentation&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&amp;#8220;U.S. GAAP&amp;#8221;) and pursuant to the accounting and disclosure rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (&amp;#8220;SEC&amp;#8221;)
 and reflect all adjustments
 consisting only of normal recurring adjustments
 which are
 in the opinion of management
 necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position as of December 31


&lt;p style=margin-top:18pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net Loss Per Common Share&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period
 plus to the extent dilutive the incremental number of shares of common stock to be issued in connection with the conversion of Class F common stock or to settle warrants
 as calculated using the treasury stock method. At December 31
 2015
 the Company did not have any dilutive securities or other contracts that could
 potentially
 be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company under the treasury stock method. As a result


&lt;p style=margin-top:18pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Concentration of Credit Risk&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution as well as the Trust Account
 which at times
 may exceed the Federal depository insurance coverage of $250


&lt;p style=margin-top:18pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Financial Instruments&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The fair value of the Company&amp;#8217;s assets and liabilities
 which qualify as financial instruments under ASC 820
 &amp;#8220;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures


&lt;p style=margin-top:18pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Offering Costs&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company complies with the requirements of the ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) Topic 5A&amp;#160;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#8220;Expenses of Offering&amp;#8221;. Offering costs consist principally of professional and registration fees incurred through the balance sheet date that are related to the Public Offering and were charged to stockholders&amp;#8217; equity upon the completion of the Public Offering. Accordingly
 at December 31
 2015
 offering costs totaling approximately $21
407
116 (including $20
625


&lt;p style=margin-top:18pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Redeemable Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;As discussed in Note 3
 all of the 37
500
000 common shares sold as part of the units in the Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such public shares in connection with the Company&amp;#8217;s liquidation
 if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company&amp;#8217;s charter. In accordance with ASC 480
 redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require Common Stock subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation events
 which involve the redemption and liquidation of all of the entity&amp;#8217;s equity instruments
 are excluded from the provisions of ASC 480. Although the Company did not specify a maximum redemption threshold
 its charter provides that currently
 the Company will not redeem its public shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets (stockholders&amp;#8217; equity) to be less than $5
000
001.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:12pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable Common Stock to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common stock are affected by charges against additional paid in capital.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:12pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Accordingly
 at December 31
 2015
 35
764
796 of the 37
500


&lt;p style=margin-top:18pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=margin-top:18pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company follows the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes under ASC 740
 &amp;#8220;Income Taxes.&amp;#8221; Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established
 when necessary
 to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:12pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;For those liabilities or benefits to be recognized
 a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax liabilities as income tax expense. No amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties at December 31
 2015.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:12pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company may be subject to potential examination by U.S. federal
 states or foreign jurisdiction authorities in the areas of income taxes. These potential examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions
 the nexus of income amounts various tax jurisdictions and compliance with U.S. federal
 states or foreign tax laws.&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=margin-top:18pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company considers all highly liquid instruments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company continually monitors its positions with and the credit quality of the financial institutions with which it invests. As of the balance sheet date
 and periodically throughout the year


&lt;p style=margin-top:18pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Trust Account&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company has $375
010
481 in the Trust Account which may be utilized for Business Combinations. At December 31
 2015 the Trust Account consisted of solely money market funds.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:12pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that
 other than the withdrawal of interest to pay taxes
 if any
 none of the funds held in trust will be released until the earlier of: (i) the completion of the Business Combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares of common stock properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company&amp;#8217;s amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of the Company&amp;#8217;s obligation to redeem 100% of such public shares of common stock if the Company does not complete the Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering; or (iii) the redemption of 100% of the public shares of common stock if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering


&lt;p style=margin-top:18pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221;) No. 2014-10 to Topic 915
 which eliminated certain financial reporting requirements of companies previously identified as &amp;#8220;Development Stage Entities&amp;#8221; (Topic 915). The amendments in ASU No. 2014-10 simplify the accounting guidance by removing all incremental financial reporting requirements for development stage entities. The amendments also reduce data maintenance and
 for those entities subject to audit
 audit costs
 by eliminating the requirement for development stage entities to present inception-to-date information in the statements of operations
 cash flows and stockholders&amp;#8217; equity. The adoption of ASU No. 2014-10 did not have a significant impact on the financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:18pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company adopted FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-15


&lt;p style=margin-top:18pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:12pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;In November 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17
 &lt;font style=font-style:italic;&gt;Income Taxes - Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes (Topic 740). &lt;/font&gt;The amendments under the new guidance require that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. The guidance is effective for consolidated financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within those annual periods. Earlier application is permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The amendments in this ASU may be applied either prospectively to all deferred tax liabilities and assets or retrospectively to all periods presented. The Company has early adopted this guidance effective December 31
 2015 on a retrospective basis


&lt;p style=margin-top:18pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Going Concern Consideration&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;If the Company does not complete its Business Combination by August 19
 2017
 the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up
 (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter
 redeem 100% of the common stock sold as part of the units in the Public Offering
 at a per-share price
 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account
 including interest (which interest shall be net of franchise and income taxes payable and less up to $50
000 of such net interest which may be distributed to the Company to pay dissolution expenses)
 divided by the number of then outstanding public shares
 which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders&amp;#8217; rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions
 if any)
 subject to applicable law
 and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption
 subject to the approval of the Company&amp;#8217;s remaining stockholders and the Company&amp;#8217;s Board of Directors
 dissolve and liquidate
 subject in each case to the Company&amp;#8217;s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:12pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;In the event of such distribution
 it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be less than the initial public offering price per unit in the Public Offering. In addition if the Company fails to complete its Business Combination by August 19
 2017
 there will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the warrants
 which will expire worthless.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top:12pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;In addition
 at December 31
 2015
 the Company had current liabilities of $287
301 and working capital of $762
484 largely due to amounts owed to professionals
 consultants
 advisors and others who are working on seeking a Business Combination described in Note 1. Such work is continuing after December 31


&lt;p style=margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Components of the Company&amp;#8217;s deferred tax asset at December 31
 2015 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:60%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:75.76%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net operating loss&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.32%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.32%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.34%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;178
569&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.26%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#FFFFFF style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:75.76%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#FFFFFF style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.32%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#FFFFFF style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.32%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#FFFFFF style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.34%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(178
569&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#FFFFFF style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.26%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:75.76%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.32%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.66%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.26%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:1pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;p style=margin-top:12pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The following table presents information about the Company&amp;#8217;s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31
 2015
 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation techniques the Company utilized to determine such fair value. In general
 fair values determined by Level 1 inputs utilize quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Fair values determined by Level 2 inputs utilize data points that are observable such as quoted prices
 interest rates and yield curves. Fair values determined by Level 3 inputs are unobservable data points for the asset or liability
 and includes situations where there is little
 if any
 market activity for the asset or liability:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:90%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:50.02%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.9%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.42%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.62%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.2%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.66%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.64%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.06%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Significant&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Significant&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.52%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:50.02%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.9%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.42%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.62%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.2%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.66%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.64%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.06%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Other&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Other&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.52%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:50.02%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.9%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.42%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.62%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.86%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Quoted&lt;font style=font-family:Calibri;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;Prices&lt;font style=font-family:Calibri;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;in&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.64%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Calibri;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.06%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Observable&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Unobservable&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.52%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:50.02%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.9%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.6%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.62%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.86%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Active Markets&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.64%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.06%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Inputs&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Inputs&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.52%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:50.02%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Description&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.9%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.6%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.62%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.92%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.86%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(Level 1)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.64%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.92%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.06%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(Level 2)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.92%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.92%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(Level 3)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.52%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:50.02%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Investments in money market fund held in Trust Account&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.9%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.42%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;375
010
481&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.62%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.2%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.66%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;375
010
481&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.64%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.06%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.52%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:50.02%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:13.7pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Total&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.9%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.42%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;375
010
481&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.62%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.2%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.66%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;375
010
481&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.64%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.2%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=width:8.86%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.92%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.2%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=width:8.9%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.52%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2017
 the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up
 (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter
 redeem 100% of the common stock sold as part of the units in the Public Offering
 at a per-share price
 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account
 including interest (which interest shall be net of franchise and income taxes payable and less up to $50
000 of such net interest which may be distributed to the Company to pay dissolution expenses)
 divided by the number of then outstanding public shares
 which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders&#8217; rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions
 if any)
 subject to applicable law
 and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption
 subject to the approval of the Company&#8217;s remaining stockholders and the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors
 dissolve and liquidate
 subject in each case to the Company&#8217;s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.
In the event of such distribution
 it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be less than the initial public offering price per unit in the Public Offering. In addition if the Company fails to complete its Business Combination by August 19
 2017
 there will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the warrants

  
  
  
  
  
  

 $0.0001 par value

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

125
000 or 3.50% of the gross offering proceeds of the Public Offering
 to the underwriters upon the Company&#8217;s consummation of a Business Combination. The underwriters are not entitled to any interest accrued on the Deferred Discount

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



125






125













































        
        
        
        






        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    

    

    


    

    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    
    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    




    

    

    

    


    


    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    
    

    

    

    

    
    
    

    

    


764
796 shares at December 31


    

    

    


 $0.0001 par value; 1
000
000 shares authorized


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    





    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    


    

    


    


    


    

    
    
    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    




    




    

    


    


    


    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    








    




    




    

    

    
    
    


    


    

    

    




    
    





    


    


    

    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    



    

    



    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    

    

    

    


    

    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    

    
    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    
    
    

    


    

    

    


    

    
    
    

    


    

    

    


    

    
    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    
    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    

    

    

    


    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    


    

    
    
    
    

    

    
    

    

    
    

    

    
    

    


    

    
    
    
    

    

    

    

    
    

    


    

    
    
    
    




    

    

    
    




    

    

    
    
    

    


    


    


    

    

    

    

    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    

    

    


    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    


    

    

    

    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


    


    



    

    

    


    

    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    



    

    

    
    


    
    

    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    




    

    


    


    


    


    

    
    
    
    




    


    


    


    





























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2015
Mar. 16
 2016
Jun. 30
 2015































  2015




































 Inc.
























































































Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



500
000























Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



375
000









If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.

























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















635






149






049
785












010
481






060
265












384






917






301












125
000






412
301




Common stock subject to possible redemption; 35
764
796 shares at December 31
 2015 (at redemption value of $10.00 per share)

647
960










Preferred stock
 $0.0001 par value; 1
000
000 shares authorized
 none issued or outstanding







468
811






919)






000
004






060
265











































125

































































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Value received from shareholders in common stock-related transactions that are in excess of par value or stated value and amounts received from other stock-related transactions. Includes only common stock transactions (excludes preferred stock transactions). May be called contributed capital
 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.




















































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.




















































































Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























The noncurrent cash
 cash equivalents and investments that is restricted as to withdrawal or usage. Restrictions may include legally restricted deposits held as compensating balances against borrowing arrangements
 contracts entered into with others
 or entity statements of intention with regard to particular deposits classified as long-term; that is not expected to be released from such existing restrictions within one year of the balance sheet date or operating cycle
 whichever is longer. Excludes compensating balance arrangements that are not agreements which legally restrict the use of cash amounts shown on the balance sheet. Includes noncurrent cash equivalents and investments that are similarly restricted as to withdrawal
 usage or disposal.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
























































Carrying amount
 attributable to parent
 of an entity's issued and outstanding stock which is not included within permanent equity. Temporary equity is a security with redemption features that are outside the control of the issuer
 is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP
 and is not mandatorily redeemable. Includes any type of security that is redeemable at a fixed or determinable price or on a fixed or determinable date or dates
 is redeemable at the option of the holder
 or has conditions for redemption which are not solely within the control of the issuer. Includes stock with a put option held by an ESOP and stock redeemable by a holder only in the event of a change in control of the issuer.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















Common stock
 shares subject to possible redemption

764
796



Common stock
 shares subject to possible redemption per share | $ / shares




Preferred stock
 par value | $ / shares




Preferred stock
 shares authorized

000
000



Preferred stock
 shares issued




Preferred stock
 shares outstanding




Common stock
 par value | $ / shares




Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000








Common stock
 par value | $ / shares




Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

735
204



Common stock
 shares outstanding

735
204








Common stock
 par value | $ / shares




Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

375
000



Common stock
 shares outstanding

375
000



Common stock
 shares forfeited

125
000






























































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.

























































Amount to be paid per share that is classified as temporary equity by entity upon redemption. Temporary equity is a security with redemption features that are outside the control of the issuer
 is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP
 and is not mandatorily redeemable. Includes any type of security that is redeemable at a fixed or determinable price or on a fixed or determinable date or dates
 is redeemable at the option of the holder
 or has conditions for redemption which are not solely within the control of the issuer. If convertible
 the issuer does not control the actions or events necessary to issue the maximum number of shares that could be required to be delivered under the conversion option if the holder exercises the option to convert the stock to another class of equity. If the security is a warrant or a rights issue
 the warrant or rights issue is considered to be temporary equity if the issuer cannot demonstrate that it would be able to deliver upon the exercise of the option by the holder in all cases. Includes stock with put option held by ESOP and stock redeemable by holder only in the event of a change in control of the issuer.




























The number of securities classified as temporary equity that have been issued and are held by the entity's shareholders. Securities outstanding equals securities issued minus securities held in treasury. Temporary equity is a security with redemption features that are outside the control of the issuer
 is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP
 and is not mandatorily redeemable. Includes any type of security that is redeemable at a fixed or determinable price or on a fixed or determinable date or dates
 is redeemable at the option of the holder
 or has conditions for redemption which are not solely within the control of the issuer. If convertible
 the issuer does not control the actions or events necessary to issue the maximum number of shares that could be required to be delivered under the conversion option if the holder exercises the option to convert the stock to another class of equity. If the security is a warrant or a rights issue
 the warrant or rights issue is considered to be temporary equity if the issuer cannot demonstrate that it would be able to deliver upon the exercise of the option by the holder in all cases. Includes stock with put option held by ESOP and stock redeemable by holder only in the event of a change in control of the issuer.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
























207)




State franchise taxes
 other than income tax

917)






124)






205






919)




Weighted average common shares outstanding
 basic and diluted | shares

856
156




Net loss per common share
 basic and diluted | $ / shares








125























































































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



















Common stock
 shares forfeited

125
000












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY - 7 months ended Dec. 31
 2015 - USD ($)














































Beginning Balance
 values at May. 31
 2015



































Beginning Balance
 shares at May. 31
 2015



































Sale of common stock
 values















000





062




000
000




750




996
250



Sale of common stock
 shares



500
000















375
000










500
000







Sale of Private Placement Warrants to Sponsor
 values





500
000






500
000


























282
117)








282
117)




























125
000)








125
000)


























Class A common stock subject to possible redemption
 value






















899
070)




579)




895
491)





Class A common stock subject to possible redemption
 shares

764
796)





















789
907)




789
907)











110








107


























Change in proceeds subject to possible redemption to shares at redemption value
 shares

764
796






111






























919)












919)






















Ending Balance
 values at Dec. 31
 2015

000
004






112


468
811




919)






















Ending Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2015







110
204








375
000







735
204
















125






























































































Amount of decrease in additional paid in capital (APIC) resulting from direct costs associated with issuing stock. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal and accounting fees and direct costs associated with stock issues under a shelf registration.






















































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.





























 -Paragraph 29
 30




























 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31





















































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















Common stock
 redemption shares

764
796



Common stock
 redemption shares

764
796








Sale of common stock
 shares

500
000








Common stock
 redemption shares

789
907













Common stock
 shares forfeited

125
000































































































 -Paragraph 29
 30






















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















919)





149)





917



Changes in accrued expenses
 formation and offering costs

384





767)










000
000)





481)





010
481)










000





000





000
000





500
000





000)





500
000)





117)





242
883





635





635










125
000


















































































































































































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.


















































































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of investing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.





























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015

















 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) was incorporated in Delaware on June 1
 2015. The Company was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger
 capital stock exchange
 asset acquisition
 stock purchase
 reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the &#8220;Business Combination&#8221;). The Company has neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenue to date. The Company&#8217;s management has broad discretion with respect to the Business Combination. The Company&#8217;s Sponsor is Gores Sponsor LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company (the &#8220;Sponsor&#8221;). The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year-end.

 2015
 the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from June 1
 2015 (inception) through December 31
 2015 relates to the Company&#8217;s formation
 initial public offering (&#8220;Public Offering&#8221;) described below and efforts directed toward locating a suitable Business Combination. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its Business Combination
 at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds derived from the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants (as defined below) held in the Trust Account (as defined below).


000
000 Public Offering and its sale of $9
500
000 of Private Placement Warrants.

 an aggregate of $375
000
000 was placed in a Trust Account with Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company (the &#8220;Trust Account&#8221;) acting as Trustee.


 2015 the Trust Account consisted solely of money market funds.

 other than the withdrawal of interest to pay taxes
 if any
 none of the funds held in trust will be released until the earlier of: (i) the completion of the Business Combination; or (ii) the redemption of any public shares of common stock properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company&#8217;s amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of the Company&#8217;s obligation to redeem 100% of such public shares of common stock if the Company does not complete the Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering; or (iii) the redemption of 100% of the public shares of common stock if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering
 subject to the requirements of law and stock exchange rules.


 although substantially all of the net proceeds of the Public Offering are intended to be generally applied toward consummating a Business Combination. The Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the Trust Account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest income earned) at the time of the Company signing a definitive agreement in connection with the Business Combination. Furthermore
 there is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination.

 after signing a definitive agreement for a Business Combination
 will either (i)&#160;seek stockholder approval of the Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose in connection with which stockholders may seek to redeem their shares
 regardless of whether they vote for or against the Business Combination
 for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Business Combination
 including interest income but less taxes payable
 or (ii)&#160;provide stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to the Company by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount in cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Business Combination
 including interest income but less taxes payable. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of the Business Combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares in a tender offer will be made by the Company
 solely in its discretion
 and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require the Company to seek stockholder approval
 unless a vote is required by law or under NASDAQ rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval
 it will complete its Business Combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. Currently
 the Company will not redeem its public shares of common stock in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than $5
000
001. In such case
 the Company would not proceed with the redemption of its public shares of common stock and the related Business Combination
 and instead may search for an alternate Business Combination.

 the public shares of common stock have been recorded at redemption amount and classified as temporary equity
 in accordance with ASC 480
 &#8220;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity&#8221; (&#8220;ASC 480&#8221;).

 it shall (i)&#160;cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up; (ii)&#160;as promptly as reasonably possible
 but not more than ten business days thereafter
 redeem the public shares of&nbsp;&nbsp;common stock for a per share pro rata portion of the Trust Account
 including interest income
 but less taxes payable (less up to $50
000 of such net interest income to pay dissolution expenses) and (iii)&#160;as promptly as possible following such redemption
 dissolve and liquidate the balance of the Company&#8217;s net assets to its remaining stockholders
 as part of its plan of dissolution and liquidation. The Sponsor and the Company&#8217;s officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with the Company
 pursuant to which they waived their rights to participate in any redemption with respect to their Founder Shares (as defined below); however
 if the Sponsor or any of the Company&#8217;s officers
 directors or affiliates acquire public shares of common stock
 they will be entitled to a pro rata share of the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the required time period.

 it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be less than the initial public offering price per Unit in the Public Offering.


 those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies
 the Company
 as an emerging growth company
 can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard.




































The entire disclosure for organization
 consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015

















 and reflect all adjustments
 consisting only of normal recurring adjustments
 which are
 in the opinion of management
 necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position as of December 31
 2015 and the results of operations and cash flows for the period presented.


 plus to the extent dilutive the incremental number of shares of common stock to be issued in connection with the conversion of Class F common stock or to settle warrants
 as calculated using the treasury stock method. At December 31
 2015
 the Company did not have any dilutive securities or other contracts that could
 potentially
 be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company under the treasury stock method. As a result
 diluted net loss per common share is the same as basic net loss per common share for the period.


 which at times
 may exceed the Federal depository insurance coverage of $250
000. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts.


 which qualify as financial instruments under ASC 820
 &#8220;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
&#8221; approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet.


 at December 31
 2015
 offering costs totaling approximately $21
407
116 (including $20
625
000 in underwriters&#8217; fees) have been charged to stockholders&#8217; equity.


 all of the 37
500
000 common shares sold as part of the units in the Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such public shares in connection with the Company&#8217;s liquidation
 if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company&#8217;s charter. In accordance with ASC 480
 redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require Common Stock subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation events
 which involve the redemption and liquidation of all of the entity&#8217;s equity instruments
 are excluded from the provisions of ASC 480. Although the Company did not specify a maximum redemption threshold
 its charter provides that currently
 the Company will not redeem its public shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets (stockholders&#8217; equity) to be less than $5
000
001.


 at December 31
 2015
 35
764
796 of the 37
500
000 public shares are classified outside of permanent equity at its redemption value.




 &#8220;Income Taxes.&#8221; Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established
 when necessary
 to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.

 a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax liabilities as income tax expense. No amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties at December 31
 2015.

 states or foreign jurisdiction authorities in the areas of income taxes. These potential examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions
 the nexus of income amounts various tax jurisdictions and compliance with U.S. federal
 states or foreign tax laws.



 and periodically throughout the year
 the Company has maintained balances in various operating accounts in excess of federally insured limits.


010
481 in the Trust Account which may be utilized for Business Combinations. At December 31
 2015 the Trust Account consisted of solely money market funds.

 other than the withdrawal of interest to pay taxes
 if any
 none of the funds held in trust will be released until the earlier of: (i) the completion of the Business Combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares of common stock properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company&#8217;s amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of the Company&#8217;s obligation to redeem 100% of such public shares of common stock if the Company does not complete the Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering; or (iii) the redemption of 100% of the public shares of common stock if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering
 subject to the requirements of law and stock exchange rules.


 which eliminated certain financial reporting requirements of companies previously identified as &#8220;Development Stage Entities&#8221; (Topic 915). The amendments in ASU No. 2014-10 simplify the accounting guidance by removing all incremental financial reporting requirements for development stage entities. The amendments also reduce data maintenance and
 for those entities subject to audit
 audit costs
 by eliminating the requirement for development stage entities to present inception-to-date information in the statements of operations
 cash flows and stockholders&#8217; equity. The adoption of ASU No. 2014-10 did not have a significant impact on the financial statements.

 which provided guidance on management&#8217;s responsibility in evaluating whether there is substantial doubt about a company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the date the financial statements are issued and to provide related footnote disclosures. The adoption of this guidance did not have a significant impact on the financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17
The amendments under the new guidance require that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. The guidance is effective for consolidated financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within those annual periods. Earlier application is permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The amendments in this ASU may be applied either prospectively to all deferred tax liabilities and assets or retrospectively to all periods presented. The Company has early adopted this guidance effective December 31
 2015 on a retrospective basis
 the impact of which was not significant to the financial statements.


 2017
 the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up
 (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter
 redeem 100% of the common stock sold as part of the units in the Public Offering
 at a per-share price
 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account
 including interest (which interest shall be net of franchise and income taxes payable and less up to $50
000 of such net interest which may be distributed to the Company to pay dissolution expenses)
 divided by the number of then outstanding public shares
 which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders&#8217; rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions
 if any)
 subject to applicable law
 and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption
 subject to the approval of the Company&#8217;s remaining stockholders and the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors
 dissolve and liquidate
 subject in each case to the Company&#8217;s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

 it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be less than the initial public offering price per unit in the Public Offering. In addition if the Company fails to complete its Business Combination by August 19
 2017
 there will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the warrants
 which will expire worthless.

 at December 31
 2015
 the Company had current liabilities of $287
301 and working capital of $762
484 largely due to amounts owed to professionals
 consultants
 advisors and others who are working on seeking a Business Combination described in Note 1. Such work is continuing after December 31
 2015 and amounts are continuing to accrue.














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015

















 2015
 the Company sold 37
500
000 units at a price of $10.00 per unit (the &#8220;Units&#8221;)
 including 2
500
000 Units as a result of the underwriters&#8217; partial exercise of their over-allotment option
 generating gross proceeds of $375
000
000. Each Unit consists of one share of the Company&#8217;s Class A common stock
 $0.0001 par value
 and one redeemable Class A common stock purchase warrant (the &#8220;Warrants&#8221;).&#160;Each Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one-half of one share of Class A common stock for $5.75 per half share.&#160;Each Warrant will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of the Business Combination or 12 months from the closing of the Public Offering and will expire five years after the completion of the Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.&#160;However
 if the Company does not complete the Business Combination on or prior to the 24-month period allotted to complete the Business Combination
 the Warrants will expire at the end of such period.&#160;The Warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer&#160;&amp; Trust Company
 as warrant agent
 and the Company. The Company did not register the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &#8220;Securities Act&#8221;) or any state securities law. Under the terms of the warrant agreement
 the Company has agreed to use its best efforts to file a registration statement under the Securities Act following the completion of the Business Combination covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

500
000) of the per Unit offering price to the underwriters at the closing of the Public Offering
 with an additional fee (the &#8220;Deferred Discount&#8221;) of 3.50% of the per Unit offering price payable upon the Company&#8217;s completion of a Business Combination. The Deferred Discount will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event the Company completes its Business Combination.















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015

















 2015
 the Sponsor purchased 11
500
000 shares of Class F common stock (the &#8220;Founder Shares&#8221;) for an aggregate purchase price of $25
000
 or approximately $0.002 per share. Subsequently
 the Sponsor transferred an aggregate of 50
000 Founder Shares to the Company&#8217;s independent directors (together with the Sponsor
 the &#8220;Initial Stockholders&#8221;). On August 13
 2015
 the Sponsor forfeited 1
437
500 Founder Shares
 and following the expiration of the unexercised portion of underwriters&#8217; over-allotment option
 the Sponsor forfeited an additional 687
500 Founder Shares
 so that the Founder Shares held by the Initial Stockholders would represent 20.0% of the outstanding shares of common stock following completion of the Public Offering. Such forfeitures were retroactively applied as indicated in the condensed statement of changes in stockholders&#8217; equity to reflect an initial sale of 9
375
000 Founder Shares to the Sponsor in June 2015. The Founder Shares are identical to the common stock included in the Units sold in the Public Offering except that the Founder Shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of the Business Combination on a one-for-one basis
 subject to adjustment as described in the Company&#8217;s amended and restated certificate of incorporation.


000
000 warrants at a price of $0.50 per warrant (a purchase price of $9
500
000) in a private placement that occurred prior to the Public Offering (the &#8220;Private Placement Warrants&#8221;). Each Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one-half of one share of Class A common stock at $5.75 per half share. A portion of the purchase price of the Private Placement Warrants was added to the proceeds from the Public Offering to be held in the Trust Account pending completion of the Business Combination.

 except that the Private Placement Warrants may be net cash settled and are not redeemable so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees.

 then the Private Placement Warrants proceeds will be part of the liquidation distribution to the public stockholders and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless.


 Private Placement Warrants and warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans
 if any
 have registration rights (in the case of the Founder Shares
 only after conversion of such shares to common shares) pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered into by the Company
 the Sponsor and the other security holders named therein on August&#160;13
 2015. These holders will also have certain demand and &#8220;piggy back&#8221; registration rights. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.


 2015
 the Sponsor loaned the Company an aggregate of $150
000 by the issuance of an unsecured promissory note for $150
000 to cover expenses related to the Public Offering
 and on August&#160;6
 2015
 the Sponsor loaned the Company an additional $150
000 by the issuance of a second unsecured promissory note for $150
000 to cover expenses related to the Public Offering. These Notes were non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of December&#160;31
 2015 or the completion of the Public Offering. These Notes were repaid in full upon the completion of the Public Offering.


 2015
 pursuant to which it agreed to pay to an affiliate of the Sponsor $10
000 a month for office space
 utilities and secretarial support. Services commenced on the date the securities were first listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market and will terminate upon the earlier of the consummation by the Company of a Business Combination or the liquidation of the Company. For the period from June 1
 2015 (inception) to December 31
 2015
 the Company paid an affiliate of the Sponsor $45
000 for such services.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015
















125
000 or 3.50% of the gross offering proceeds of the Public Offering
 to the underwriters upon the Company&#8217;s consummation of a Business Combination. The underwriters are not entitled to any interest accrued on the Deferred Discount
 and no Deferred Discount is payable to the underwriters if there is no Business Combination.















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015
















 2015 are as follows:












569












569
















569 as of December 31
 2015
 which fully offsets the deferred tax asset as of December 31
 2015 of approximately $178
569. The deferred tax asset results from applying an effective combined federal and state tax rate of 38% to net operating loss of approximately $469
919 as of December 31
 2015. The Company&#8217;s net operating losses will expire beginning 2035.

 2015. As of December&#160;31
 2015
 the Company has no accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments
 accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company&#8217;s conclusions regarding tax positions will be subject to review and may be adjusted at a later date based on factors including
 but not limited to
 ongoing analyses of tax laws
 regulations
 and interpretations thereof.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015
















 2015 investment securities in the Company&#8217;s Trust Account consist of $375
010
481 in a money market fund.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015
















 Fair Value Measurements
 for its financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at each reporting period

 the exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.

 2015
 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation techniques the Company utilized to determine such fair value. In general
 fair values determined by Level 1 inputs utilize quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Fair values determined by Level 2 inputs utilize data points that are observable such as quoted prices
 interest rates and yield curves. Fair values determined by Level 3 inputs are unobservable data points for the asset or liability
 and includes situations where there is little
 if any
 market activity for the asset or liability:



































































































































































010
481








010
481
























010
481








010
481
























































The entire disclosure for the fair value of financial instruments (as defined)
 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015

















000
000 shares of common stock
 consisting of 200
000
000 shares of Class A common stock
 par value $0.0001 per share and 20
000
000 shares of Class F common stock
 par value $0.0001 per share. Holders of the Company&#8217;s common stock are entitled to one vote for each share of common stock and vote together as a single class. At December 31
 2015
 there were 37
500
000 shares of Class A common stock and 9
375
000 shares of Class F common stock issued and outstanding.


000
000 shares of preferred stock
 par value $0.0001 per share
 with such designations
 voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors. At December 31
 2015
 there were no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding.



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
(e))








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015










 and reflect all adjustments
 consisting only of normal recurring adjustments
 which are
 in the opinion of management
 necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position as of December 31
 2015 and the results of operations and cash flows for the period presented.







 plus to the extent dilutive the incremental number of shares of common stock to be issued in connection with the conversion of Class F common stock or to settle warrants
 as calculated using the treasury stock method. At December 31
 2015
 the Company did not have any dilutive securities or other contracts that could
 potentially
 be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company under the treasury stock method. As a result
 diluted net loss per common share is the same as basic net loss per common share for the period.







 which at times
 may exceed the Federal depository insurance coverage of $250
000. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts.







 which qualify as financial instruments under ASC 820
 &#8220;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
&#8221; approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet.







 at December 31
 2015
 offering costs totaling approximately $21
407
116 (including $20
625
000 in underwriters&#8217; fees) have been charged to stockholders&#8217; equity.







 all of the 37
500
000 common shares sold as part of the units in the Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such public shares in connection with the Company&#8217;s liquidation
 if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company&#8217;s charter. In accordance with ASC 480
 redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require Common Stock subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation events
 which involve the redemption and liquidation of all of the entity&#8217;s equity instruments
 are excluded from the provisions of ASC 480. Although the Company did not specify a maximum redemption threshold
 its charter provides that currently
 the Company will not redeem its public shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets (stockholders&#8217; equity) to be less than $5
000
001.


 at December 31
 2015
 35
764
796 of the 37
500
000 public shares are classified outside of permanent equity at its redemption value.














 &#8220;Income Taxes.&#8221; Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established
 when necessary
 to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.

 a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax liabilities as income tax expense. No amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties at December 31
 2015.

 states or foreign jurisdiction authorities in the areas of income taxes. These potential examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions
 the nexus of income amounts various tax jurisdictions and compliance with U.S. federal
 states or foreign tax laws.








 and periodically throughout the year
 the Company has maintained balances in various operating accounts in excess of federally insured limits.







010
481 in the Trust Account which may be utilized for Business Combinations. At December 31
 2015 the Trust Account consisted of solely money market funds.

 other than the withdrawal of interest to pay taxes
 if any
 none of the funds held in trust will be released until the earlier of: (i) the completion of the Business Combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares of common stock properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company&#8217;s amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of the Company&#8217;s obligation to redeem 100% of such public shares of common stock if the Company does not complete the Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering; or (iii) the redemption of 100% of the public shares of common stock if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering
 subject to the requirements of law and stock exchange rules.







 which eliminated certain financial reporting requirements of companies previously identified as &#8220;Development Stage Entities&#8221; (Topic 915). The amendments in ASU No. 2014-10 simplify the accounting guidance by removing all incremental financial reporting requirements for development stage entities. The amendments also reduce data maintenance and
 for those entities subject to audit
 audit costs
 by eliminating the requirement for development stage entities to present inception-to-date information in the statements of operations
 cash flows and stockholders&#8217; equity. The adoption of ASU No. 2014-10 did not have a significant impact on the financial statements.

 which provided guidance on management&#8217;s responsibility in evaluating whether there is substantial doubt about a company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the date the financial statements are issued and to provide related footnote disclosures. The adoption of this guidance did not have a significant impact on the financial statements.







 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17
The amendments under the new guidance require that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. The guidance is effective for consolidated financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within those annual periods. Earlier application is permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The amendments in this ASU may be applied either prospectively to all deferred tax liabilities and assets or retrospectively to all periods presented. The Company has early adopted this guidance effective December 31
 2015 on a retrospective basis
 the impact of which was not significant to the financial statements.







 2017
 the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up
 (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter
 redeem 100% of the common stock sold as part of the units in the Public Offering
 at a per-share price
 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account
 including interest (which interest shall be net of franchise and income taxes payable and less up to $50
000 of such net interest which may be distributed to the Company to pay dissolution expenses)
 divided by the number of then outstanding public shares
 which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders&#8217; rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions
 if any)
 subject to applicable law
 and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption
 subject to the approval of the Company&#8217;s remaining stockholders and the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors
 dissolve and liquidate
 subject in each case to the Company&#8217;s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

 it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be less than the initial public offering price per unit in the Public Offering. In addition if the Company fails to complete its Business Combination by August 19
 2017
 there will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the warrants
 which will expire worthless.

 at December 31
 2015
 the Company had current liabilities of $287
301 and working capital of $762
484 largely due to amounts owed to professionals
 consultants
 advisors and others who are working on seeking a Business Combination described in Note 1. Such work is continuing after December 31
 2015 and amounts are continuing to accrue.




















































































































































































Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015









 2015 are as follows:












569












569


















































Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015









 2015
 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation techniques the Company utilized to determine such fair value. In general
 fair values determined by Level 1 inputs utilize quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Fair values determined by Level 2 inputs utilize data points that are observable such as quoted prices
 interest rates and yield curves. Fair values determined by Level 3 inputs are unobservable data points for the asset or liability
 and includes situations where there is little
 if any
 market activity for the asset or liability:



































































































































































010
481








010
481
























010
481








010
481




























Tabular disclosure of assets
 including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity
 if any
 by class that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall
 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)
 significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

































500
000





000
000


000
000


























000
001


000
001





000


000










































000
000







500
000















































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Aug. 19
 2015
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2015
























000


000







000
001


000
001



Common stock
 redemption shares





764
796







407
116


407
116







625
000


625
000



Unrecognized tax benefits
 income tax penalties and interest accrued












010
481


010
481





















Substantial Doubt about Going Concern
 Conditions or Events





 2017
 the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up
 (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter
 redeem 100% of the common stock sold as part of the units in the Public Offering
 at a per-share price
 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account
 including interest (which interest shall be net of franchise and income taxes payable and less up to $50
000 of such net interest which may be distributed to the Company to pay dissolution expenses)
 divided by the number of then outstanding public shares
 which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders&#8217; rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions
 if any)
 subject to applicable law
 and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption
 subject to the approval of the Company&#8217;s remaining stockholders and the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors
 dissolve and liquidate
 subject in each case to the Company&#8217;s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.
In the event of such distribution
 it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be less than the initial public offering price per unit in the Public Offering. In addition if the Company fails to complete its Business Combination by August 19
 2017
 there will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the warrants
 which will expire worthless.







000


000







301


301







484


484





















Sale of common stock
 shares

500
000




500
000






































































































































































































































































































































Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.





























 -Paragraph 29
 30


























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Aug. 19
 2015
Dec. 31
 2015













000
000



Common stock
 par value










 $0.0001 par value
 and one redeemable Class A common stock purchase warrant (the &#8220;Warrants&#8221;). Each Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one-half of one share of Class A common stock for $5.75 per half share. Each Warrant will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of the Business Combination or 12 months from the closing of the Public Offering and will expire five years after the completion of the Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.








































500
000




























500
000


500
000














000
000



















500
000



















Common stock
 par value






















500
000











































































































































































































































































































































































Description of stock transaction which may include details of the offering (IPO
 private placement)
 a description of the stock sold
 percentage of subsidiary's or equity investee's stock sold
 a description of the investors and whether the stock was issued in a business combination.























































































 -Paragraph 29
 30




















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















Aug. 19
 2015
Aug. 13
 2015
Aug. 06
 2015
Aug. 05
 2015
Jun. 12
 2015
Jun. 30
 2015
Dec. 31
 2015



































000



Common stock
 value per share
































 $0.0001 par value
 and one redeemable Class A common stock purchase warrant (the &#8220;Warrants&#8221;). Each Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one-half of one share of Class A common stock for $5.75 per half share. Each Warrant will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of the Business Combination or 12 months from the closing of the Public Offering and will expire five years after the completion of the Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.


















500
000










000




000




000










000




000











































Sale of common stock
 shares


500
000



















































Sale of common stock
 shares


500
000












500
000


















500
000






















































375
000



Common stock
 value per share

















Common stock
 shares forfeited














125
000







































Sale of common stock
 shares














375
000






















































735
204



Common stock
 value per share





















































Sale of common stock
 shares


500
000



























































































































Sale of common stock
 shares














500
000
















































000












000
000










































































000




























000
































































































500
000


































































 subject to adjustment as described in the Company&#8217;s amended and restated certificate of incorporation.


















































500
000


















000







Common stock
 value per share

















Sale of common stock
 shares












375
000









































Common stock
 shares forfeited




437
500

















































Common stock
 shares forfeited




500
























































































125















































































































































































































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.

























































The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount paid to managing member or general partner
 affiliate of managing member or general partner
 or affiliate of limited liability company (LLC) or limited partnership (LP) for administrative services provided to the LLC or LP
 for example
 but not limited to
 salaries
 rent
 or overhead costs.



















































































































Description of stock transaction which may include details of the offering (IPO
 private placement)
 a description of the stock sold
 percentage of subsidiary's or equity investee's stock sold
 a description of the investors and whether the stock was issued in a business combination.


























































 -Paragraph 29
 30



























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



















Deferred underwriting discount
 Description

125
000 or 3.50% of the gross offering proceeds of the Public Offering
 to the underwriters upon the Company&#8217;s consummation of a Business Combination. The underwriters are not entitled to any interest accrued on the Deferred Discount
 and no Deferred Discount is payable to the underwriters if there is no Business Combination.





125
000



Deferred underwriting discount upon business combination
 Percentage of gross proceed






























































































Aggregate carrying amount
 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent obligations not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent liabilities are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















569





569)










































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



















Deferred tax assets
 valuation allowance

569





569










919)



Operating loss 
 expiration year
































































































































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















010
481



































The noncurrent cash
 cash equivalents and investments that is restricted as to withdrawal or usage. Restrictions may include legally restricted deposits held as compensating balances against borrowing arrangements
 contracts entered into with others
 or entity statements of intention with regard to particular deposits classified as long-term; that is not expected to be released from such existing restrictions within one year of the balance sheet date or operating cycle
 whichever is longer. Excludes compensating balance arrangements that are not agreements which legally restrict the use of cash amounts shown on the balance sheet. Includes noncurrent cash equivalents and investments that are similarly restricted as to withdrawal
 usage or disposal.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


















Assets
 fair value

010
481













Assets
 fair value

010
481













Assets
 fair value

010
481













Assets
 fair value

010
481




































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }































Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000





Common stock
 par value | $ / shares






Common stock
 voting rights






Common stock
 vote per share | Vote






Preferred stock
 shares authorized

000
000





Preferred stock
 par value | $ / shares






Preferred stock
 shares issued






Preferred stock
 shares outstanding




















Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000





Common stock
 par value | $ / shares






Common stock
 shares issued

500
000





Common stock
 shares outstanding

500
000





Common stock
 shares issued

735
204





Common stock
 shares outstanding

735
204



















Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000





Common stock
 par value | $ / shares






Common stock
 shares issued

375
000





Common stock
 shares outstanding

375
000























































































































































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.

























































Description of voting rights of common stock. Includes eligibility to vote and votes per share owned. Include also
 if any
 unusual voting rights.






















































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.























































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx

M+GAM;
V8RV[,!!%?P5E6Q%CT]*'@$WIMD5J?\!-)L3CBW;!/C[V@&J-J(5







\
ME

(
M9Y;AFWE89.D\^(GT%V-NFM[2ENW)4] '_K





M6L:#EI@53QH!0E:QX/6D*!-/&@#=K&@[:0($H5&5-

M=MC&Z
V*WHS1FQ6]&:
W*WHS1F]6]&:
WJSHS1B]6=&;
7JSHC=C]
X4O3.

M8G[](SM^ %!+ P04     TF7!([$_
Z
H   ,0  $    &1O8U!R;W!S



MN=

MT(I4?VB+55E4ZPG)L'L$$Q')'%DRU?RG(@%:E.Q4=?M&#&=PABS&+B@E#IM
M+NABP2W+2H0K9+I4F+]* 2.CAU1FE+#^!-[ODKB^?X^/?^PL#@Y=D]WO)OI
MW1F_;?
.OH(-SL=6


S=0

M?





!FGK_# J5,7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#W(*+$MX%
O67.!;

M@(+)?90%NDGVH]

WJ=?3K.:Y1_::L!
MI^V[F\^3_'/HY)^GD]=-0LYPOP)\?LC6V&')VX[$W(Z'&=?
_V]I&E)3+/

MVH3X$$8:XIQSYG/1;/L'I4;1]E6\W*.76!4!EQC?-*HU+







VPLCO='U!=*Y \FIS_I
C0'HYI9







 U[F$RQ#
MI'[!?8J*@!&K8KZZKT_Y)9P[M'OQ@2;_-;;I/;=X Q\U*M:I60K$3]+!WP?
MD@9CC%OT-%^/%&*MIK&MQMHQ#'F 6/

H68XWX=%FAHSU8NL.8T*;T'50.4_



D
M*59F5*(TTH52@FDC(Z@0'%%#N8UH#4V;8DH?S(OX(]_A;G+@?$R-?0B
BJVI


M?T7CE[8/O6 %2
J4SA#B%*8)9F+?]%G8
M9$EGPE.23Y^JY-N%D2E;1/(-LZ


;!]0%CF





 98V=#C[$+=0TIL3Z_MMF7&;$GF

M()/@_EC2T&?I

3HVBH%YJI)S!LUA=
M:=:5&COROOKZ]@M02P





8$T!G7X6V$ $^XS80D2&;X&A.3)'9Q/Z#*=G*#US]&QS[TC@H@





Y8YF?9VG-3BH.VP
..N;_CZB9;G6_\Z-M'E

7\S]\R#%R:3P)KTW*2J2QV0$*B.@3!'(3;Y3(;)BHH*EY&HC(0R
M92 C@0PEHBK*2#DYJI/#KD?R+%#_ N0I2)!G ?+DA20VUY+B2B6J5$(E&BB5
MB%).<L+R2$\J5*D/1$
571
M(B*$TTD9%)*A$(,EE04GD==,<8XIA^W/(Q%P1ED5(2

J0
M6
PFQAH.*ZU@!

+0'#'\<
9M$8N-
:VV439\\V'EVM




M
AG

HB&ORV52-;
M4ZDVT'*W#._H[8IY$V_QNY)G
[H/NN372CUUBY_;94BZ'&0M-[8+(=SE6=[+

L&+ /9OQC]$
8^^?C/W9)



$+W)8H0@-X20F9)E*:#F'2R4#)*/$?G

+A@#-#
M6*$!23P6'Q64*.$G)(6$P(^9=:TKT$


F







M?KWJ)B1K'Q3?:_''N#:=68?Q2PHGFIN )@*:1GXDA!.A' F1;1

MS0$[&K0NNA&3+]




A9+
7]SS


$%     @ M9EP2*Z+/T8(

^^C\K@7]/T5_EP
MO[H:ZV4


I$E+&8^2Z$_]N=E5



O$L+
M9K32&R?IG6IY:?5NK\Z*FZB(II,L/8RR^H#;1^4Y2KY1'D?+TEJ=/M6@/YR







MD*[+TR5P41 1OZL!CAV2\P9B

MJU+P\%%#00


_*_5Z\FF#TP_(4![ ^&'R)[
M8/H+$^%-/T3V0/@+@?##Y$]L/R%A?6'R)[8/L+&^%M/T3VP/$7#L([?HCL
;A+)@IX/L7U]SCW'U_%-/G#Q)FL Y7TP






%:(=UH4H



---S
M

$%     @ M9EP2-KV-&OQ @  # P  !@   !X

3I]-I



W;UJWHAEIV02]V

1@@&<T7WG.<G*$
M0QQ.[C\WQDB6+FRH0$&%_RD!X 6
EC&]Q$BOU!5
[#=+LR2V/PNX!7D2!

M'/%Q)&;Y@DH)*M





L - 1!#H*XA

FA32T+)+OV98%#EY) \^6N$%K
]15B19OTRY-VL?IYNYAAFT#

M)1+-

$%     @ M9EP








QHGUU'8 G;UH9=Z*=]_V1
5=UH(6[
MPQY






0S&B
M?74=@=O6AEWHIWW_9$Q5W6@A;O#'DRX:=!JX8-I6^9ZZ).(*T8S[(/3 MI
M:%DDW[

M^K@[GO

M(W!]OK%_3M4&]1?AX G5#UG[+HC-**FA$8/R+SA^@;F$^TA8H7)I)=7@/.H;
MA!(MWJ9=FK2/T\W^

.V 7P&\ 5PR)+P*5&2^4EX41861V*GUO8BON#NR$
C
MJNA

M_1\*#]L$^29!G@CR_Y:X%?/QKR1LU5
-MDVCXTB%@TF#NO(NT_G(TYN\AY=%
M+UKX)FPKC2

M\C=02P
$%     @ M9EP2/94
O6AEWHIWW_9$Q5W6@A;O#'DRX



2 '?)8QN=291^P7Q)1I?ZQ/-
MH@104/G((




+[@[
-Z(*SEAW


M


SCN_OT
M=ESOKK478(9Y;]X

M@H


%IHFC8TF)
MO8Z#NO#.TWF?QC?Y#B_RCC?PDYM&:$O.Z/S+QO[7B Z\E.1F1TGK_\]L2*A=
M..[]V8PC-1H.N^L'F7]I\1M02P
$%     @ M9EP2'#/_LZ@ 0  L0
  !D
G2QXC4L /
M:-;G4G4?D5\C<:W^DRS* $45#XRB+#=X F4BD0A\:^9\SUE!*[/=_8OJ=J@

)=PB(05*I=64@W.H[Y#*-'B;=JE2?LX

$%
M  @ M9EP2-)-6;VA 0  L0


MTS87P
;O^=F88D3S:CL 1]Z4U/:8=


S ?.JX(QUQSLOU'KOI<QN64$O@6B..4TQ;!VS1%#/OJ1@6RE.

M_-E

(   9

!%7P7Q  LVOUD1I&2K
MJKVHM-J+]MHA3D!K8VH[8?OVM4WLLYP$VQSYGQCG&&H1B'?54NI#CXXZ]4V




A_;Z:?3!NX
M'-_=O[OMFO0/1-$7P?YT1]V:;.
P.-(3N3#])L8?]+:'S!HV@BGW&S07I06_




GMNS1?!
M/&'TI.VP
&



MV;+ P2MIX


M_BU5&]1?A(
'5+]E[;L@-J.DAD8
RC_C^!UN)1PB887*I954@_.H9P@E6KQ-

MMM*X\@%?7C9U/\&T4.0DMT=*.G_UD

M2P
$%     @ M9EP2+ UA;2C 0  L0




M-*T+#EKD=
950H&V C4Q4!^3N^QPVH:(&/!'P& 79Q*TGQ%?@_&K.B9ID  2



-[ML@JT#V 1@
^!'&H6/B:+


M['





OJGVLM2N?5=9T\.^$3E*^M^D&$
D28L





$%     @


M]MM


Y#8)+4+ $!4J4P4(-&G91@A3(_ 4D7\H\G +$
4@4B50!2%2!5

(&
MF=SX) :66PH/PAHP9$$(Z%
2^@N*^X(5-:A:TZ2ME-J0]VQ1LQ !9:!BBZ
MTA@8MC9



M965T
C



JB

M;]TQK\SQTCU)DSX

MQ-LQ)P]

)F$D0W22(K1H[36HTE=&P- [-#UM%TH5HEEU6FRD54X

K?$'&N;HL12:I !L4R0QC&%,FB2@03V
M3$8:QS2;0Y/Y-$%HHX T#I-VA4%0AJ#.V*82B1*'CP-^ E*DM@^98--3X_#
MA!
*O#+;XGF#A^\$)#I2IEC@R8;Q)]?C$B&%TN(QN[&=* 'KD;VX?D)Y

M#X%.W/$'DPN#2^HV
P9!1!-ID)R9U$4XP:!:A-B*93U%Q$4\P818RYN@4S

=U]?'072IZNWU+#!]WJ
M'U!+ P04     UF7!(4 #E534%  !9'@  &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O
M<VAE970R-YX;6R5F=MRHS@0AE^%\@
$=(:4XZI-


&S!BPBP'A

%\!@
M :PK@%\50*@5^76O49WF^!FQ*


M39WF*4:21HXK92V^:Z
9X$1&5BZ*T:4NNE0DGB(\J_2



M1C8G9_8DS2YGE-MI)A1)CQ\
&0-I


M.1R0(VU
7,B,#DD*
\


[( !6F1P%ZG+T$%'FZ1F%T%-HY
MV:F#$4W;2RC








M#Q'3.:8)V6&

MBKW#B[RG#?RDJNF$CJ[2V(OJKU

+F19&
M]O?WOGQTBG]02P


M=0_*K[3:2.9\:0[$]@98$TE2$)IE*R(95[@J8^_95*4^.L$5/!MDCU(R\[$#

MBJ=FB[


3L


M+^/!S


M$ZF%R_VU^HOI5KD_8@%/C/SN:]DILZ'OU=#@$Y%O;/H.EQ827;!B1)A?KSH)



C9S!F!JCXCD MQ0#?R*';K(Z?%

W=G

5)_HN3.CGI





M=#(X+GAM;&U3VT[C

Z]'[:$N*8'Q=V-&4'G<Y8Q7U(
M[9&XP0)O$TE)PBC]1107&M=5JCW;NC(G+X6&9XO<22EN_^U!FG&'WPIO(AC

M*OPG.$!I(QH?''I/G5
A*7\47]*9TVN#]P!P]&OHG6]\$LQ:B%CI^D?S'C





Q8OL %3P.K!1'L).J6F/D*P[&*A\X!.



M#H
&6GIAZIG/7V'QL#.$-6?2/H/Z(A4?;BEA

ES9] E@2R
M)A!7N!.R97ZFBE:EX'

G'1 @  .0P  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T
S N


V]R#P3)UT6-7^1@3I5%9/_GGDISLL0


M.G-?9SK0F7]I6^SQ 1&'?*'AOK0V_8I&:L$C6&-?)!V*X(=%0+?, %V?R0


/=FNR[YB;A.[]
\SXYL


MOX7\/U!+ P04     UF7!(
%MT;=:6<Q[O2K*FF!7IW47UG_6G:]DA#\5[C&:7D+&UKH
MLJ\9_:B.88^71=F!R=LBWT^G4PUMH
6




M?048/+2J$SW7

P
^-M
ES=E1A=J6BQQD430XY




M3;



M2G-@L+0 ^*'=]S5@.70ME@JTIY*X3@\KDS%^_.'?05BM-6RSEN\ZHH &SHCC




&]$&O[







6*G 4=LM.L5@L
M*IP.;@X(M=A$\@(M08B-FZ#@67F9YMGW[J(_;ZHL!]U.G?5K6GZ?8SS&13;C
MO]#E\PZ-5K P^N)LKE[P.FA5K6L^G7+N/EK/-K99*6JT^BESC5Z+F+.#K7+
M8O=_ U]8I?GMCS_\SYZZ22M2&






MK-



FGW@$B JP+N,'LG,P0T2O,*5J/^-5VNOI(^QRWR%(Q$%R\5GE-Q
M#XV$-YCNHG.Z4UC\1LK+Q?Y @]2?1B=C]1E<:W+G'9;HQC3E+<*:.6BXG4#
M;TOKID1ZA!(44)\K$

MGST\0&-S+=NSFV

M#HN[^P' 4


E*GH _5ODY)+HNX%ND9U?I-6+%/,U*0T#9
MPPL':0-;W.MDC5ZJG#Q E;&GM$&&([='GZ EP0S312FN**/*._ 8D$
2A
M/2
FPMW7K9L/&MIESH CX0DFPFV!E
($R%=_3K.BZ9$T#X2&O 0T0:@+IC



8 DK96H!F6AORXNSS
H5'9FRZ:
M&:LR(=)/FIKEM^!Z)):GBW02PMIB=K'^,PF1VD1T5$O%@'46SHH&MB6&J1@
MD@V$Y;/J1H)
_-20Z/TNLAF0O\$);HRP!Y_GQO BC7N5WPL?(EGP'0JNCT$




V1(
5A?(3X!9

L'P6F*7F02-)W
M1G?07/2J;CL?6&#)^.(VJZ^8
Z
)O:]JE'(1Y*#J1; )6YM_$!; 17S3(Z





0 F3+



M.^T1
D/A421*]&+4/Y&X:=AD)K*E(:XG9O7)

M*2\0PQH
'%MT?:1.T2F+[5^6Q0U9X!F\YZ(YC@\.=R=[N^
]L[??GST_)[.R



M+2O/+!BCOII:
-+4-C?)0)[=:C3U+



CCL_Q:
MEBW3L4AAXY9(I16ORR6&QI- *Q?4HUB4 &^HR;&UT=+\YZ?'.'
BPU#2&(G(

:%JC#@9*B_,[\-VA7 R!0K$7L-2JK/[)X!L
M:$U%G8;E6S)7K_RC
YJ7/3 R%HDQ)NI:=+HAJF[4R!/X;:R !!Z&$2 RM09T
MQV URJ%YA_G*$MU.[+HW\P1) B(9I9Q


36P
L0RL/JO2L':D7H/Y@)*.8F(L2[:#&
MUS
MY/)AK

B$4G7FFW!T0)SZ4)VE
&6D$50BS
MXQ45W*5Q\\01C0RFUMEX)%W)*^\(\&%$KD
M(? 

M8P1F]


7_^#AP?[X8/_\
MV;/]




MOJ




M


8
9

M

0Q)_#NQVTIH-

ML.

MD9


M-!A* KJ_^BL0U&J62025@Y[!OQ2YNPFA-X2-5@/''9V5(S


065J0/IUXZ
4&:7&<I3?LH/BMC:1-:8[![1
M05I9;:/V.H 9-&1E@.X9.=I)R)9K;3*
A
V++8XL/RY(+6IWJ_RPW\RD_MB$

MN4ZHV[

MTMI9]KU^YS9DY7F!CGOTT[XX.G].+N)HNP\KTO0XBO
#M7M;C)#X/-P?'^#.
MV)[]#+5RIFD:261N
1C-=(X/.
VN#0T7
+#  &@SDAU9RB$F#!5##QMEV3C
MDN;0C8)-[6(DT-2S#\(R8 ?!ZJL,I0JY0IZR=XEF,[Q,$Q0NET#FD$$L%H'3
M


M A'$7[G?[?
*_;*!@PM.




ZJZAT;1
MTA8R/_'(F @.D+Y7Z%VY9JG(.?+I5&4S'A(]VA\_24+#T+ZI@*;.2=8\%DNA


2+GDB25!HMCG

MR/B$@X/8[DXJMPW/83!X@3^!U&3H6Q#9[:4I85KJ)Y/V8;NV:+G$C*=![E/E






M. 8'6Y*$16-0?GT\&M0LG;R
K@MNBHS#W=CF=76S6^$==XQC?J!&.^TAY&\N

GC^@0J1]U:$TJ](B$&CD
4W #EX%J

M;2M9[3.L8#QJ4&#@\.$^;=_FN!RUUXJSM ?'5MU3@?*&&X!]OVQ)=^$?31
MI1^9[24



^ZC$)H@V*#6
7@.(;J_G06$9!I
M
TD
); &JFEOZ:D*^WAI'T?40UIJ@;2[KO%I-F.] ZK13.5X*H=G82N_I8#
MK^ \'.T,]&ME(Y^9TL&'OA!D\H^==W4\MN++\)M6%D?B0A!3%4(:Y6P7-N)
M5!R83+5Z6M'
(1IG![RLD
<C9VNAS5

M9A['P07Y+QY$4P'(V-9@*Z4O:G@^BP1*;T'06W1:+FW+GFU9[
V.0UFCI[
M8





NH*2

Z6
M(.@RNEVC/::\1HY\9.^HC^-A#2\\D:!SQ9W]&]Z]B[&Z7EGMF90H^)*'-R6S

M8+^=Q6!+*X$RL%&^N-/[+L4ZKYHQA_6?RD-6CVQ%98


M&_IO9JWSPZ3Z?_.*
PR8YAZ/=H*H*P1HD?OE%'P0=].5HFYISC&M3#[?ESM8
M/




%

KKJ37V;+%= A2388JQ^D:!KO(X:XZQOE*D:9D @TH'I!LI)2B/9O


GJJ=(%&=&\+..MCAI/%7;*W&T;Q/1


*B%QU9_:^BM!SJC2NTVN2'6
M?& L\O'!
$MU=G




T_HUI^TZIY(4+8$EI(A@

- %;@3%C;%A'#F.E1UF
M_4E(4!KG66C4#8Q(#- SIG!VW1@7$'E(M2M]8YV3'M5DSV[&KVS0_T4)[2:I
M;' 

M6Y)\6Y+\[B7)NXD4T5+!&S;;%C+?%C+?%C+?%C+?%C+_E10R;]/]=EWS=;]O



OBWI:0WY:0WY:0WY:0WY:0
M'Z+OVQ+RO\82\H




H\T[


GPY





MNRSNF;T(@6A94 UW=BD'()I6


MNSM+W^#1C;L[HSQ?S_
T)[WUB$




#
MGW%
]@20_SRC Q3][
MW;$RUFL1*W+]IR
;1/8G6




G#6<^ 0  :0
  !$

              ( !T0@  'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX;6Q0
&PO<W1Y;&5S+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( +29<$A2UG:KEP,  ,8*   /
M            8P1  !X;]W;W)K8F]O:RYX;6Q02P$% 
4     TF7!(





M971S+W-H965T
RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     TF7!(W=:YM%(  !S!P  &




M2P$% ,4     UF7!(-4LG?0\  !&!@  &               @ $F*
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ M9EP2-KV-&OQ






M  @ M9EP2$\^\J2@ 0  L0
  !D              ( !%#

M:&5E='

BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     UF7!(]E1Q\YX!  Q P



M 0  L0





M+W-H965T



4








C


M='





M965T



YX;6Q02P$% 
4
M UF7!(

end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  










begin 644 0001564590-16-014939-xbrl.zip

C Q-3$R
S$N

MB1@$&%PD












M]ZF36E9]SJRZF1YKV?:)V;9EML=CMI:

M$-SEN[5UY+_]1-N2P^
G;)X'93RU.'ON1/)H\91G2%



MGA[) &KK2AK;7*9EZU:W-9*M6VYNN;E)]03W=X+]\3/Y34\T-P81#U1!4LQ]






G\-W$M?'VL[)'S8)8F


)[_RET4ISP:CX31 EG2 GPSRM+/OM-
MC$J]?\

7M?XNY#L?A



7H?A'

['AR$KCX'ZR5

$

HQJ(@U6J



25LOQD&H+5=9* !!BFB3WTQ57X

OTT=W



MO




A4IF\4_C,E-N/XIO/$$6.GD&E \%E]2
M9%K@:V0T39A\M&// 2K^Y/FI*37VUZMI6<G\_=[1_D%_7_/;-P/17*:*_CM
MO60]ZQ7
:.L9K+(R=L#

MQT7DG2(9]^!*F%4YAL]T?\MGQBU=_X


M]BQB=VU
W1^B#^NX+]N/'HV^\=]8PG8:QD:M[^$ZSL^C&^)'@Z-!'T.O]['J

%!#-_5T/



#1?:4M'B:LO-_O]PX?&R4/4&^



M!+VSFU*-0*B

M5D2.%PM%;A6#Z%BI$6V]5ZRLRU.][GZ&DYK+NV_'\/@!3ZTTQK732NNKY//Q

X:/V#K1N9ZF#G1@)DP2?!_ST/S&XU^AHV+HFMWRIG
M%3BK@0]G @6)K+2G0O:O]AR;

M





MD(-K%0
*Z./%2&XWUEQ)]YM8U _C-!)7L**/OJEHU^UK_#


M[HN?7_$;.T[H^_8L%N_5'Q^L&\]-)N_!)OWK!VV:*/_3M:XE*$DXRP;DUW:[



_HP(B?8^




+ZL[X%AZ
PG0\600!Z ==NUC13QF5C%0H








MM]^J. 2(95$0RE;LC0-&''GG

G-Q(
'
MM.E0' &U(1YPH=I@7M84V*T?@S\S+;^$80TK0#DYAL&)P75SZV\5*P2I@[




8&+9^VC




VRR/?

MEJ#KB0K#CD



)T*$T:ZH^D
]_;U?I:0(R&-PKUH




MXD9W C83L]%/UR9LZ3]K7M^3:+A
B8A J6I#@K^GTXR-N

MX3%J O![D'N4!1VW+9'PSUA9B:O^-0IO*
_/?+D5P?!+&87J]P9OAF_?]-\J
M
ONOBX^7E.(5MRCOP!A0:!@S&KA*
3

!+F*D0#;%\


I I0X6.1G6[ @3);C
MXP@]6.#(!RQS8G4( B

M8^=$+8)R6LH@&?DNGB:&3Z0A%1S5TT%:!61KX\2CH1V4H%#P@Y#[SIZ]#)
M(SYZY:HJ7
4M
)?!0U:O@Q4YQ]_8M\:0EYVAD:;FQML:YKF.BJ9V/9192!AZ



@?4^V!.AB.'3%@#@=05'JP



.3T'I0X92$+-0:I[Z
;4GK
M2#
7\8G
E
L/KQOP7'X^U2'IR&%'9'MA]
S.^]9W5
TBI7$+EED[&,T-XVX
M=$-_@0T9&^L!));&?A@'*3*ZU
ZH/DQZX_170YO45G%3*//+ :=;2@E_V1R
MK;3F



MVU
!WJG;M58?2W
]5W

MRY.M$


M[


M3DY8YSEA;0?/(

J&+-
Q8W\T
M





5VT/V5+WIE/P3EEA
MLH

M3'R:%\XNJ84Y ]9WIO(_JFO$*#S'
M2BS5!I-2:Y0'Q13FU9Z 18S8@0
85.]!

RL+N_GQLA9J1



R*#_U
S*

M9:=#[

*7

9.)@!E%NRVD(J^




2M'S**P@#^=B1&

6K%V%6@W!9G4P5*#W#C
(P-Q!82D=[GTTLINK@$6
MVG&YL4EVXTRO;00LW$*J*




SW0@,;I\X*ZR8]F83^(C*+S9I]V
M8F:.BME F4DR*_/HL$K@J(NR ]40A7_-.ZD810TJ[L3<EH$C);W61GQN339


4H



R3'S;FVI'C<-(KTXTXQX<

5@\ E#C6NV;J]08'E220 ?&Z1@I
M

EK8U527X9GK958=G
MBK5^KP='AYW='A]
!3S]X#M;^/9T_/WP8-#9.]H#MH[&*/O=5.9P9*WEC5#A
MA^S8J&SZD_J);!GB7GNQDB$D+V +)R$%
=24:!H(\:/Z.B;M:F=UO*[?M2Z1
M(7$



R


MB=8D?=F + 4481G8


F+&X55B4D')^?F*NB98





M1@'




BX8 !+(.HYK-VI6Q4@J(B'ED)DFV\%1

7'


CN

_+*LYK^@3OK'



M+]D]0Q-1P+7RX7L. 

C^T ZWG 0DY


LTLGSU-=(DAD9P/4
M87.=9TUO37$(%\/*K
\\PVT QJW+58]TUF\QS2^]4]4C*_/

#_FM$KY%IA9&<7K/77?1G^D5QR;^ +4K
A 7$

MU%(4YV-AJXR)X$WCV9$09%!5%:'R76%V6YUL_Y(5O.:8R(^C515
K 8$NS=S
M)_-1K)BC;M7MH3S3]RI%TC1=HT9].@:O:43I2BV0QKH2L'0?,0E!@9BQHN

B9@OA86R]AFFY#K?#

ME:9P5M1:F;5E




:$G+JN:XO
M7EG#
74




MX
W=K($'WYX7; V\O5\CX+X

MY[3;L^;V 


'W?M!U(MAS.PCU9DDX[5!P/_E8









F%







MX]G/:C/::/;V1R_::'8C]J&-9C=C(]IH=E/VH8UFM]'LETK];32[(1O11K.;



M=I]&N.VWPNW1XI7#



M5V



E

/3#U])]TG(]#7#=F!=3KH;KN6W32






(()72L)X8LX
M%=9@T.N ?

M'?(2GW$!:+2N0;-8@%5+V




M--$+T3(Y



. -6. R#8;]3UWOK2! H@SD4E&7F 'CF?[L!X[$7RB
M=V)? ]D+$2#)XC%U.LJ+[T4N/V8\^R,DN Q#P:9^;:L0A$9/O^''\7LX3?
M10;Z'G@)23F8A]![

H3F%!






M+@\5OC('R7;UR.:=I2A
0#?#;GJH-X%%Y!M283


M)!



\0?BQ$T'9(P[-
JWM!G$0IVVG$
M91I[@3








1@!TA'

+AB=R%P5)[1V!':=@!N73M

2A_WE& $MR#TB_$+J:0,RLX=NE?@H-(E)4%+T5P^LASR6X$
MGPCH%7T=*:.LQ2Q&#G6T&Z!$Z0%H+W@.O1E.$N;AXW,_487J-&RC.;N)(Z
M0#
X.YR2OD61G&77
$R28PDS 8Q'T A^

)
E\F1?NULMN#YDNU*X/
MG1#\ZO\(VIY@S'C5]I='V\Z!4^9%3O'%\#\<6#KB!XY?5+P-C*O*2K7$(AH



*.JV.?F3&=[S&XJY_C1'K&FNUV^%)M-T );DF&
ME.TPVJY(E6&./-.0I1EUMD)P11#LAVR3+?2_'&E:(%

M&


M!M$?3L65?;O$*3MZJ8S-R+$ .]O$U


MS6$+%N)%^M[S^9T
LZ')+V'/&2H1P0KH97*70OK2'492MO
%Q;C_7CP1


:YTB$ :$MGY<IG


M8F5E2*F\^'[(T:L@0)


NBU



HHY 
\+U\P4]1(DF:BH%B+
M#TL'V8EBF!+

0*@9;$H%[M

MW7CO2]A%+;ZWT^\A$W%!Y3%F?=DX$&B@!IG0Q%*=W K/4T%%QN-3K1@6F47B


S65M=ILF80;J7*J:X


M\2(IPN1QCJG[(L3R

F]1M\1SKF*_9




M)%%P@#&4V0EV'D7-X&//ILXAWRQ-&C13




X]IK7N4APJH;10X.]R(8A9YCL#.:7-9\T3.
M4D?5O\O*G?$X$F

S#2+@DB52




B;A





8ZJBZO/:4N

M
\@8[%E7K7V1U9BQD;)TWX $'E04[9[DBU2\_:3\%G_;H&+LE4-[Q1.6;5
]<Z6P'H @G6:A5Z@[T<XC$5T
M3;O+M[/$)JB=O' LRIHESCT\E0R;=5T'D%T%,Z7!MJ,.D2JF)3J]IBYVJ_

9;J*=I$[;TG:H]K)&H9K0]H

#_6/'C$\I&-T&/KNW;9FF_:A
MU]U[S!AWNQ&58NB@W8=&[


;S6ZC
MV2^5^MMH=D


-J.-8&][%?PC1[#;G6A
#+O=BJ9$L9_O3CQK9^'YH?UIW(5^]^@E


MF]%&=5^8__X2[56])5=3]$-;&]N




.$Z9K-B1^Q'U]W*K')]NT#8V*



CD<!1+
_]^=79'T#^_=V#5Y8#
M0




S;* ::(]Z/3P+W3)A
L

M!D F!Y ^0$- N)]2'(&5&%


MP\7^

M*$**[/?VCOJY(JX#S#V;R?NK#(PG

3H9AFOP:DM &
BK
MRBQEM5J:.V
-Y]9).L8C[?WCC@4C'G:

X$KSBV

M\$J

4X#KXZ JCHP!MJJ5K_7^RM.B1 X
MY/98



3RKR&?6?[


(RYLRXT)?X(0(T1X1M+
M?
+ CH(=;:4#!9JO (@&[P;R9(S_%


MXO2GZ

96\KO7ROQA=81;:=@KNU\$J_[C@GGQ&
M0^([JC9X*P;-P3H^$%(A5U@YA!GKQ##J.]9K7BQ:]:S)V0K#T=@A()5=]B[Z
(+ EN3X=$I?
M%3DQ1?8O7W=[GS+=NNZ\M8!&L7;*^W
QJI3/!RL#) 6X^X/?5\*]9.IRT($Z
M[-*D[

.A4B
M3X3

MU(*F)O@ZT*N*1HJP+G%@E




]4M1


2X:JUM*3+.PF@DO
248
O
PV90TDK3@UX$_1]&5R&:


DG((S


M*[R6AP#*O;@'/FAQYQC547

M6-5MY?NR

W)JH78VA@@%D



525C2H%116EJU(L

MGBXY7O.LS  X)#M(67



M_OR[!QL;.9

TB2FW_M-1.3]'1]^8$!K!(2?WQ8M9'A.TF02



RPQV
MOE^^^@5VPP?#F$\-C+A((&51
LAB#
4DXYDA9KK6I1 6!@.M/1 GYJ+*EWH2



$

Q*=A+N
MK[^6_

$.

<]8HT@*@.5(13HQ;PZ9GB#(S_%B$7#
L'A5'
-( PR[JS5;]
MK!4P6?%0P8UA2#&R=Q^:L@1R=*
S!
#9'.H8926 0U




MF#TH2M6KTO-OE[2^ I@QVU&SJO?RD]6*LIGMOX4/9+*[XK9%IA#P$#5O:E.R
M7%FPS[E3=9







]/[[93#]50-O'J<.XHM<B'W)


82=M_I

M4'Y0F\Q0(+R)RE1;S4 JVH@] EL8V F=
SJ#Z



M873&1)Z&F% Q..LIQTQ@(SMR9A+K$&LE$/-%(24+184=P2L


16




M?$/@V


MSI_XZ#



MK89

K_]M:HD4I$[WP%UNCW014
&S2)P@5
M(PL;:NAGS%J..7&PL



MI#*&:HO6 7
(N*\S)MX/#&:9JZ=[.S9#Q6H08HH^MY?10_@'&V(17D=WSH5(
M*V.YSJW'9(77\K/A3!H@? NBAG7B&[4R')59!KT#!#:%]2D4'K+1*#U9G9/






MQW?CK?0BK*@G+;XGRQZOH#%?5C-N





34Q
M
C




8:

.N %.M)Q[0,HI$N[NC(=&WQK?Z?AZ; X:M2DU4!(0ON6'\ QX
J
M8L0$3%DL[JD801:#]I)/TYWR1\(FZ#-V+?7MB8N8LF FI9#1!.;U:N)):*KS
MVT-LB_.1CWZ9ED4\:

M\
\)MC


6J)K$V

*GFO;_;KW^K/_7:CW:EWS7ZS_=Q3+)?OQ3AGW7P[


MKNDRR

K*O)I[U
M0M@N!([0;%8K&I'2;C7]K!8H]ITIO
TM9;42$2%HWLC475SXK\6^_P1/4(

MQV




H8I4

M25:[KHZG+(50



M3[=T^V99T5_OFZ'CX-GR-\[$KMC&@DNY&OV&P^K4BJM/_AS! )
9(+92#5X)


34Q
C
Q7V1E9BYX

M*




68=F71QW#L\7$F^8
3PA!*]2\







QSGH+05_
MO;O:Q6R[WK%E+XZ7OSD.'CBN3B'1%G%E]SZTR-SP'0^G7L+C]2A+%X;M*NNZ
M?+I*58
F#A=D\4 84L_-1RM4\DF(8*;_0 [7ML&IFBA@J3!4VT?&GWRAT^#=
M8!B.O[_

\
#3KQX\#A3:?')+$Z @SWBE+EV\A1)7
M

M6L1:/2]5KP!GH(?0Q*%F4H\+^@DGIFCMY=@BMFSK5/Y!6N/TL#]8.MB_B(_^



M8G3Z7.A

MVS XRVWV7@H:/Y&]3O/M51'TA W(.'X*Z%YWCE^UX'M!L.O%2PFD#=W 5-


5G;]:XW[73B^VDU^




YN6E/UJ7H[LX]1MGK^KFX  1)










%-DT-'0Y
*A$



L?=OG#+G_8
MY0^[_&&7/]3[$
6@N7+350S*Y- J0ML@Z3$:F&1N^(Z7@S4SVJ2 :#XZ6=$@

MTJ*#

S+8 *3(GO28WJ0IAWZ U1E5:M8TG@
ME4-XWLJZO&
;SN@68RRM3;'/9Q_+Y+&M#:)W=7Z(0=0IBVLCZ%W%'&P$-1KJ


NKR^P3BWE\<II_L%=0B)T]][P[WWWZ1H8VV6K7*O
4_*
MS]_BWV#[+D9J1Y'M*+(_.D46
UXTX\QF\4$4G$N*41(((4WR:$&$D++1:X(]


R98^&







:V0

MRFW1Z-N5*P+8L'+EB_CFD8P6.)X67&+%YOZ=V(]/GIB(PE9O?+F0N[1%=$:L


M+

T97=RTVFC:-/Z2[[\E@\P*1/%!NI

M(K8_J9SR0K303EK6Z@V+B
(.\6
52Y=01)N@&\H\0RA
GB.Y$-Y8C
7I7+5R
M@IKT$E&





)ZTBO







94CV


M5:@6B\_M0K;-?01U5*;'0/S+.[(JK)1-?-'8RIQFZTDB[4_I
UY0]RJN3+
M-#MLD\7YP;O]I


RMN^C4U;@ZR

/#;MI2\
MR?P23N&J\PMKVR(42*1]6?!HBJOE;?;/KXJ9Y:46@&44?@5*K&!-S/RO2?A

MM$QCE0
VL:2 ID5%E!#G;4A'F+4
MDK #)B?S[2\Q+ZT][TSHL_:$WGF)O4B






LNZ
M[B)L4?9[

MQDO
T!)1^%+ = '%I$C)XKA-=D8LA_&;1_S\=@$30O3D6_K%$?WBZ/A$3*Z_


M(1J!P/3H\YTJG;^CAX96


7;&)

EWB;
46\=E#3EC$A0KX.M2TK$&=L!WS6 A.C/2K

A+E(O
&O)??_Y\-F###$^BH-&B^NE1$XV? 4



\!Y!6#(W:K'PYH)2LVE(7/-EHK^E;
PWKE*TEZHVV;W9PVBU7TR3O8.
M0G$Q4]R%QZUC\KQD$X4N^^VU\

M[KQZAF7A@J-D?T_&H7JO4?^
]G6&_'&'9D+)^[JZ:-4J[AI^ !IL&F.;\BQ8



%Z^+;@+ ZR@H;#TW;3C055;MV3N

M5*VY\2%M3=8^;]]J!7G Z?NRTW;-XDX-A*!%I*) :XF)M_ QH9D\:7$=K91#


MX




&V-Y.#ZIS*!)5?


\AT5NLKPW/VFDV#H1!^\C

''*D_%] NXX^RUPH$6<-A(B:&#A1\Z+MA]H7$
M%
P*4+(%C.\D/G63P764+#Z^T/



O#
8Y]B*;QS&
M-1-:Z.ZPVCQ.;Z







M:$*$];06+!SEA9:$ .
%!+

2GP
M%1M ^'@*1
74UORN#N9 4)C=3[%[<R\

Y*XHL

?)\9OC8[ F?\L^_CN?WF9N0'@T@(=D+
*_*^[ES4254LH% +($X!X#

N$
M;%2EH6K=1RM0,[L@'23LX(:ZX@GH&YC)#V*.5NO=]7J@&%]_04-#MK#A?(#


M[)MW[IG#VC*K;96M;I%=;XV#2,WO,?HH.4D[WB&P_V&A,5U &4-9W&&2



M'5/ N-(&O=P5/5R9W439/&
9SPMVUFOB?:H4+=S3=!&?X*ZMNF
+YZIL$+S.
MV[-^/08/5







+GV&ZT:OGLON



^5M!-6)H6QES1!R) HAPF



]2 7<@ N!!@

G#\_@.OIU)^ES6D
M$S^F/E*48I8_XY\LOV



/L$A_

MO9WM)F*V=^JBYV ;6[$E%=UA.)U#SN(5;658CZ1_VJGW+3*HWO.EJ1+^^S
M*





M@_A4GN7_590F?
.NU:K)X*$:=BY1OFEB[U))\/UKE)%]9*%?8]& N.%UA28?

MA!5
$45?Q%%1;]V7D)Q^T% T_;\?G4


MI!70_]NX@-*VL^2;$P6\^PL0JCE


XR%
MG'J;@U-Z&#]UN_[&6UDL;F#P)%I W@E(\2Y#'K/T)H^_1H4%P]
@C22;H?


?/M7(


MSS&5S.

8KJ3Y

MYG*VR3*H
RWIT#2P+G7R3HRL8D^?CC(!@)@


MYK6#!=K G#%O.Y;P:%6:6&(3Q4[78XGN6B\0_IJ/;*W40F=L1Z4]DNX:*;$C



0+ 

M1J

MSQA&D!R\3:C

MC4QHRK/K6-Y1]]#=X




QF_QNU3M#AG

WQ


M%R7TC%MF]M

D6-A5\L([20L.BU4OR7;7%_B:2 9Z#3W?^

4D)RGS<Y]N; 0B'J/) P%
SAEB@2C]0N)=

MR.E%]

M0XUA


\YX#H8/QHSXCLN52G2C]


'E

V4
M&3Q:2 DHG5FZN]!V+3G2





MI^

UQPME



MPA4MHR]U'S+V235J!N:A0MA--G.MC&TVYZN.09+G(&L$J[6_,JC0VNABO65
M'#2]:='%31]O:X' 7J'8WO=[GG$0B'_


W7''?FN=








R342H





U@SUAZW=#KH86UMZF_AZ#.BU5K0H:D1T2-9

MF3QT HYW$M%?)+)










68KO6LB=8H&$8(J

GF5J 6K3S?ZVA#BLVT&SQ\M78)&M@9QP#3#@_51[;C
MBJVH.0+9JTC4[YDKJ7UJB9_=G_6Y(IOCXR;J]UZC@GK*^#SCK9;\7A(,P:O
ME0:%SC[G!++^DHB^)'M.@AM2#Z:/TZIQE:Q$=V?9@@+[[%A3L)=U&$H&]
MLF
RL/=T2^CU!
 $X-:F%4J*#LC+6SM7L)XA]

U5#*
M:_7Z6X?61.EP?:@'#P4/.IQQHL80*6- . .9-:AXLT=)%RTC=-.((
U@C!_3
MY)^L*








M7LE5-S%J1.
.!O
YS.




GI_(+2AI0^+D&2Z(2..C&2T.8Q=
M#68.SNMH;$^FDBQ^BG(82%QC G![J*.MVX
#LS4@XE*PDS]9#E *0AVW+TQR


=*@'U7\&&IH Q/F6
1 (D!O3N3_+J
M;_(3T[R2SVN8%I4ST](O%*^/MD5ZE2_%4D9W KJD39R16IX+Q[A



&_)63#A-(3L<Y(5/
M: /X<-+*1Q@0'HO@9'G$MQ#1PC,W459LI</:_'1;^XUYAK$6@Y')KAJ\W&8E
MW: \9



E+?2POC*#1JJ6M\!@H@TM!$P6LR^F&Q%2




M




QOP'*I1L@.X
@BIIG=P55





;Z(MO:Z05GI:%9).B
DR
M@0M1'U(G7-0B:Q26:'P/P$QYNP2/%H\4P!SVK.:/3K\YC
?F.S*/Y.FI/H9S*VS2PP_JJ

*9&QPB5/I(3^DW4?DSJ
MTX640





J_V-9\^PW)2:+IY@)G7&
3MQZ:-B5N^XD^!4EA;CU1JF

E*3P\#A-7U%B08PC
8&R#QZ3D[.80@5WTV YLU61O;ZE&^EF^[FL'O


HR[9+G'V-
K73 B.R=@RNFX.#

O'KFBXHUH+Q!C;F?B9SFC+&EE?:Y^$IO


MXQ4D&KHEP=0MI*;

M
)H_#&E)=L224'

F\)P#BPZH+* N#&#2L)M'

M

MWT/$:++LI&?W;34/?2@;


MV0
 ;W^9[
5-M4*;'=?[A%.X_11E7V!QL4D7N7K]MB$*1LBT$[/O1+N$;U8N



J L0NR07BA%L9MSJBNYT/!

.+#V*=IWM?_:8%:1)V.%5$DL../7
N$T^QHC3:=W:\XYUU[WCG
8]E.<PJ_1+

K4?340$&*RO
AF$H9^4/$+!B$!;SFP_2&/82V!44%9KB

$

9WWM&A'HX^+PW



4A+W]WF
8



MN\






M$



M



MX.2;
0*:C[9!HZ,0#9H MU@T#[HMDU[G.5/(Q:N-?E8K3A PJ0WG4@;0G2

4XZ
#:!&OK1$; ==S!E0/7VCF; .Q#!U@V,:I:0+24:?6!4C91]X

M;M90(#5J?Q-L#82/Q*HWG4*?VLM%N;S.0ZU;^)W%K.5@+4^QI6XR\'F^ES
M&I(#D]/AD^'5\/KT_.[+^?E8+ANP\-$FTO^R&3(;ZKORG'O/]T(/429
T8)Z


^9'A<ADJAB? <^ Q819N/.ZI0\B+;[A##/#=QB&
MQ+N?ASR8




X@2!DK6; PRE[9*3%40#^UKJJ4$D4U24@#:P5G'!0)
I
M+1.@=2HKY]MID*S56)H

S


M46E@ FJ+I(Q2K1/1L51D*=9;;GZ+)NP#OH7?$




F+I =#GD*'R$A;DR'S?
\NB)

])D
M\[/7)S^J/D


YKZB'3@N#X:'F
=.W
V*]CIJNIXW(]
M#@]5R% S/:'Y/?4F'K.G4LR 0Q?Y1(PG JXW]H3+3AX%XV9&YN8/Y[^$4'W;


W_B329
0=H=9Z
M


MQKO.7R^$:@G@*PP/^ZU=U6M[L40-0 *9O;??:@)L2\B.K#U4E$
LI\'.8=M;




[BJ.RE5D
M&F\SV3&
=)1*V9\KUF7;9^-C+-O^T%H[0%^V_:&UVW[ETM8Z[BC96954F%=O
MOZXNC-3GG\H+B*Q=5H92GX_MK8R2R/$#A.
$8O:[) 6(28=;Q0WM]EH#]621
=7U
YP2I
M1*^JCU4#&(P9_H.; 
_

DI



JU6Q&M=1:TE15A^4HI

XI81XS3$Y\8!F _K$-
MYW-58E@E\4O3@$VJ1[V889/2(QJ;U9#!8%B?WGD/0=1&(UB%!'FW X:1ZR&P


M

BV]%%H;?#FM76FU7CA3B1;_UJL5V2Y*LNH%UI6I

MN3FD%(45&UA6'JI)M:(+)PQ]_S:IH O'(U&2S%?D\'^G&\C):IXB&LTJG$S.


-U'L0%;TM6%.:H3ENE

QT(9%FVN*KRY(DP;K._BK



I2Y/
)4+



@&5M32P$+#D#6W2F[C1_II\D .H4
M?8GO*Z#JM#SDP*





Y9;)[YQ%HP7BOTY)RL:J\D&M67IP8/N7YT7;S:?






D6P
M <[?$PB/K-MU-4H'GL1N';[S#:NU2-U;['UOFZ&O %!G43,-_V.SWP)0-
@*7



[R(OG#V4LGT(5;B(Q




M0TISJ?;!Q=JQ!2G
!5O*5N.Y];W.XMQEU=4F6T!@9\-'8P4$]K4VU%] 8%_?



MWEJ=5B6E0

MGT&*4CP2






M58BL .


M5H.V
]R2;=5]+MVPCR?G((93])(TMF;3

 9
MT2CYY

MR%0G)ZE4M5
G5TWN3 V@C\$2*(+YUCI*S;P'&575@EJ075T$!3N@J VHP6@V


41D_1\6/P<
44QZE#

5%1LNV(Z36Y$4C/$BF^G!77E?'+6K@F#*/
6X!






&;/ S7J1/+$.85LG/%*UH^4KEY1_/

 U
XU#.%PP:G
- SA4'=4TAI-+'POWC
%R+N


MA-VDEE=3*=)-TMJAMC(NVO!70?ZEQ=6TB(M2&N*^HLJ2[=;EIP)P)X/\?E

V9!FN7PMN!N!B
 'FX#:&U'
M+R






 $@
M            @ $     9W)S:'4M
C Q-3$R


#$U
3(S



34Q
C
Q


