

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001644406-20-000011
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		116
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20191231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20200226
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20200226
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Hostess Brands
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001644406
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BAKERY PRODUCTS [2050]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37540
		FILM NUMBER:		20655648
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 EAST ARMOUR BOULEVARD
		CITY:			KANSAS CITY
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			64111
		BUSINESS PHONE:		816-701-4600
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 EAST ARMOUR BOULEVARD
		CITY:			KANSAS CITY
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			64111
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Gores Holdings
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150608









g:4c196c68-f848-45f9-9342-d60f30811fe9

Washington
December 31
HOSTESS BRANDS
7905 Quivira Road
Lenexa
Registrant&#8217;s telephone number
Class A Common Stock
56
499
790 Warrants
Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)&#160;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12&#160;months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting company
 or an emerging growth company. See definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;smaller reporting company
If an emerging growth company
The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30
 2019

568
915

650
123
186

7
440

HOSTESS BRANDS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED December&#160;31
Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
Directors
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
Exhibits
This Annual Report on Form 10-K (&#8220;Annual Report&#8221;) contains statements reflecting our views about our future performance that constitute &#8220;forward-looking statements&#8221; within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &#8220;Securities Act&#8221;) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;)
 that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements contained in this Annual Report other than statements of historical fact
 including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position
 our business strategy and plans
 and our objectives for future operations
 are forward-looking statements. Statements that constitute forward-looking statements are generally identified through the inclusion of words such as &#8220;believes
&#8221; &#8220;expects
&#8221; &#8220;intends
&#8221; &#8220;estimates
&#8221; &#8220;projects
&#8221; &#8220;anticipates
&#8221; &#8220;will
&#8221; &#8220;plan
&#8221; &#8220;may
&#8221; &#8220;should
&#8221; or similar language. Statements addressing our future operating performance and statements addressing events and developments that we expect or anticipate will occur are also considered as forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements included herein are made only as of the date hereof. It is routine for our internal projections and expectations to change throughout the year
 and any forward-looking statements based upon these projections or expectations may change prior to the end of the next quarter or year. Readers of this Annual Report are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. As a result of a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties
 our actual results or performance may be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties are identified and discussed in Item 1A-Risk Factors in this Annual Report. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these risk factors. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement
 whether as a result of new information
 future events
Hostess Brands
 Inc. (f/k/a Gores Holdings
 Inc.) was originally incorporated in Delaware on June 1
 2015 as a special purpose acquisition company (&#8220;SPAC&#8221;)
 formed for the purpose of effecting a merger
 capital stock exchange
 asset acquisition
 stock purchase
 reorganization
 or other similar business combination with one or more target businesses. On August 19
 2015
 Gores Holdings
 Inc. consummated its initial public offering (the &#8220;IPO&#8221;)
On November 4
 2016 (the &#8220;Closing Date&#8221;)
 in a transaction referred to as the &#8220;Hostess Business Combination
&#8221; Gores Holdings
 Inc. acquired a controlling interest in Hostess Holdings
 L.P. (&#8220;Hostess Holdings&#8221;)
 an entity owned indirectly by C. Dean Metropoulos (the &#8220;Metropoulos Entities&#8221;) and certain equity funds managed by affiliates of Apollo Global Management
 LLC (the &#8220;Apollo Funds&#8221; and
 together with the Metropoulos Entities
 the &#8220;Legacy Hostess Equityholders&#8221;). Hostess Holdings had acquired the Hostess&#174; brand and certain strategic assets out of the bankruptcy liquidation proceedings of its prior owner (&#8220;Old Hostess&#8221;)
 free and clear of all past liabilities
 in April 2013
In connection with the closing of the Hostess Business Combination
 Gores Holdings
 Inc. changed its name to Hostess Brands
&#160;Inc. and its trading symbols on NASDAQ from &#8220;GRSH&#8221; and &#8220;GRSHW
As a result of the Hostess Business Combination
 for accounting purposes
 Hostess Brands
 Inc. (&#8220;we&#8221;
 &#8220;us&#8221;
 &#8220;our&#8221; or the &#8220;Company&#8221;) is the acquirer and Hostess Holdings is the acquired party and accounting predecessor. Our financial statement presentation includes the financial statements of Hostess Holdings and its subsidiaries as &#8220;Predecessor&#8221; for periods prior to the completion of the Hostess Business Combination and of Hostess Brands
 Inc.
 including the consolidation of Hostess Holdings and its subsidiaries
We are a leading packaged food company focused on developing
 manufacturing
 selling and distributing baked goods in North America. The Company produces a variety of new and classic treats including Hostess&#174; CupCakes
 Twinkies&#174;
 Donettes&#174;
 Ding Dongs&#174;
 and Zingers&#174; in addition to Danishes
 Honey Buns and Coffee Cakes. In January 2020
 the Company acquired Voortman Cookies
 Limited (&#8220;Voortman&#8221;)
 which produces a variety of cookies and wafer products
 including sugar-free products under the Voortman&#174; brand. Our strategic vision is to be an iconic branded baking company that builds brands and categories to delight our consumers and customers. We seek to leverage our differentiated core competencies of strong brand equity
 continuous innovation
 efficient manufacturing and distribution model
 collaborative customer partnerships
We operate in the growing snacking market where indulgent
 sweet snacking continues to be a top driver. Our brands represented 18.8% of the Sweet Baked Goods (&#8220;SBG&#8221;) category according to Nielsen total universe for the 52-weeks ended December&#160;28
We have invested significantly in retailer and consumer data analysis to identify distribution and pricing opportunities and in automated baking and packaging lines to enhance production efficiency. These investments
 combined with our Direct-to-Warehouse (&#8220;DTW&#8221;) distribution model
 have maintained our leading
 premium brand position within the $6.8&#160;billion U.S. SBG category and have increased our distribution channels
 paving a path towards future sustainable
Our DTW distribution model uses centralized distribution centers and common carriers to fill orders
 with products generally delivered to our customers&#8217; warehouses. This model has eliminated the need for Direct-Store-Delivery (&#8220;DSD&#8221;) routes and drivers
 which allows us to expand our core distribution while gaining access to new channels (e.g.
 further penetration into convenience
 drug store
 dollar
 foodservice
Hostess&#174; has been an iconic American brand for generations. In 2019
 we celebrated our 100 year anniversary of the launch of our first CupCake. Our extensive portfolio of timeless and universally recognized names such as Twinkies&#174;
 HoHos&#174; and Ding Dongs&#174; evoke an emotional affinity with consumers that has the potential to be further unlocked through effective marketing and consumer-insight based innovation. We produce Hostess&#174;
 Dolly Madison&#174;
 Cloverhill&#174; and Big Texas&#174; branded products. Each brand targets different key markets and consumer needs. Additionally
We are executing our growth strategy by strengthening our core Hostess&#174; brand and expanding into adjacent categories through innovation and strong partnerships with our customers
 leveraging our highly efficient and profitable business model and executing strategic acquisitions to accelerate growth
We believe that we have maintained the Hostess&#174; brand power and category awareness for over a century by satisfying consumers&#8217; need for great-tasting sweet treats. We believe our portfolio of highly recognized products is synonymous with American snacking. We have established our leadership position in the SBG segment through the strength and quality of our products
We plan to capitalize on the strength of the Hostess&#174; brand and our attractive retailer economics in order to drive growth by attracting new consumers and increasing the number of stores carrying our products. With the potential afforded by the extended reach of our DTW distribution model
 our market share gains are expected to come from traditional channels (&#8220;core expansion&#8221;) through our investment in quality
 targeted marketing
Our brand strategy
 combined with investments in highly effective marketing and brand-building
 has resulted in what we believe to be one of the strongest brand equities in snacking. By expanding points of distribution and increasing SKU assortments
 we plan to continue top line growth in the future. Our top three products (Donettes
 and CupCakes) have all commodity volume (&#8220;ACV&#8221;) distribution rates in core channels that are significantly higher than the average rate achieved by other products in our portfolio (based on Nielsen 52-weeks ending December&#160;28
 2019). These high levels are directly correlated to our focused approach on our strategic initiatives. By applying this tailored and focused approach to our other existing product lines
Innovation is key to fueling our growth. We are devoted to maintaining our iconic brands while contemporizing them in order to stay relevant with our consumer base and attract new consumers. We believe that to support our premium position
 we must continually evolve with changing consumer preferences and trends. We are focused on continuing to innovate and expand our core products by launching new flavors of iconic products to leverage the brand&#8217;s power and drive incremental revenue and profit.The success of our product innovation is in part driven by understanding consumer preferences
 providing awareness and trials by partnering with our customers
We are driving incremental growth in the Hostess&#174; brand through extensions of our core products and limited time offerings. During 2019
 we had great success with our Birthday CupCake. Originally created as a limited time offering to celebrate our 100 year anniversary
 it was quickly added to our core product portfolio due to high consumer demand. The Birthday CupCake is now our #2 selling CupCake flavor. New products such as Triple Chocolate Brownies and Totally Nutty&#174; expand the Hostess&#174; brand into new consumer segments. Fun seasonable items such as Baseball CupCakes
 Mint Chocolate Twinkies as well as other limited time offerings tied to cultural trends such as Unicorn CupCakes and Fruitfetti Donettes&#174;
During 2019
 the breakfast sub-category also provided a significant opportunity for us to expand our total share of the SBG category. This sub-category represents approximately 52% of the $6.8 billion SBG category according to Nielsen U.S. total universe for the 52-weeks ended December&#160;28
 2019. According to a January 2019 study by Mintel
 breakfast was one of the top consumer snacking opportunities. These consumption trends play to our strengths as our products conveniently come packaged in both single-serve and multipack varieties. The acquisition of the Cloverhill&#174; Business in 2018 enabled us to leverage our existing platform and to expand our breakfast capabilities in this significant consumer segment. In 2019
 we launched our new Hostess&#174; Cinnamon Rolls
 Danishes and Jumbo Donettes&#174;. We also launched additional pack-types for our classic breakfast treats
 such as the snack size Donettes&#174;
We continue to launch new partnerships and enter into licensing agreements to leverage our iconic brands. During 2019
 we partnered with other consumer packaged goods companies to bring our iconic brands and flavor profiles to various products
 including coffee and breakfast cereal. Our products are also distributed by third parties internationally
 including products packed specifically for Mexico
We understand the need to continually evolve while maintaining the traditional offerings our loyal consumer base has come to know and love. We continue to invest in new product development and building our long-term pipeline
When we relaunched the Company
 we set out to disrupt the status quo business model of the SBG category.&#160;We established our innovative DTW distribution model and heavily invested in our bakeries
 which has resulted in energy
 labor and time savings
The DTW model uses centralized distribution centers and common carriers. During 2019
 we entered into a lease for a new primary distribution center and successfully transitioned a significant portion of the shipments of our products to the new facility in Kansas. Our former primary distribution center was managed by a third party provider
The DTW model is enabled by our extended shelf life (&#8220;ESL&#8221;) technology. As a result of our DTW model
 we do not keep a significant backlog of finished goods inventory
We believe our DTW distribution model has created a substantial whitespace opportunity. We have greater access to convenience
 drug and dollar stores. Distributing to these channels under a DSD model can be inefficient due to small average drop size. Historically
for distribution; however
 our DTW model has enabled us to partner with these third-party distributors who can profitably penetrate both the convenience store and drug store channels and who are looking for opportunities to gain share in the SBG category. In 2019
 convenience and drug stores accounted for 31.5% of our net revenues. We have established a strong presence and market share in the convenience and drug channels and are focused on continuously expanding coverage. These partnerships further expand our distribution reach in a highly efficient manner
We have a tailored channel based go-to-market model that demonstrates key capabilities for growth. We continue to invest in data capabilities
We believe that impulse purchase decisions are another fundamental driver of retail sales of our products
 which makes prominent in-store placement an essential growth lever. The DTW and centralized distribution model provide us with a competitive advantage through the ability to utilize retail-ready corrugate displays. These pre-built displays are visually impactful
 produced economically
 and require minimal in-store labor to assemble or load
 thus providing cost-efficient display vehicles that benefit both us and the retailer. Preloaded displays also allow us full control over our brand marketing
 which allows us to execute retailer-wide campaigns regionally or nationally in a consistent manner
 providing a unique competitive advantage across the entire SBG category
Our business model is supported by cost-advantaged manufacturing and distribution
 expanded channel/retail store reach and enhanced in-store merchandising capabilities
We have continued to invest in the business since the re-launch in 2013 and anticipate continued investment in the business to further our strategic initiatives. Our disciplined capital investment focus will be on operational capabilities that directly support or expand our growth and innovation with strong return on investment metrics. Further
 we anticipate continued investment in automation
 which allows for improved product quality
We have a solid platform for growth through acquisitions. Within the fragmented consumer packaged goods market
 the opportunity exists to drive value creation through acquisitions by leveraging our brand
The 2018 acquisition and integration of the Cloverhill&#174; business in Chicago
 Illinois
 is another example where we are leveraging our warehouse model and expanding our breakfast capabilities. The transformation and significant capital investment we have made in this facility have provided us with a platform to leverage our brand in the breakfast sub-category. Net revenue from the sale of Hostess&#174; products through the club channel increased 44.7% from the prior year
On August 30
 2019
 we sold the In-Store Bakery operations in order to provide more focus on future investments in areas of our business that better leverage our core competencies. We sold the In-Store Bakery operations for $65.0 million
The acquisition of Voortman in January 2020 diversifies and expands our product offerings and manufacturing capabilities in the attractive
 adjacent $7.8 billion cookie category based on Nielsen data as of December 28
 2019. The Voortman&#174; brand and its unique product offerings have the #1 share of the sugar-free and wafer segments within this category. The acquisition also leverages our broad customer reach and lean and agile business model. The combined company expects to realize additional benefits of scale via sharing established
As we explore other opportunities
 we will consider our ability to leverage our existing brands or reinvigorate acquired brands within the snacking category. We will also consider our ability to integrate acquisitions with our existing business and the opportunities to generate synergies through leveraging of our existing assets and warehouse model. We believe our scale
The average American is snacking 3-5 times per day and the larger snacking market is expected to grow by 20% between 2018 and 2022 according to Mintel. The U.S. SBG category is one of the largest categories within the broader U.S. Total Snack category
 with estimated retail sales of $6.8 billion in 2019 according to the Nielsen U.S. total universe for the 52-weeks ended December&#160;28
 2019. The SBG category includes breakfast items (
 donuts
 breakfast danishes
 and muffins) and all-day snacking items (
 snack cakes
 pies
 bars
 brownies
 blondies
 and cookies).&#160;With a January 2019 Mintel study showing that flavor is the most important snacking attribute to consumers and the number one reason for snacking is to &#8220;satisfy a craving or treat myself&#8221;
During 2019
 point of sale for our combined brands grew 77.6&#160;million representing 60.3% of total SBG category growth. Our combined brands represented 18.8% share of the SBG category during 2019
Hostess&#174; is the #2 brand in the U.S. SBG category. The top three brands
 Hostess
 Little Debbie
of the SBG retail sales according to Nielsen
 while the rest of the category remains fairly fragmented. With limited private label penetration in the category
 consumers have shown a strong preference for trusted brands within the SBG category. The leading positions are solidified through extensive product portfolios
 strong brand awareness
 established distribution capabilities and long-standing relationships with critical high-volume retailers. Furthermore
 high levels of capital investment are required to establish manufacturing and distribution capabilities of meaningful scale
We face competition from other brands
 large national bakeries
 smaller regional operators and supermarket chains with their own private label brands. The key competitive factors in the industry include product quality
 price
 customer service
 brand recognition and loyalty
 promotional activities
 access to retail outlets
 sufficient shelf-space and ability to identify and satisfy consumer preferences. Some of our largest national competitors include Flowers Foods
 Inc.
 Grupo Bimbo
 S.A. and McKee Foods Corporation. In addition
 we also compete with regional sweet goods branded manufacturers and other companies that produce cookies
 candies and other sweet snacks. At times
 we experience pricing pressure in certain of our markets from competitor promotions and other pricing practices. However
 we believe our brand recognition
Sweet baked goods revenues tend to be moderately seasonal
 with declines during the early winter period
We have a lean
 agile and scalable model that delivers quality results. We produce our products at five bakeries located in Emporia
 Kansas; Columbus
 Georgia; Indianapolis
 Indiana; Chicago
 Illinois; and our newly acquired bakery in Canada. Our state of the art auto-bake technologies have resulted in significant energy
 labor and time savings. The technology provides fully-automated industrial baking ovens and systems
 combining cost efficient
Our principal raw materials are flour
 sweeteners
 edible oils and compound coating
 as well as corrugate and films used to package our products. We utilize various buying strategies to lock in prices for certain raw materials and packaging to reduce the impact of commodity price fluctuations. In addition
We have strategic
 long-term relationships with our key suppliers for our raw materials and packaging that help leverage our buying power. While the cost of some raw materials has
 and may continue to increase or decrease over time
et our supply requirements for the sole sourced materials
 except in the case of certain enzymes used in our ESL technology. With respect to the enzymes
Our top 10 customers in 2019 accounted for 62.3% of total net revenue. During 2019
 our largest customer
 Wal-Mart and related entities
% of our net revenue. No other customer accounted for more than 10% of 2019 net revenue. The loss of
 or a material negative change in
 our relationship with Wal-Mart or any of our other top 10 customers could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our customers include mass merchandisers
 supermarkets and other retailers and distributors
 convenience
We believe that our intellectual property has substantial value and has contributed to the success of our business. In particular
 our trademarks
 including our registered Hostess
 Dolly Madison
 Cloverhill
 brand trademarks and our sub-brand trademarks
 including Twinkies
 Ding Dongs
 Ho Hos
 Zingers
 Sno Balls
 and Donettes
From time to time
 third parties have used names similar to ours
 have applied to register trademarks similar to ours and
 we believe
 have infringed or misappropriated our intellectual property rights. Third parties have also
 from time to time
 opposed our trademarks and challenged our intellectual property rights. We respond to these actions on a case-by-case basis. We rely on laws and regulations
 as well as contractual restrictions
The majority of our research and development spend is dedicated to enhancing and expanding our product lines
 responding to changing consumer preferences and trends and continuing to enhance the taste of our products. In addition
 our research and development organization provides technical support to ensure that our core products are consistently produced in accordance with our high standards of quality and specifications. Finally
Our operations
 including the manufacturing
 processing
 formulating
 packaging
 labeling and advertising of products
 are subject to regulation by various federal agencies
 including the Food and Drug Administration (the &#8220;FDA&#8221;)
 the Federal Trade Commission (the &#8220;FTC&#8221;)
 and the Environmental Protection Agency (the &#8220;EPA&#8221;). Our products are subject to various local
 state
 and federal laws
 regulations and administrative practices affecting our business. We must comply with provisions regulating registrations and licensing
 health and sanitation standards
 current Good Manufacturing Practices and traceability
 hazard analysis and risk-based preventative controls
 food labeling
 equal employment
 wage and hour requirements
 and environmental protection
 among others. We take compliance and the safety of our products seriously and take all steps that we consider necessary or appropriate to comply with all applicable laws
The Company&#8217;s culture is an integral part of our strategy
 built on entrepreneurship
 innovation
 collaboration and a competitive spirit. Embodying these tenets is a strong and experienced management team
 led by Andy Callahan
 our President and Chief Executive Officer. Members of the management team have extensive experience in the consumer packaged goods industry across the sales
 operations
 marketing
Our management team is complemented by an experienced Board of Directors
Andy P. Callahan
Andy P. Callahan
C. Dean Metropoulos
Brian T. Purcell
 Executive Vice President
Craig D. Steeneck
Michael J. Cramer
 Executive Vice President
Gretchen R. Crist
Andrew W. Jacobs
 Executive Vice President
Ioannis Skoufalos
Thomas A. Peterson
 Executive Vice President
Jerry D.Kaminski
John L. Kalal
Laurence D. Bodner
Chad S. Lusk
 Senior Vice President
Darryl P. Riley
 Senior Vice President of Quality
Jolyn J. Sebree
 Senior Vice President
Robert C. Weber
 Senior Vice President
A detailed biography of each of our board members and key management team members can be found at www.hostessbrands.com. Unless expressly stated otherwise
As of December&#160;31
 2019
 we employed approximately 2
000 people. Of our total workforce
 approximately 81% were located at our bakery facilities. The remaining workers comprised functions including operations management
 sales and supply chain
 among other corporate functions. We have entered into collective bargaining agreements with the local unions of the Bakery
 Confectionery
 Tobacco Workers and Grain Millers Union in Indianapolis
 Indiana and Columbus
 Georgia
 AFL-CIO and the Chemical Production Workers Union Local No. 30 in Chicago
We are committed to keeping our employees safe
Our goal is to create a higher standard of living and quality of life for our employees and our communities. We believe new automation
 safety investments and behavioral safety training have resulted in higher employee engagement and lower workers&#8217; compensation costs. We meet periodically with local and state leaders to discuss business planning and ways to become a better community partner with educational
This discussion of the business should be read in conjunction with
 and is qualified by reference to
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (&#8220;MD&amp;A&#8221;) under Item 7 herein. In addition
 the information set forth under the headings &#8220;Forward Looking Statements
&#8221; and &#8220;Introduction&#8221; in the MD&amp;A and the segment and geographic information included in Item 8
The Company&#8217;s Internet website address is www.hostessbrands.com. The Company makes available free of charge (other than an investor&#8217;s own Internet access charges) through its Internet website its Annual Report on Form 10-K
 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
 Current Reports on Form 8-K
 and amendments to those reports
 on the same day they are electronically filed with
 or furnished to
 the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company is not including the information contained on or available through its website as a part of
 or incorporating such information by reference into
You should carefully consider the following risk factors
 together with all of the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The risks described below are those which we believe are the material risks that we face. Additional risks not presently known to us or which we currently consider immaterial may also have an adverse effect on us. Any risk described below may have a material adverse impact on our business or financial condition. Under these circumstances
 the trading price of our common stock could decline
Maintaining
We have many iconic brands with long-standing consumer recognition. Our success depends on our ability to maintain our brand image for our existing products
 extend our brands to new platforms
We seek to maintain
 extend
 and expand our brand image through marketing investments
 including advertising and consumer promotions
 and product innovation. Increasing attention on the role of food marketing could adversely affect our brand image. It could also lead to stricter regulations and greater scrutiny of marketing practices. Existing or increased legal or regulatory restrictions on our advertising
 consumer promotions and marketing
 or our response to those restrictions
 could limit our efforts to maintain
 extend and expand our brands. Moreover
 adverse publicity about regulatory or legal action against us could damage our reputation and brand image
 undermine our customers&#8217; confidence and reduce long-term demand for our products
In addition
 our success in maintaining
 extending
 and expanding our brand image depends on our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing media environment. We increasingly rely on social media and online dissemination of advertising campaigns. Social and digital media increases the speed and extent that information or misinformation and opinions can be shared. Negative posts or comments about us
 our brands or our products on social or digital media
 whether or not valid
 could seriously damage our brands and reputation. If we do not maintain
 extend
 and expand our brand image
 then our product sales
Our intellectual property rights are valuable
We consider our intellectual property rights
 including our trademarks
 trade names
 copyrights
 trade secrets and trade dress
 to be a significant and valuable part of our business. We attempt to protect our intellectual property rights by taking advantage of a combination of applicable laws
 registrations of our intellectual property
 third-party agreements (including non-disclosures
 assignments
 distribution and/or manufacturing
 licenses
 consents and co-existence) and policing and enforcement of third-party misuse or infringement of our intellectual property. Our failure to obtain or adequately protect our intellectual property rights
 or any change in law or other changes that serve to lessen or remove the current legal protections of our intellectual property
 may diminish our competitiveness and could materially harm our business. In addition
Any litigation regarding intellectual property (including third-party infringement claims or litigation initiated by us to protect our intellectual property rights) could be costly and time-consuming and could divert management&#8217;s and other key personnel&#8217;s attention from our business operations. Any of the occurrences outlined above could materially and adversely affect our reputation
 product sales
In most of our product categories
 we compete with lower-priced alternative products. Our products must provide higher value and/or quality to our consumers than alternatives
 particularly during periods of economic uncertainty. Consumers may not buy our products if relative differences in value and/or quality between our products and retailer or other economy brands change in favor of competitors&#8217; products or if consumers perceive this type of change. If consumers choose the lower-priced brands
 then we could lose market share or sales volumes
 which could materially and adversely affect our product sales
 financial condition
We may be unable to correctly predict
Consumer preferences for food and snacking products change continually. Our success will depend on our ability to predict
 identify and interpret the tastes
 dietary habits
 purchasing behavior and other preferences of consumers and to offer products that appeal to these preferences. Moreover
 weak economic conditions
 recession or other factors could affect consumer preferences and demand. If we do not offer products that appeal to consumers or if we misjudge consumer demand for our products
We continually introduce new products or product extensions and our operating results and growth will depend upon the market reception of such new products. There can be no assurance that new products will find widespread acceptance among consumers
In addition
 prolonged negative perceptions concerning the health implications of certain food products could influence consumer preferences and acceptance of some of our products and marketing programs. For example
 consumers are increasingly focused on health and wellness
 and aware of product ingredients such as added sugar and artificial flavors or colors. We might be unsuccessful in our efforts to effectively respond to changing consumer preferences and social expectations. Continued negative perceptions and failure to satisfy consumer preferences could materially and adversely affect our reputation
 product sales
The SBG industry is highly competitive. Numerous brands and products compete for shelf space and sales
 with competition based primarily on product quality
 brand recognition and loyalty
 price
 trade promotion
 consumer promotion
 customer service
 and the ability to identify and satisfy emerging consumer preferences. We face competition from other large national bakeries
 smaller regional operators
 supermarket chains with their own private labeled brands
 grocery stores with their own in-store bakery departments and diversified food companies. Our competitors include a significant number of companies of varying sizes
 including divisions
 subdivisions
 or subsidiaries of larger companies. Many of these competitors have multiple product lines
 substantially greater financial and other resources available to them
 and may be substantially less leveraged than us. We may not be able to compete successfully with these companies. Competitive pressures or other factors could cause us to lose market share
 which may require us to lower prices
 increase marketing and advertising expenditures
 or increase the use of discounting or promotional campaigns
Our results will depend on our ability to drive revenue growth
 in part
 by expanding the distribution channels for our products. However
 our ability to do so may be limited by our inability to secure additional shelf
 display
 or other retail space for our products. Retail space for sweet baked goods is limited and subject to competitive and other pressures
 and there can be no assurance that retail operators will provide us sufficient space for our products to enable us to meet our growth objectives. If we are unable to maintain or increase our retail space we could experience an adverse impact on our product sales
We have invested to extend our product shelf life
 while maintaining our products&#8217; taste
 texture and quality. Extended shelf life
 or ESL
 is an important component of our DTW model. Our ability to produce and successfully market existing and new products with ESL
 while maintaining taste
 texture and quality
 is essential to our success. If we are unable to continue to produce products with ESL or if the products are not accepted by consumers
 we could be forced to make changes to our distribution model and that could have an adverse effect on our product sales
If we do not successfully integrate and manage our acquired businesses or brands
From time to time
 we acquire businesses or brands to expand our product portfolio and distribution
 including Voortman
 which was acquired in January of 2020. We may incur unforeseen liabilities and obligations in connection with the acquisition
 integration
 or management of the acquired businesses or brands and may encounter unexpected difficulties and costs in integrating them into our operating and internal control structures. We may also experience delays in extending our internal control over financial reporting to a newly acquired business
 which may increase the risk of failure to prevent misstatements in their financial records and in our consolidated financial statements. Our financial performance depends in large part on how well we can manage and improve the performance of acquired businesses or brands. We cannot assure you
 however
 that we will be able to achieve our strategic and financial objectives for such acquisitions. If we are unable to achieve such objectives
The SBG industry&#8217;s overall growth is linked to population growth. Our future results will depend on our ability to drive revenue growth in our key products. Because our operations are concentrated in North America where growth in the SBG industry has been moderate
 our success also depends in part on our ability to enhance our portfolio by adding innovative new products. There can be no assurance that new products will find widespread acceptance among consumers. Our failure to drive revenue growth in our key products or develop innovative new products could materially and adversely affect our profitability
We purchase and use large quantities of commodities
 including flour
 sweeteners
 edible oils and compound coating to manufacture our products. In addition
Prices for commodities
 energy
 transportation and other inputs are volatile and can fluctuate due to conditions that are difficult to predict
 including global competition for resources
 currency fluctuations
 severe weather
 the potential effects of climate change
 consumer
 industrial or investment demand
 and changes in regulatory
 trade
 alternative energy
 or agricultural policies. Rising commodity
 energy
 transportation and other input costs could materially and adversely affect our cost of operations
We monitor our exposure to commodity prices as an integral part of our overall risk management program
 and seek to utilize forward buying strategies through short-term and long-term advance purchase contracts
 to lock in prices for certain high-volume raw materials
 packaging components and fuel inputs. These strategies
 however
Continued volatility or sustained increases in the prices of commodities
 transportation and other supplies we purchase could increase the costs of our products
 and our profitability could suffer. Moreover
 increases in the prices of our products to cover these increased costs may result in lower sales volumes. If we are not successful in our buying strategies
 or if we are unable to price our products to cover increased costs
We may not be able to pass some or all of any increases in the price of raw materials
 energy
 and other input costs to our customers by raising prices. In the event we increase our prices
 customers and consumers may choose to purchase competing products or may shift purchases to private label or other lower-priced offerings
Consumers may be less willing or able to pay a price differential for our branded products
 and may increasingly purchase lower-priced offerings and may forego some purchases altogether
 especially during economic downturns. Retailers may also increase levels of promotional activity for lower-priced offerings as they seek to maintain sales volumes during times of economic uncertainty. Accordingly
 sales volumes of our branded products could be reduced or lead to a shift in sales mix toward our lower-margin offerings. As a result
We utilize third-party carriers to ship our products to customers. The availability of timely and reliable transportation and the associated costs are subject to market demand
 carrier capacity
If we lose one or more of our major customers
 or if any of our major customers experience significant business interruption
% of our net revenue for the year ended December&#160;31
 2019. Cumulatively
 including Wal-Mart
 our top ten customers accounted for 62.3% of total net revenue for the year ended December&#160;31
We do not have long-term supply contracts with any of our major customers. The loss of one or more major customers
 a material reduction in sales to these customers for any reason
 including but not limited to a significant business interruption of our customers&#8217; operations or our inability to forecast demand and plan production to fulfill customer orders would result in a decrease in our product sales
We operate in North America and are particularly susceptible to adverse United States regulations
 trade policies
 economic climate
 consumer trends
 market fluctuations
 including commodity price fluctuations or supply shortages of our key ingredients
 and other adverse events. The concentration of our businesses in North America could present challenges and may increase the likelihood that an adverse event in the United States would materially and adversely affect our product sales
Retail customers may continue to consolidate
 resulting in fewer customers for our business. Consolidation also produces larger retail customers that may seek to leverage their position to improve their profitability by demanding improved efficiency
 lower pricing
 increased promotional programs
 or specifically tailored products. In addition
 larger retailers have the scale to develop supply chains that permit them to operate with reduced inventories or to develop and market their own retailer brands. Retail consolidation and increased retailer power could materially and adversely affect our product sales
 financial condition
Retail consolidation also increases the risk that adverse changes in our customers&#8217; business operations or financial performance will have a corresponding material and adverse effect on us. For example
 if our customers cannot access sufficient funds or financing
 then they may delay
 decrease
 or cancel purchases of our products
 or delay or fail to pay us for previous purchases
 which could materially and adversely affect our product sales
 financial condition
Inflationary pressures and any shortages in the labor market could increase labor costs
 which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated operating results or financial condition. Our labor costs include the cost of providing employee benefits
 including health and welfare
Various federal and state labor laws govern our relationships with our employees and affect operating costs. These laws include employee classifications as exempt or non-exempt
 minimum wage requirements
 unemployment tax rates
 workers&#8217; compensation rates
 overtime
 family leave
 safety standards
 payroll taxes
 citizenship requirements and other wage and benefit requirements for employees classified as non-exempt. As our employees are paid at rates set above
 but related to
 the applicable minimum wage
 further increases in the minimum wage could increase our labor costs. Significant additional government regulations could materially and adversely affect our business
Under the United States Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (the &#8220;ACA&#8221;)
 we are required to provide affordable coverage
 as defined in the ACA
 to all employees
 or otherwise be subject to a payment per employee based on the affordability criteria in the ACA. Additionally
 some states and localities have passed state and local laws mandating the provision of certain levels of health benefits by some employers. Increased health care and insurance costs could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and operating results. In addition
 changes in federal or state workplace regulations could adversely affect our business
A portion of our workforce belongs to unions. Failure to successfully negotiate collective bargaining agreements
 of our employees
 as of December&#160;31
 2019
 are covered by collective bargaining agreements and other employees may seek to be covered by collective bargaining agreements. Strikes or work stoppages or other business interruptions could occur if we are unable to renew these agreements on satisfactory terms or enter into new agreements on satisfactory terms
 which could impair manufacturing and distribution of our products or result in a loss of sales
 which could adversely impact our business
 financial condition or operating results. The terms and conditions of existing
We may be subject to product liability claims should the consumption of any of our products cause injury
We sell food products for human consumption
 which involves risks such as product contamination or spoilage
 mislabeling
 product tampering and other adulteration of food products. Consumption of a mislabeled
 adulterated
 contaminated or spoiled product may result in personal illness or injury. We could be subject to claims or lawsuits relating to an actual or alleged illness or injury
 and we could incur liabilities that are not insured or exceed our insurance coverage. Even if product liability claims against us are not successful or fully pursued
 these claims could be costly and time consuming and may require our management to spend time defending the claims rather than operating the business. In addition
Product recalls may increase our costs
 negatively impact our brands&#8217; reputation
A product that has been actually or allegedly misbranded or becomes adulterated could result in product withdrawals or recalls
 destruction of product inventory
 negative publicity
 temporary plant closings
 substantial cost of compliance or remediation
 and potentially significant product liability judgments against us. Any of these events could result in a loss of demand for our products
 which would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition
 operating results or cash flows. We could also be adversely affected if consumers lose confidence in our product quality
Factors that are hard to predict or beyond our control
 like weather
 natural disasters
 the potential effects of climate change
 fire
 explosions
 terrorism
 political unrest
 generalized labor unrest or health pandemics could damage or disrupt our operations. In addition
 our operations could be disrupted by one or more material equipment failures. We do not have significant redundant operating equipment to allow for such disruptions. Accordingly
 if we do not effectively respond to disruptions in our operations
 for example
 by replacing capacity at our manufacturing locations
 or cannot quickly repair damage to our information
 production or supply systems
 we may be late in delivering or unable to deliver products to our customers. If that occurs
 we may lose our customers&#8217; confidence
 and long-term consumer demand for our products could decline. These events could materially and adversely affect our product sales
We rely on third parties for services related to sales
We utilize third-party sales and marketing services and common carriers to execute order fulfillment for the majority of our products. While these services have increased our market penetration and expanded our distribution reach
 we are dependent upon these third parties to effectively market
 sell and distribute our products.&#160;We do not have long-term contracts with any of these third-party service providers.&#160;Accordingly
 any termination by a third-party provider of their services to us
 or any failure by these third parties to perform their obligations to us
We may not successfully identify or complete strategic acquisitions
 alliances
From time to time
 we may evaluate acquisition candidates
 alliances or joint ventures that may strategically fit our business objectives
 or we may consider divesting businesses that do not meet our strategic objectives
 growth or profitability targets. These activities may present financial
 managerial
 and operational risks
 including
 but not limited to
 diversion of management&#8217;s attention from existing core businesses. In addition
 to the extent we undertake acquisitions
 alliances or joint ventures or other developments outside our core geography or in new categories
 we may face additional risks related to such developments. For example
 the acquisition of Voortman in January 2020 creates new exposure to Canadian regulatory
 market and currency exchange risks. Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our product sales
 financial condition
Unsuccessful implementation of business strategies to reduce costs may adversely affect our business
 financial conditions
Many of our costs
 such as freight
 raw materials and energy
 are subject to factors outstide of our control. Therefore
 we must seek to reduce costs in other areas
 such as through operating efficiency. If we are not able to complete projects designed to reduce costs and increase operating efficiency on time or within budget
 our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows may be adversely impacted. In addition
 if the cost-saving initiatives we have implemented
 or any future cost-saving initiatives
 do not generate the expected cost savings and synergies
 our business
 financial condition
As a large food company
 we operate in a highly regulated environment with constantly evolving legal and regulatory frameworks. Various laws and regulations govern food production
 storage
 distribution
 sales
 advertising and marketing
 as well as licensing
 trade
 labor
 tax and environmental matters
 and health and safety practices. Government authorities regularly change laws and regulations and their interpretations. Consequently
 we are subject to heightened risk of legal claims or other regulatory enforcement actions. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with existing laws and regulations
 there can be no assurance that our employees
 contractors
 or agents will not violate our policies and procedures. Moreover
 a failure to maintain effective control processes could lead to violations
 unintentional or otherwise
 of laws and regulations. Legal claims or regulatory enforcement actions arising out of our failure or alleged failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us to civil and criminal penalties that could materially and adversely affect our product sales
 reputation
 financial condition
We believe that we maintain insurance customary for businesses of our size and type. However
We are subject to laws and regulations relating to protection of the environment
 worker health
 and workplace safety. Costs to comply with these laws and regulations
 or claims with respect to environmental
 health and safety matters
Our operations are subject to various federal
 state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment
 including those governing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water
 the management and disposal of solid and hazardous materials and wastes
 employee exposure to hazards in the workplace and the cleanup of contaminated sites. We are required to obtain and comply with environmental permits for many of our operations
 and sometimes we are required to install pollution control equipment or to implement operational changes to limit air emissions or wastewater discharges and/or decrease the likelihood of accidental releases of hazardous materials. We could incur substantial costs
 including cleanup costs
 civil or criminal fines or penalties
 and third-party claims for property damage or personal injury as a result of any violations of environmental laws and regulations
Under federal and state environmental laws
 we may be liable for the costs of investigation
 removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances
 as well as related costs of investigation and damage to natural resources
 at various properties
 including our current and former properties and the former properties of our predecessors
 as well as off-site waste handling or disposal sites that we or our predecessors have used. Liability may be imposed upon us without regard to whether we knew of or caused the presence of such hazardous or toxic substances. Any such locations we currently own or occupy
 or locations that we may acquire in the future
 may result in liability to us under such laws or expose us to third-party actions such as tort suits based on alleged conduct or environmental conditions. In addition
In addition to regulations applicable to our operations
 failure by any of our suppliers to comply with regulations
 or allegations of compliance failure
 may disrupt their operations and could result in potential liability. Even if we were able to obtain insurance coverage or compensation for any losses or damages resulting from the noncompliance of a supplier with applicable regulations
We cannot predict what environmental or health and safety legislation or regulations will be enacted in the future or how existing or future laws or regulations will be enforced
Our operations are subject to regulation by the FDA
 FTC and other governmental entities
Our operations are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA
 the FTC and other national
 state
 and local authorities. For example
 we are subject to the Food
 Drug and Cosmetics Act (&#8220;FDCA&#8221;) and regulations promulgated thereunder by the FDA. This comprehensive regulatory program governs
 among other things
 the manufacturing
 processing composition and ingredients
 packaging
 holding and safety of food. Under this program
 the FDA regulates manufacturing practices for foods through
 among other things
 its current &#8220;good manufacturing practices&#8221; regulations
 or CGMPs
 and specifies the ingredients for certain foods. Our processing facilities and products are subject to periodic inspection by federal
 state
 and local authorities. The Food Safety Modernization Act increased the number of inspections at food facilities in the United States in an effort to enhance the detection of food-borne illness outbreaks and order recalls of tainted food products. It also imposes greater responsibility upon factors throughout the food chain to design and implement effective preventive controls in food safety programs throughout the supply chain. The FTC and other authorities regulate how we market and advertise our products
 and we could be the target of claims relating to alleged false or deceptive advertising under federal
 state
increase the costs of doing business for us or our customers or suppliers or restrict our actions
We seek to comply with applicable regulations through a combination of employing internal personnel to ensure quality-assurance compliance and contracting with third-party laboratories that conduct analysis of products for the nutritional-labeling requirements. Compliance with regulations is costly and time-consuming. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations or maintain permits and licenses relating to our operations could subject us to civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 recalls or seizures
 as well as potential criminal sanctions or suspensions or revocations of our registration
 permits or licenses
 which could result in increased operating costs resulting in a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
Certain jurisdictions in which our products are made
 manufactured
 distributed or sold have either imposed
 or are considering imposing
 product labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the marketing or sale of certain of our products as a result of ingredients or substances contained in such products. These types of provisions have required that we provide a label that highlights perceived concerns about a product or warns consumers to avoid consumption of certain ingredients or substances present in our products. For example
 in California
 Proposition 65 requires a specific warning on any product that contains a substance listed by the State of California as having been found to cause cancer or birth defects
In addition
 the United States has imposed new nutrition labeling regulations that require food manufacturers to declare the quantity of added sugar
 as well as update serving sizes and labeling requirements for certain package sizes. As we continue to transition our packaging to comply with the new requirements by July 1
 2020
The imposition or proposed imposition of additional product labeling or warning requirements could reduce overall consumption of our products
Changes in laws
 regulations or rules
 or a failure to comply with any laws
 regulations or rules
 may adversely affect our business
We are subject to laws
 regulations and rules enacted by national
 regional and local governments and NASDAQ.&#160;In particular
 we are required to comply with certain SEC
 NASDAQ and other legal or regulatory requirements.&#160;Compliance with
 and monitoring of
 applicable laws
 regulations and rules may be difficult
 time consuming and costly.&#160;Those laws
 regulations or rules and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. A failure to comply with applicable laws
 regulations or rules
 as interpreted and applied
We are subject to income taxes in the United States and Canada
 and our tax liabilities will be subject to the allocation of expenses in differing jurisdictions. Our future effective tax rates could be subject to volatility or adversely affected by a number of factors
changes in tax laws
In addition
 we may be subject to audits of our income
A significant portion of our assets is goodwill and other intangible assets
 the majority of which are not amortized but are reviewed for impairment at least annually and more often if indicators of impairment exist. If the carrying value of these assets exceeds the current estimated fair value
 the asset is considered impaired
 and this would result in a noncash charge to earnings
 which could be material. Events and conditions that could result in impairment include a sustained drop in the market price of our Class A common stock
 increased competition or loss of market share
 obsolescence
 product claims that result in a significant loss of sales or profitability over the product life
 deterioration in macroeconomic conditions
The efficient operation of our business depends on our information technology systems
 most of which are managed by third-party service providers. We rely on our information technology systems to effectively manage our business data
 communications
 supply chain
 order entry and fulfillment
 and other business processes. The failure of our information technology systems to perform as we anticipate could disrupt our business and could result in transaction errors
 processing inefficiencies
 and the loss of sales and customers
 causing our business and operating results to suffer. In addition
 our information technology systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from circumstances beyond our control
 including fire
 natural disasters
 the potential effects of climate change
 power outages
 systems failures
 security breaches
We continuously monitor and update our information technology networks and infrastructure to prevent
 detect
 address and mitigate the risk of unauthorized access
 misuse
 and other events that could have a security impact. We invest to protect our data and business processes against risk of data security breach and cyber-attacks. We believe our security processes provide adequate measures of protection against security breaches. Nevertheless
 despite continued vigilance in these areas
 disruptions in information technology systems
 including unauthorized use of data
 are possible and could have a negative impact on our operations or business reputation. Failure of our systems
 including failures due to cyber-attacks that would prevent the ability of systems to function as intended
 could cause transaction errors
 loss of customers and sales
 and could have negative consequences to our operations
We must hire
We also face increased personnel-related risks. These risks could lead to operational challenges
 including increased competition for employees with the skills we require to achieve our business goals
 and higher employee turnover
 including employees with key capabilities. Furthermore
 we might be unable to manage changes in
 or that affect
 our workforce appropriately or satisfy the legal requirements associated with how we manage and compensate our employees. These risks could materially and adversely affect our reputation
 ability to meet the needs of our customers
 product sales
Our substantial leverage could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations
 limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry
 expose us to interest rate risk to the extent of our variable rate debt
We are highly leveraged. As of December&#160;31
 2019
 our total balance on long term debt
 excluding deferred financing charges
 discount
 premium
 and lease obligations
 was approximately $973.9 million. Our high degree of leverage could have important consequences
requiring a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness
 thereby reducing our ability to use our cash flow to fund our operations
 capital expenditures
limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital
 capital expenditures
 product development
 debt service requirements
 acquisitions
Despite our significant leverage
 we may be able to incur significant additional amounts of debt
Our term loan and revolving line of credit bear interest at variable interest rates that use the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate (&#8220;LIBOR&#8221;) as a benchmark rate. On July 27
 2017
 the United Kingdom&#8217;s Financial Conduct Authority (&#8220;FCA&#8221;)
 which regulates LIBOR
 announced that it intends to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit LIBOR quotations after 2021 (the &#8220;FCA Announcement&#8221;). The FCA Announcement indicates that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will not be assured after 2021
 and LIBOR may cease to exist or otherwise be unsuitable for use as a benchmark. Recent proposals for LIBOR reforms may result in the establishment of new methods of calculating LIBOR or the establishment of one or more alternative benchmark rates. Although our credit agreement provides for successor base rates
 the successor base rates may be related to LIBOR
 and the consequences of any potential cessation
 modification or other reform of LIBOR cannot be predicted at this time. We work to reduce our exposure to LIBOR through swap contracts which effectively fix a portion of our variable-rate interest payments. If LIBOR ceases to exist
 we may need to amend our credit agreement and swap contracts. As a result
 our interest expense may increase
We may require additional financing to fund our operations or growth. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on our continued development or growth. None of our officers
Class B units in Hostess Holdings may be exchanged (together with the cancellation of shares of our Class B common stock) by the holders thereof for
 at the Company&#8217;s election
 shares of Class&#160;A common stock
 on a one-for-one basis (subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments)
 or the cash equivalent of such shares. The exchanges may result in increases to our share of the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of our operating subsidiaries that otherwise would not have been available
 although the United States Internal Revenue Service may challenge all or part of that tax basis increase
 and a court could sustain such a challenge by the United States Internal Revenue Service. These increases in tax basis
 if sustained
We are party to a Tax Receivable Agreement that provides for the payment by us of approximately 85% of the net cash savings
 if any
 in United States federal
In January 2018
 we entered into an agreement to terminate all future payment obligations to one of the counterparties in exchange for a payment of $34.0 million. Subsequent to the agreement
If our dividend policy is materially different than the distribution policy of Hostess Holdings
 upon the exchange of any Class B units
We and the Metropoulos Entities are limited partners of Hostess Holdings.&#160;To the extent Hostess Holdings distributes to its limited partners a greater share of income received from our operating subsidiaries than we distribute to our stockholders
 then any of the Metropoulos Entities who participate in such distribution by Hostess Holdings and subsequently exercise their rights to exchange limited partnership units in Hostess Holdings for Class&#160;A common stock may receive a disproportionate interest in the aggregate distributions by our operating subsidiaries that have not been distributed by us.&#160;The reason is that such Metropoulos Entity could receive both (i)&#160;the benefit of a distribution by Hostess Holdings to its limited partners
 including such Metropoulos Entity
 and (ii)&#160;the benefit of a distribution by the Company to the holders of Class A common stock
 including such Metropoulos Entity.&#160;Consequently
 if our dividend policy does not match the distribution policy of Hostess Holdings
Our only significant asset is our ownership interest in our operating subsidiaries and such ownership may not be sufficient to pay dividends or make distributions or loans to enable us to pay any dividends on our common stock or satisfy our other financial obligations
We have no direct operations and no significant assets other than our ownership interest in our operating subsidiaries.&#160;We depend on our operating subsidiaries for distributions
 loans and other payments to generate the funds necessary to meet our financial obligations
 including our expenses as a publicly traded company
 to pay any dividends with respect to our common stock
 and to satisfy our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement.&#160;The financial condition and operating requirements of our operating subsidiaries may limit our ability to obtain cash from our operating subsidiaries.&#160;The earnings from
 or other available assets of
 our operating subsidiaries may not be sufficient to pay dividends or make distributions or loans to enable us to pay any dividends on our common stock or satisfy our other financial obligations
The ability of our operating subsidiaries (other than subsidiaries which have been designated as unrestricted pursuant to our ability to do so in certain limited circumstances) to make distributions
 loans and other payments to us for the purposes described above and for any other purpose are governed by the terms of our credit facilities and will be subject to the negative covenants set forth therein.&#160;Any loans or other extensions of credit will be subject to the investment covenants contained therein
 which provide for several exceptions including
 among others (i) a general investment basket equal to the greater of a fixed dollar amount and a percentage of EBITDA and (ii) an unlimited investment basket based on satisfying a total net leverage ratio on a pro forma basis.&#160;Similarly
 any dividends
 distributions or similar payments will be subject to the dividends and distributions covenant under such credit facilities
 which also provide for several exceptions including
 among others (i) for payment of overhead and certain fees and expenses of parent companies
 (ii) for tax distributions
 subject to certain limitations
There may be a large number of shares of Class A common stock sold in the market in the near future. These sales
 or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares
February&#160;21
 2020
 the Metropoulos Entities held approximately 6% of our common stock
123
186
 shares of Class A common stock outstanding as of February&#160;21
 also remaining registered shares of Class A common stock that we may issue under the Hostess Brands
 Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan
 which shares may be freely sold in the public market upon issuance
In addition
 as of December&#160;31
 2019
 there were 48
453
154 public warrants and 8
046
636 private warrants outstanding. Each warrant entitles its holder to purchase one half of one share of our Class A common stock at an exercise price of $5.75 per half share
A market for our securities may not continue
The price of our securities may fluctuate significantly due to general market and economic conditions. An active trading market for our securities may not be sustained. In addition
 the price of our securities can vary due to general economic conditions and forecasts
 our general business condition and the release of our financial reports. Additionally
 if our securities become delisted from NASDAQ for any reason
 and are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board
 an inter-dealer automated quotation system for equity securities that is not a national securities exchange
If securities or industry analysts cease publishing research or reports about us
 our business
 or our market
 or if they change their recommendations regarding our Class A common stock adversely
The trading market for our Class A common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about us
 our business
 our market
 or our competitors.&#160;Securities and industry analysts may cease to publish research on us.&#160;If any of the analysts who may cover us change their recommendation regarding our stock adversely
 or provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors
 the price of our Class A common stock would likely decline.&#160;If any analyst who may cover us were to cease coverage of us or fail to regularly publish reports on it
 we could lose visibility in the financial markets
If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls
We are required to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act
 which requires
 among other things
 that companies maintain disclosure controls and procedures to ensure timely disclosure of material information
 and that management review the effectiveness of those controls on a quarterly basis. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and to help prevent fraud
 and our management and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance requirements. Moreover
 these rules&#160;and regulations increased our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly. We cannot be certain that we will be able to maintain adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future or that we will be able to comply with our obligations under Section&#160;404 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act. Section&#160;404 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act also requires us to evaluate annually the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting as of the end of each fiscal year and to include a management report assessing the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in our Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls
 we cannot assure you that we will be able to conclude in the future that we have effective internal control over financial reporting and/or we may encounter difficulties in implementing or improving our internal controls
 which could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. If we fail to maintain effective internal controls
 we might be subject to sanctions or investigation by regulatory authorities
Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly and could fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors due to seasonality and other factors
 some of which are beyond our control
Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly because of seasonality and several other factors
profitability of our products
macroeconomic conditions
actions by our competitors (e.g.
Fluctuations in our operating results due to the foregoing or other factors could cause our results to fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors
Anti-takeover provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws
 as well as provisions of Delaware law
Our certificate of incorporation contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law
 which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together
no cumulative voting in the election of directors
the right of our board to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of our board or the resignation
 death or removal of a director in certain circumstances
a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent
a prohibition on stockholders calling a special meeting and the requirement that a meeting of stockholders may only be called by members of our board
 which may delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action
advance notice procedures that stockholders must comply with in order to nominate candidates to our board or to propose matters to be acted upon at a meeting of stockholders
As of December&#160;31
 2019
 we operated the following facilities
 supporting our Sweet Baked Goods reporting segment's operations
Emporia
278
Columbus
313
Indianapolis
195
Chicago
137
Chicago
64
Chicago
Shorewood
507
Carthage
Hobart
Edgerton
765
Emporia
24
Chicago
9
Lenexa
50
The Columbus
We are involved in lawsuits
 claims and proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. These matters may involve personnel and employment issues
 personal injury
 contract and other proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Although we do not expect the outcome of these proceedings to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations
 litigation is inherently unpredictable. Therefore
The information required to be furnished by us under this Part I
ed in Note 15. Commitments and Contingencies to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II
Item 5. Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
Our Class A common stock and warrants are currently quoted on NASDAQ under the symbols &#8220;TWNK&#8221; and &#8220;TWNKW
As of February&#160;21
 2020
Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options
Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options
 Warrants
2
699
3
490
2
699
3
490
Consists of shares subject to outstanding stock options
 restricted stock units and performance restricted stock units under the Hostess Brands
 Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the &#8220;2016 Plan&#8221;)
1
717

For additional information
The Metropoulos Entities may exchange the Class B units in Hostess Holdings
 together with shares of Class B common stock for shares of our Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis. Other than any shares of Class A common stock issued in such exchanges
The Company did not have any repurchases of common stock for the year ended December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2019
e 48
453
154 public warrants and 8
046
636 private warrants outstanding. Each warrant entitles its holder to purchase one half of one share of our Class A common stock at an exercise price of $5.75 per half share
 to be exercised only for a whole number of shares of our Class A common stock. The warrants became exercisable on December 4
 2016 and expire five years after that date or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company may redeem the outstanding public warrants at a price $0.01 per warrant
 if the last sale price of the Company&#8217;s common stock equals or exceeds $24.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period ending on the third business day before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. The private placement warrants
 however
 are nonredeemable so long as they are held by Gores Sponsor
 LLC or its permitted transferees. The private warrants were registered with the SEC for future potential sales to the public. When sold to the public
The following graph and related information shall not be deemed &#8220;soliciting material&#8221; or be deemed to be &#8220;filed&#8221; with the Commission
 nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing
 except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing. The following stock performance graph compares
 for the period November 30
 2015 (the first day our common stock was traded following our initial public offering) through December 31
 2019 (the last trading day of our fiscal year)
 the cumulative total stockholder return for (1) the Company&#8217;s common stock
 (2) the Standard &amp; Poor&#8217;s 500 and (3) the Standard &amp; Poor&#8217;s 1500 Packaged Foods and Meats Index. The graph assumes the value of the investment in our common stock and each index was $100.00 on November 30
As a result of the Hostess Business Combination on November 4
 2016
 Hostess Brands
 Inc. is the acquirer for accounting purposes and Hostess Holdings is the acquiree and accounting predecessor. Our financial statement presentation includes the financial statements of Hostess Holdings as &#8220;Predecessor&#8221; for periods prior to the Closing Date and
 for periods after the Closing Date
 includes Hostess Brands
 Inc.
 including the consolidation of Hostess Holdings as &#8220;Successor&#8221;. Our selected financial data below under the headings &#8220;2019 (Successor)&#8221;
 &#8220;2018 (Successor)&#8221;
 &#8220;2017 (Successor)&#8221; and &#8220;2015 (Predecessor)&#8221; are as of December 31 or for the year then ended
 as applicable. The selected financial data presented under the heading &#8220;2016 (Successor)&#8221; are as of December 31
 2016 or for the period November 4
 2016 to December 31
 2016
 as applicable
 and the &#8220;2016 (Predecessor)&#8221; data are for the period January 1
 2016 to November 3
907
850
776
111
615
620
299
267
326
38
266
262
77
81
258
(8
60
88
3
097
3
010
2
966
2
847
613
987
988
999
1
004
1
202
35
53
36
7
31
27
During the year ended December 31
 2019
 we divested our In-Store Bakery business. Also during the year
During the year ended December 31
 2018
 we entered into an agreement to buyout a counterparty&#8217;s rights to all current and future tax savings under the tax receivable agreement entered into in connection with the Hostess Business Combination (the &#8220;Tax Receivable Agreement&#8221;) in exchange for a $34.0 million cash payment
During the year ended December 31
 2017
2016 Predecessor and Successor financial results reflect certain transactions related to the Hostess Business Combination
Earnings per basic and diluted share is not presented for the Predecessor
Adjusted gross profit
 adjusted net income
 adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS collectively referred to as &#8220;Non-GAAP Financial Measures
&#8221; are commonly used in the Company's industry and should not be construed as an alternative to gross profit
 net income or earnings per share as indicators of operating performance (as determined in accordance with GAAP). These Non-GAAP Financial Measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. The Company has included these Non-GAAP Financial Measures because it believes the measures provide management and investors with additional information to measure the Company's performance
Non-GAAP Financial Measures are adjusted to exclude certain items that affect comparability. The adjustments are itemized in the tables below. You are encouraged to evaluate these adjustments and the reason the Company considers them appropriate for supplemental analysis. In evaluating adjustments
The Company defines adjusted EBITDA as net income adjusted to exclude (i) interest expense
 net
 (ii) depreciation and amortization
 (iii) income taxes and (iv) share-based compensation
 as further adjusted to eliminate the impact of certain items that the Company does not consider indicative of its ongoing operating performance. Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool
 and you should not consider it in isolation
 or as a substitute for analysis of the Company's results as reported under GAAP. For example
does not reflect the Company's capital expenditures
does not reflect changes in
 or cash requirements for
does not reflect the significant interest expense
 or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments
does not reflect payments related to income taxes
299
267
326
38
266
262
Acquisition
1
10
8
9
1
2
2
310
279
326
47
268
264
77
81
258
(8
60
88
16
12
(67
(7
Interest expense
39
39
39
6
60
50
43
41
38
5
10
9
9
5
7
26
3
1
(14
(50
Impairment of property and equipment
1
4
1
7
2
1
3
4
3
(7
Acquisition
5
10
8
31
12
2
2
25
2
4
1
1
1
(8
204
186
230
31
183
177
i. For the years ended December 31
 2019
 2018
 2017
(In thousands
77
81
258
(8
(14
(50
26
(4
(5
(108
Impairment of property and equipment
1
4
1
1
3
(7
Acquisition
5
10
8
12
2
2
1
(3
(2
(10
86
78
101
15
(14
(18
(34
4
(2
(4
(1
(9
70
55
66
10
114
699
103
098
105
307
97
791
Excludes the Predecessor Period from January 1
 2016 through November 4
The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed below. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include
 but are not limited to
We are a leading packaged food company focused on developing
 manufacturing
 marketing
 selling and distributing baked goods in North America
 providing a wide range of snack cakes
 donuts
 sweet rolls
 breakfast pastries
 snack pies and related products. As of December&#160;31
 2019
 we operate four baking facilities and utilize distribution centers and third-party warehouses to distribute our products. Our DTW product distribution system allows us to deliver to our customers&#8217; warehouses. Our customers in turn distribute to their retail stores and/or distributors. In January 2020
 we acquired Voortman which produces a variety of cookies and wafers products
We have two reportable segments: &#8220;Sweet Baked Goods&#8221; and &#8220;In-Store Bakery&#8221;. Sweet Baked Goods consists of fresh and frozen sweet baked goods and bread products sold under the Hostess&#174;
 Dolly Madison&#174;
 Cloverhill&#174;
brands along with private label products. In-Store Bakery consisted primarily of Superior on Main&#174; branded eclairs
 madeleines
 brownies
Hostess&#174; is the second leading brand by market share within the SBG category
 according to Nielsen U.S. total universe. For the 52-week period ended December&#160;28
 2019 our branded SBG products (which include Hostess&#174;
 Dolly Madison&#174;
 Cloverhill&#174;
We generate revenue primarily through selling sweet baked goods and other products under the Hostess&#174; group of brands
 which includes iconic products such as CupCakes
 Twinkies&#174;
 Donettes&#174;
 Ding Dongs&#174;
 and Zingers&#174; in addition to Danishes
 Honey Buns and Coffee Cakes. We also sell products under the Dolly Madison&#174;
and Big Texas&#174; brands along with private label products. Our product assortment is sold to customers&#8217; warehouses and distribution centers by the case or in display ready corrugate units. Retailers display and sell our products to the end consumer in single-serve
 multi-pack or club-pack formats. We sell our products primarily to supermarket chains
 national mass merchandisers and convenience and drug stores
 along with a smaller portion of our product sales going to dollar stores
 vending
 club
Our revenues are driven by average net price and total volume of products sold. Factors that impact unit pricing and sales volume include product mix
 the cost of ingredients
 the promotional activities implemented by the Company and its competitors
 industry capacity
 new product initiatives and quality and consumer preferences. We do not keep a significant backlog of finished goods inventory
Cost of goods sold consists of ingredients
 packaging
 labor
 energy
 other production costs
 warehousing and transportation costs including in-bound freight
 inter-plant transportation and distribution of our products to customers. The cost of ingredients and packaging represent the majority of our total costs of goods sold. All costs that are incurred at the bakeries
 including the depreciation of bakery facilities and equipment
Our cost of ingredients consists principally of flour
 sweeteners
 edible oils and cocoa
 which are subject to substantial price fluctuations
 as is the cost of paper
 corrugate
 films and plastics used to package our products. The prices for raw materials are influenced by a number of factors
 including the weather
 crop production
 transportation and processing costs
 government regulation and policies and worldwide market supply and demand. We also rely on fuel products
 such as natural gas
 diesel
 propane and electricity
 to operate our bakeries and produce our products. Fluctuations in the prices of the raw materials or fuel products used in the production
 packaging or transportation of our products affect the cost of products sold and our product pricing strategy. We utilize forward buying strategies through short-term and long-term advance purchase contracts to lock in prices for certain high-volume raw materials
 packaged components and certain fuel inputs. Through these initiatives
Our advertising and marketing expenses relate to our advertising campaigns
 which include social media
 print
 online advertising
 local promotional events
 monthly agency fees and payroll costs. We also invest in wire racks and corrugate displays delivered to customers to display our products off shelf
Selling expenses primarily include sales management
 employment
 travel
 and related expenses
 as well as broker fees. We utilize brokers for sales support
General and administrative expenses primarily include employee and related expenses for the accounting
 planning
 customer service
 legal
 human resources
 corporate operations
 research and development
 purchasing
 logistics and executive functions. Also included are professional service fees related to audit and tax
 legal
 outsourced information technology functions
 transportation planning
 and corporate site and insurance costs
Mr. Metropoulos and the Metropoulos Entities hold their equity investment in us primarily through Class B limited partnership units in the Company&#8217;s subsidiary
 Hostess Holdings (&#8220;Class B Units&#8221;)
 and an equal number of shares of the Company&#8217;s Class B common stock (&#8220;Class B Stock&#8221;). Our Class B Stock has voting
 but no economic rights
 while Hostess Holdings&#8217; Class B Units have economic
 but no voting rights. Each Class B Unit
 together with a share of Class B Stock held by the Metropoulos Entities
 is exchangeable for a share of the Company&#8217;s Class A common stock (or at the option of the Company
 the cash equivalent thereof). The Company holds 100% of the general partnership interest in Hostess Holdings and a majority of the limited partnership interests and consolidates Hostess Holdings in the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements. The interest of the Metropoulos Entities in Hostess Holdings&#8217; Class B Units is reflected in our consolidated financial statements as a non-controlling interest. Class B Stock ownership in the Company decreased from approximately 23% at December 31
 2018 to approximately 6% at December 31
On August 30
 2019
 the Company sold the In-Store Bakery operations
 including relevant trademarks and licensing agreements
On February 1
 2018
 we acquired certain U.S. breakfast assets from Aryzta
 LLC
 which included a bakery
 inventory
 and the Big Texas&#174; and Cloverhill&#174; brand names (collectively referred to as the &#8220;Cloverhill Business&#8221;). We acquired these assets to expand our product portfolio and to gain previously outsourced manufacturing capabilities for our existing product portfolio. Our consolidated statements of operations includes the operation of these assets from February 1
 2018 through December 31
On January 26
 2018
 we entered into a transaction to terminate all future payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement payable to the Apollo Funds in exchange for a cash payment of $34.0 million
 which was recognized as a financing outflow on the consolidated statements of cash flow. This transaction did not affect the portion of the rights under the Tax Receivable Agreement payable to the Metropoulos Entities. We recognized a $12.4 million gain in the non-operating section of our consolidated statements of operations
During the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (&#8220;Tax Reform&#8221;) was signed into law.&#160;Tax Reform significantly changed U.S. tax law by lowering the corporate income tax rate permanently from a maximum of&#160;35%&#160;to a flat&#160;21%&#160;rate
 effective January 1
In thousands
December 31
December 31
December 31
907
850
776
299
267
326
163
145
92
136
121
233
41
27
43
16
12
(67
77
81
258
63
62
223
204
186
230
Results for the Year Ended December&#160;31
 2019 Compared to Results for the Year Ended December&#160;31
Net revenue for the year ended December&#160;31
 2019 increased $57.3 million
 or 6.7%
 compared to the year ended December&#160;31
 2018. Excluding the impact of the In-Store Bakery disposition in 2019
 net revenue increased $72.0 million
 or 8.6%. The increase in net revenue was attributed to volume growth in our core products across multiple customer channels
 the introduction of our breakfast innovation products
 including Danishes and Cinnamon Rolls
Gross profit was 33.0% of net revenue for the year ended December&#160;31
 2019
 an increase of 160 basis points from a gross margin of 31.4% for the year ended December&#160;31
 2018. Gross profit in 2019 benefited from pricing actions
 higher sales volume and bakery savings initiatives executed across all bakeries
Operating costs and expenses for the year ended December&#160;31
 2019 increased by 12.4% from the year ended December&#160;31
 2018. During 2019
 we recognized a $7.1 million gain on the valuation of a foreign currency contract originated to hedge the January 2020 purchase of Voortman in Canadian dollars. During 2018
 we recognized a $3.3 million impairment charge related to our In-Store Bakery assets
 which were sold in August 2019. Excluding these costs
 operating costs and expenses increased due to additional expense related to incentive and stock compensation
 additional payroll to execute strategic corporate initiatives
 transaction costs related the sale of In-Store Bakery and the acquisition of Voortman
Operating income for the year ended December&#160;31
 2019 was $136.1 million compared to $121.6 million for the year ended December&#160;31
 2018. The increase in operating income was attributed to higher sales volume
 the impact of pricing actions and bakery operating efficiencies as well as the gain on the foreign currency contract. These increases to operating income were partially offset by higher incentive and stock compensation
For the years ended December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 interest expense related to our term loan was $43.3 million and $41.3 million
 respectively. Also
 during the year ended December&#160;31
 2019
 we recognized a loss of $0.5&#160;million related to the refinancing of our term loan. During the year ended December&#160;31
 2018
Our effective tax rate was 17.9% for the year ended December&#160;31
 2019 compared to 13.7% for the year ended December&#160;31
 2018. The increase in the effective tax rate was primarily due to the Class B for Class A share exchanges during 2019. Subsequent to these exchanges
 more income from Hostess Holdings
 L.P was allocated to Hostess Brands
 Inc. The effective tax rate for the year ended December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2019
December&#160;31
 The decrease in net income was primarily attributed to the buyout of the tax receivable agreement in 2018
December&#160;31
 2019
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2019
 compared to $0.54 for the year ended December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2019
December&#160;31
was attributed to higher sales volume
 the impact of pricing actions and bakery operating efficiencies
We have two reportable segments: Sweet Baked Goods and In-Store Bakery. Our Sweet Baked Goods segment consists of fresh and frozen baked goods and bread products that are sold under the Hostess&#174;
 Dolly Madison&#174;
 Cloverhill&#174; and Big Texas&#174; brands. The In-Store Bakery segment consists of Superior on Main&#174; branded and store-branded products sold through the in-store bakery section of grocery and club stores. The operations included within the In-Store Bakery segment were sold on August 30
December 31
December 31
December 31
878
808
733
28
42
42
907
850
776
293
258
316
6
8
9
299
267
326
35
53
35
35
53
36
For all periods presented
Sweet Baked Goods net revenue for the year ended December&#160;31
 2019 increased&#160;$70.6 million
 or&#160;8.7%
 from the year ended December&#160;31
 2018. The increase in net revenue was attributed to sales growth in our core products across multiple customer channels
 the introduction of our breakfast innovation products
 including Danishes and Cinnamon Rolls
Sweet Baked Goods gross profit for the year ended December&#160;31
 2019 was&#160;33.4%&#160;of net revenue
 compared to&#160;32.0%&#160;of net revenue
 for the year ended December&#160;31
 2018. Gross profit in 2019 benefited from pricing actions
 higher sales volume and bakery savings initiatives executed across all bakeries
In-Store Bakery net revenue for the year ended December&#160;31
 2019 decreased&#160;31.7%&#160;from the year ended ended December&#160;31
 2018 as a result of the sale of the In-Store Bakery operations in August of 2019. In-Store Bakery gross profit for the year ended December&#160;31
 2019 was&#160;21.6% of net revenue compared to&#160;19.7%&#160;for the year ended December&#160;31
Our primary sources of liquidity are from the cash and cash equivalents on the balance sheet
 future cash flow generated from operations
 and availability under our revolving credit agreement (&#8220;Revolver&#8221;). We believe that cash flows from operations and the current cash and cash equivalents on the balance sheet will be sufficient to satisfy the anticipated cash requirements associated with our existing operations for at least the next 12 months. Our ability to generate sufficient cash from our operating activities depends on our future performance
 which is subject to general economic
 political
 financial
 competitive and other factors beyond our control. In addition
 our future capital expenditures and other cash requirements could be higher than we currently expect as a result of various factors
 including any expansion of our business that we undertake
We had working capital
 excluding cash
 as of December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018 of $8.1 million and $12.0 million
 respectively. We have the ability to borrow under our Revolver to meet obligations as they come due. As of December&#160;31
 2019
 available for borrowing
 net of letters of credit
Cash flows provided by operating activities for the years ended December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018 were $144.0 million and $143.7 million
Cash flows provided by investing activities for the year ended December&#160;31
 2019 were $22.9 million while cash flows used in investing activities for the year ended December&#160;31
 2018 was $70.9 million. During 2019
 we received proceeds of $63.3 million from the sale of our In-Store Bakery business
Cash flows used in financing activities were $28.1 million and $62.0 million for the years ended December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively. During the year ended December 31
 2019
 financing cash usage primarily included principal payments on our term loan as well as costs incurred to refinance and extend the maturity of the term loan. During the year ended December&#160;31
 2018 we bought out a portion of the Tax Receivable Agreement for $34.0 million
As of December&#160;31
 2019
 aggregate principal amount of letters of credit
 reducing the amount available under the Revolver
 were outstanding. See Note 15. Commitments and Contingencies to the consolidated financial statements in Part II
 Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information regarding the letters of credit. We had no outstanding borrowings under our Revolver as of December&#160;31
 2019. As of December&#160;31
 2019
 we were in compliance with all covenants under our term loan and the Revolver. The Revolver contains certain restrictive financial covenants. Based on our current and projected financial performance
In January 2020
 we entered into $140.0 million of incremental term loans through an amendment to our existing credit agreement. The proceeds
 together with cash on hand
As of December&#160;31
 2019
 the Company has commitments and contingencies for tax receivable arrangements
 debt
 operating leases
 to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II
Contractual Commitments as of December&#160;31
320
320
138
12
14
15
95
973
9
19
19
925
214
39
78
77
19
18
3
4
9
1
76
75
1
49
49
1
791
509
118
122
1
040
(1) Represents the US dollar funding needed to settle our outstanding Canadian dollar foreign currency purchase contract
The Tax Receivable Agreement generally provides for the payment by the Company to the legacy Hostess Equity Holders of 85% of the net cash savings
 if any
 in U.S. federal
 state and local income tax that the Company actually realizes (or is deemed to realize in certain circumstances) in periods after the closing of the 2016 Hostess Business Combination (which periods may extend
 unless the Tax Receivable Agreement is terminated early in accordance with its terms
 for more than 15 years following any exchange of Class B units of Hostess Holdings for shares of the Company&#8217;s Class A common stock or the cash equivalent thereof) as a result of (i) certain increases in tax basis resulting from the 2016 Hostess Business Combination; (ii) certain tax attributes of Hostess Holdings
 LP and its subsidiaries existing prior to the Hostess Business Combination and prior to subsequent exchanges of Class B Units; (iii) certain increases in tax basis resulting from exchanges of Class B Units; (iv) imputed interest deemed to be paid by the Company as a result of payments it makes under the Tax Receivable Agreement; and (v) certain increases in tax basis resulting from payments the Company makes under the Tax Receivable Agreement. The Company retained the benefit of the remaining 15% of these cash savings. Certain payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be made to the Metropoulos Entities in accordance with specified percentages
In January 2018
 we entered into an agreement to terminating all future payment obligations to one of the counterparties in exchange for a payment of $34.0 million. Subsequent to the agreement
The preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States requires the use of judgment
 estimates and assumptions. We make such subjective determinations after careful consideration of our historical performance
 management&#8217;s experience
Our significant accounting policies are detailed in Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements within Item 8. The following areas are the most important and require the most difficult
We offer various sales incentive programs to customers and consumers
 such as feature price discounts
tore display incentives
 cooperative advertising programs and new product introduction fees. The mix between promotional programs
 which are classified as reductions in revenue in the statements of operations
 and advertising or other marketing activities
 which are classified as marketing and selling expenses in the statements of operations
 fluctuates between periods based on our overall marketing plans
 and such fluctuations have an impact on revenues. These trade programs also require management to make estimates about the expected total cost of the programs and related allocations amongst participants (who might have different levels of incentives based on various program requirements). These estimates are inherently uncertain and are generally based on historical experience
When evaluating goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment under U.S. GAAP
 we may first perform an assessment of qualitative factors to determine if the fair value of the reporting unit or the intangible asset is more-likely-than-not greater than the carrying amount. Such qualitative factors include
 but are not limited to
 macro-economic conditions
 market and industry conditions
 cost considerations
 competitive environment
 share price fluctuations
 overall financial performance and results of past impairment tests. Based on a review of the qualitative factors
 if we determine it is not more-likely-than-not that the fair value is less than the carrying value
 we may bypass the quantitative impairment test. We also may elect not to perform the qualitative assessment for some or all reporting units and perform a quantitative impairment test. For our 2019 annual impairment testing
 we elected to perform a qualitative assessment for our reporting units. No indicators of impairment were noted. For our 2018 annual impairment testing
 we elected to perform a quantitative assessment for our reporting units. This test estimated the fair value of each of the reporting units and compared it to the carrying value. To the extent the fair value was in excess of the carrying value
 no impairment existed. Otherwise
 an impairment loss was recognized for the amount that the carrying value of a reporting unit
 including goodwill
In performing the quantitative test of goodwill
Significant assumptions used to determine fair value under the discounted cash flow method included future trends in sales
 operating expenses
 capital expenditures and changes in working capital. When forecasting these future trends
 we utilized historical financial performance
 expected terminal growth rates
 known industry-specific trends as well internal forecasts and planned initiatives including expected innovation which would impact financial performance. In addition to projected financial information
 we also developed an appropriate discount rate for each reporting unit reflecting the reporting unit&#8217;s estimated cost of equity capital and after-tax cost of debt
 which we estimated by considering the reporting unit&#8217;s current borrowing rate
Significant assumptions used to determine the fair value under the market comparable and market transaction methods utilized for the market approach included the identification of publicly-traded companies and transactions involving a purchase or sale. When identifying such companies or transactions
 we considered size
 industry
During the year ended December&#160;31
 2019
 we recognized an additional impairment charge to the In-Store Bakery reporting unit goodwill of $1.0 million reflecting a change in certain market assumptions (level 1 inputs). Based on the results of the 2018 impairment testing
 the fair value of the Sweet Baked Goods reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by 3.1%. The fair value of the In-Store Bakery reporting unit was less than its carrying value and we recognized an impairment charge of $2.7 million to goodwill during the year ended December&#160;31
Our indefinite-lived intangible assets consist of trademarks and trade names. The $1
408.6 million and $1
409.9 million balances at December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively
 were recognized as part of the Hostess Business Combination and the acquisition of the Cloverhill Business. The trademarks and trade names are integral to the Company&#8217;s identity and are expected to contribute indefinitely to our corporate cash flows. Fair value for trademarks and tradenames was determined using the income approach. The application of the income approach was premised on a royalty savings method
 whereby the trademark and tradenames are valued by reference to the amount of royalty income they could generate if they were licensed
 in an arm&#8217;s-length transaction
 to a third party. These assets have been assigned an indefinite life and therefore are not amortized but rather evaluated for impairment annually using the qualitative or quantitative methods similar to goodwill. During 2019
 we performed a qualitative test. No indicators of impairment were noted. During 2018
 we performed a quantitative assessment. For this assessment
 the valuation of trademarks and trade names are determined using the relief from royalty method. Significant assumptions used in this method include future trends in sales
 a royalty rate and a discount rate to be applied to the forecast revenue stream. As a result of the 2018 quantitative tests
 we recognized impairment charges of $0.6 million to the In-Store Bakery intangibles assets during the year ended December&#160;31
Changes in certain significant assumptions could have a significant impact on the estimated fair value
 and therefore
 a future impairment or additional impairments could result for a portion of goodwill
We account for business acquisitions using the purchase method of accounting. Assets acquired
 liabilities assumed
 and non-controlling interests are recorded at their estimated fair values at the acquisition date. The excess of purchase price over fair value of the net assets acquired
 including the amount assigned to identifiable intangible assets
 is recorded as goodwill. Given the time it takes to obtain pertinent information to finalize the acquired company&#8217;s balance sheet
before we are able to finalize those initial fair value estimates. Accordingly
We recognize a liability on the consolidated balance sheet based on the undiscounted estimated future payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. The most significant estimates utilized by management to calculate the corresponding liability is the Company&#8217;s increase in tax basis related to exchanges
 future cash tax savings rates
 which are projected based on current tax laws and the Company&#8217;s historical and future tax profile
Refer to Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II
We are exposed to market risks related to interest rates
Our term loan and Revolver each bear interest on outstanding borrowings thereunder at variable interest rates. The rate in effect at December&#160;31
 2019 for the outstanding term loan was a LIBOR-based rate of 4.14% per annum. At December&#160;31
 2019
 we had an aggregate principal balance of $973.9 million outstanding under the term loan and $95.8 million available for borrowing
 net of letters of credit of $4.2 million
To manage the risk related to our variable rate debt
 we have entered into an interest rate swap contract with a counter party to make a series of payments based on a fixed interest rate of 1.78% and receive a series of payments based on the greater of LIBOR or 0.75%. Both the fixed and floating payment streams are based on a notional amount of $500 million at the inception of the contract and are reduced by $100 million each year of the five year contract. At December&#160;31
 2019
The change in interest expense and earnings before income taxes resulting from a change in market interest rates would be dependent upon the weighted average outstanding borrowings and the portion of those borrowings that are hedged by our swap contract during the reporting period following an increase in market interest rates. An increase in applicable interest rates of 1% for the year ended December&#160;31
 2019 would result in an increase in interest expense of approximately $9.8 million
In the ordinary course of business
 we are exposed to commodity price risks relating to the purchases of raw materials and other manufacturing inputs. We regularly use vendor purchase commitments to lock-in pricing to manage certain of these exposures. For the year ended December 31
 2019
 a hypothetical 1% adverse change in the market price of our principal commodities
 including sugars
 oils and corrugate
 would increase our costs of goods sold by approximately $3.0 million
In November 2019
 we entered into a contract to purchase Voortman for $425.0 million Canadian dollars (&#8220;CAD&#8221;). The transaction closed in January 2020. To reduce our exposure
 we entered into a contract to purchase CADs at a defined exchange rate sufficient to cover the purchase price and expected short-term cash outflows related to the conversion and integration of Voortman's operations. At December 31
 2019
 a hypothetical 1% adverse change in the US dollar (&#8220;USD&#8221;) to CAD exchange rate would increase the USD cash outflow to purchase Voortman by approximately $3.3 million. Our CAD purchase contract eliminates this exposure. Subsequent to close we will continue to be exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates related to the operation of Voortman's Canadian production facility
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December&#160;31
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&#8217; Equity for the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
Hostess Brands
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Hostess Brands
 Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 the related consolidated statements of operations
 comprehensive income
 stockholders&#8217; equity
 and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31
 2019
 and the related notes (collectively
 the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2019
In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31
 2019
 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion
 the Company maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
The Company&#8217;s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements
 for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting
 and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud
Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging
 subjective
 or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements
 taken as a whole
 and we are not
 by communicating the critical audit matters below
      As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements
 the Company has recorded a liability for customer trade allowances
 consisting primarily of pricing allowances and merchandising programs associated with sales to customers. The estimated liability for these programs is dependent on factors such as the ultimate purchase volume activity
 the mix of customers and retailers participating in the programs
 and redemption rates on retail incentives. The Company&#8217;s liability for customer trade allowances as of December 31
We have identified the evaluation of the customer trade allowance as a critical audit matter because of the degree of auditor judgment required to evaluate the Company&#8217;s estimates. This is due to uncertainty around the amount of settlements
 which typically occurs in a period subsequent to the related sales transaction
 and in particular
The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included the following. We tested certain internal controls over the determination and monitoring of this liability within the Company&#8217;s trade process at disaggregated levels
As discussed in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements
 the Company&#8217;s future expected payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement (TRA) related to Hostess Holdings
 LP Class B unit exchanges made through December 31
We identified the evaluation of the TRA liability as a critical audit matter. There was a higher degree of auditor judgment required to evaluate the liability primarily due to the increased complexity in determining the increase in tax basis resulting from the volume of Hostess Holdings
 LP Class B unit exchanges by Metropoulos Entities throughout 2019. In addition
The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included the following. We tested certain internal controls over the Company&#8217;s process to estimate the TRA liability
 including controls related to the calculation of tax basis related to the exchanges. Further
 we tested certain internal controls related to the allocation of the liability between short-term and long-term future expected payments. We
 with the assistance of tax professionals with specialized skills and knowledge
 evaluated the Company&#8217;s TRA liability calculation through inspection and assessment of internal documentation and consideration of publicly available information about the Company. The evaluation included the increase in tax basis and the classification of the TRA liability between short-term and long-term future expected payments. In addition
Kansas City
February 26
HOSTESS BRANDS
(Amounts in thousands
December 31
December 31
285
146
Accounts receivable
104
105
47
38
15
8
453
299
Property and equipment
242
220
Intangible assets
1
853
1
901
535
575
Other assets
12
14
3
097
3
010
11
11
12
4
68
65
45
42
21
18
159
141
975
976
126
64
256
277
1
517
1
460
Class A common stock
 par value
200
000
 shares authorized
122
108
100
046
 issued and outstanding at December 31
 2019 and 2018
Class B common stock
 par value
50
000
 shares authorized
8
409
30
255
 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2019 and 2018
1
152
925
2
334
271
1
485
1
199
94
350
Total liabilities
3
097
3
010
 HOSTESS BRANDS
(Amounts in thousands
December 31
December 31
December 31
907
850
776
607
583
449
299
267
326
39
35
33
30
30
32
69
52
52
23
24
23
1
1
50
7
5
5
1
163
145
92
136
121
233
Interest expense
39
39
39
12
1
3
41
27
43
94
94
190
16
12
67
77
81
258
14
18
34
63
62
223
110
540
99
957
99
109
114
699
103
098
105
307
HOSTESS BRANDS
December 31
December 31
 December 31
77
81
258
5
2
2
1
73
83
260
13
19
34
59
64
225
HOSTESS BRANDS
(Amounts in thousands
Balance&#8211;December 31
98
250
31
704
912
15
897
334
1
223
225
34
Share-based compensation

154
4
4
1
385
1
385
13
13
13
12
Tax receivable agreement arising from exchanges

10
10
Balance&#8211;December 31
99
791
30
319
920
1
208
1
130
342
1
62
64
19
Share-based compensation
190
5
5
64
64
1
1
1
9
1
1
Tax receivable agreement arising from exchanges
Balance&#8211;December 31
100
046
30
255
925
2
271
1
199
350
3
63
59
13
Share-based compensation

208
7
7
21
845
21
845
262
262
262
6
7
1
1
Tax receivable agreement arising from exchanges

42
42
Balance&#8211;December 31
122
108
8
409
1
152
334
1
485
94
HOSTESS BRANDS
December 31
December 31
December 31
77
81
258
43
41
38
Impairment of property
1
4
1
1
1
14
50
1
7
9
5
7
14
10
81
Change in operating assets and liabilities
2
3
11
12
3
3
3
14
14
4
4
1
3
143
143
163
34
44
32
Acquisition of business
23
Proceeds from sale of business
63
5
3
2
22
70
35
9
10
5
7
1
6
9
12
1
1
2
41
28
62
19
138
10
108
146
135
26
285
146
135
43
37
45
1
3
16
2
7
1
HOSTESS BRANDS
Hostess Brands
 Inc. is a Delaware corporation headquartered in Lenexa
 Kansas. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Hostess Brands
 Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries
 including Hostess Holdings
 L.P. (&#8220;Hostess Holdings&#8221;) (collectively
 the &#8220;Company&#8221;). The Company is a leading packaged food company primarily focused on developing
 manufacturing
 marketing
 selling and distributing baked goods in North America. The Hostess&#174; brand dates to 1919 when the Hostess&#174; CupCake was introduced to the public
 in 1930. In 2013
 the Legacy Hostess Equityholders (as defined below) acquired the Hostess&#174; brand and other assets out of the bankruptcy liquidation proceedings of its prior owners
 free and clear of all past liabilities. After a brief hiatus in production
 the Company began providing Hostess&#174; products to consumers and retailers across the nation in July 2013. Today
 the Company produces a variety of new and classic treats primarily under the Hostess&#174;
 Dolly Madison&#174;
 Cloverhill&#174;
 and Big Texas&#174; brands
 including Donettes&#174;
 Twinkies&#174;
 CupCakes
 Ding Dongs&#174;
 Zingers&#174;
 Danishes
 Honey Buns and Coffee Cakes. In January 2020
 the Company acquired Voortman Cookies
 Limited (&#8220;Voortman&#8221;)
The consolidated financial statements included herein have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (&#8220;U.S. GAAP&#8221;) and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (&#8220;SEC&#8221;). The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its majority-owned or controlled subsidiaries
The Company has determined that Hostess Holdings
 a limited partnership
 is a variable interest entity (&#8220;VIE&#8221;) and that the Company is the primary beneficiary of the VIE. The Company determined that
 due to its ownership of Hostess Holdings&#8217; general partnership units
 the Company has the power to direct all of the activities of Hostess Holdings
C. Dean Metropoulos and entities under his control (the &#8220;Metropoulos Entities&#8221;) hold their equity investment in the Company primarily through Class B limited partnership units in Hostess Holdings (&#8220;Class B Units&#8221;) and an equal number of shares of the Company&#8217;s Class B common stock (&#8220;Class B Stock&#8221;). The Company&#8217;s Class B Stock has voting
 but no economic rights
 while Hostess Holdings&#8217; Class B Units have economic
 but no voting rights. Each Class B Unit
 together with a share of Class B Stock held by the Metropoulos Entities
 is exchangeable for a share of the Company&#8217;s Class A common stock (or at the option of the Company
 reportable segments: Sweet Baked Goods and In-Store Bakery. The Company sold its In-Store Bakery operations on August 30
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its majority-owned or controlled subsidiaries (including those for which the Company is the primary beneficiary of a VIE)
On January 1
 2019
 the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) No. 2016-02
 Leases
 along with the related ASUs 2018-01
 2018-10 and 2018-11 (collectively
 &#8220;Topic 842&#8221;). Topic 842 requires a lessee to record on the balance sheet the assets and liabilities for the rights and obligations created by lease terms of more than 12 months. To adopt this standard
 the Company utilized a modified retrospective transition method. Under this approach
 the results for reporting periods beginning January 1
HOSTESS BRANDS
amounts are not adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance with the historic accounting standards. There was no cumulative effect of applying Topic 842 to the opening balance of retained earnings. The Company has elected to apply the practical expedients under Topic 842 which allow entities to not reassess the lease classification for expired or existing leases and to not reassess if expired or existing contracts contain leases under the Topic 842 definition. The Company has also elected to use hindsight when determining the lease term of existing leases. As a result of the adoption
 on January 1
 2019
&#160;million
On January 1
 2018
 the Company adopted ASU No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (&#8220;Topic 606&#8221;)
 using the modified retrospective transition method. Under this method
 results for reporting periods beginning January 1
 2018 are presented under Topic 606. Prior period amounts are not adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance with the historic accounting under Topic 605
 with the cumulative effect of applying Topic 606 to prior period amounts recognized as an adjustment to opening retained earnings. The Company has elected to apply the new standard to contracts that were not complete as of January 1
 2018. Under this transition method
 the Company deemed contracts to be not complete if
 as of the date of transition
On January 1
 2018
 the Company adopted ASU No. 2017-12
In March 2018
 the Company adopted ASU 2018-05
 Income Taxes: Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 (&#8220;Topic 740&#8221;)
 which updates the income tax accounting in U.S. GAAP to reflect the SEC&#8217;s interpretive guidance released on December 22
 2017
In September 2018
 the Company adopted ASU 2018-15
 Intangibles-Goodwill and Other Internal-Use Software: Customer&#8217;s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract (&#8220;Subtopic 350-40&#8221;)
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and for the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Management utilizes estimates
 including
 but not limited to
 valuation and useful lives of tangible and intangible assets
 inputs used to calculate the Tax Receivable Agreement liability including increases in tax basis related to exchanges
 future cash tax savings rate
The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less when purchased as cash equivalents and are recorded at cost. Under the Company&#8217;s cash management system
 checks that have been issued and are out of the control of the Company
 but which have not cleared the bank by the balance sheet date
HOSTESS BRANDS
 As of December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 million
 respectively
 which have been reduced by allowances for damages occurring during shipment
 million
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market on a first-in first-out basis. Abnormal amounts of idle facility expense
 freight
 handling costs
December 31
December 31
21
18
22
16
3
3
47
38
 years for machinery and equipment. In order to maximize the efficiency of the Company&#8217;s operations and to operate the acquired equipment
 occasionally the Company will remove and relocate equipment between bakeries. Such removal and relocation costs are expensed as incurred. Reinstallation costs are capitalized if the useful life is extended or the equipment is significantly improved. Otherwise
 reinstallation costs are expensed as incurred. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense when incurred. Expenditures for major renewals and betterments
 which extend the useful lives of existing property and equipment
 are capitalized and depreciated. Upon retirement or disposition of property and equipment
The Company assesses property
 plant and equipment for impairment when circumstances arise which could change its use or expected life. For the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 million
&#160;million
 respectively
Costs associated with computer software projects during the preliminary project stage are expensed as incurred. Once management authorizes and commits to funding a project
 million at December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 million for both years ended December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
&#160;million for the year ended December&#160;31
At December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 million
 respectively
HOSTESS BRANDS
and other former equity holders in a 2016 transaction over the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The resulting goodwill was allocated to the Sweet Baked Goods reporting unit and the In-Store Bakery reporting unit. No goodwill was recorded in connection with the acquisition of the Cloverhill Business during the year ended December 31
 2018 as the fair value of net assets approximated the consideration paid. During the year ended December 31
 2019
Goodwill by reporting unit is tested for impairment annually by either performing a qualitative evaluation or a quantitative test. The qualitative evaluation is an assessment of factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 including goodwill. The Company may elect not to perform the qualitative assessment for some or all reporting units and perform a quantitative impairment test. For the 2019 annual impairment test
For the 2018 annual impairment test
 the Company elected to perform a quantitative impairment test. For this test
 fair value was determined based on a combination of an income approach utilizing the discounted cash flow method and the market approach using the market comparable method. Significant assumptions used to determine fair value under the discounted cash flow method included future trends in sales
 operating expenses
 capital expenditures and changes in working capital
 along with an appropriate discount rate based on our estimated cost of equity capital
 after-tax cost of debt and future economic and market conditions. To the extent the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds fair value
1
1

 2019 and 2018
 respectively
 were recognized as part of the 2016 acquisition of Hostess Holdings and the 2018 acquisition of the Cloverhill Business. The trademarks and trade names are integral to the Company&#8217;s identity and are expected to contribute indefinitely to its corporate cash flows. Fair value for trademarks and tradenames was determined using the income approach
 which is considered to be Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. The application of the income approach was premised on a royalty savings method
 whereby the trademark and tradenames are valued by reference to the amount of royalty income they could generate if they were licensed
 in an arm&#8217;s-length transaction
 to a third party. These assets have been assigned an indefinite life and therefore are not amortized but rather evaluated for impairment annually using the qualitative or quantitative methods similar to goodwill. For the quantitative assessment
 the valuation of trademarks and trade names are determined using the relief of royalty method. significant assumptions used in this method include future trends in sales
During the years ended December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 million
 respectively
Also
 the Company has finite-lived intangible assets
 million balances on December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018 respectively
 that consist of customer relationships that were recognized as part of the Hostess Holdings and Cloverhill acquisitions. For customer relationships
 the application of the income approach (Level 3) was premised on an excess earnings method
 million for each participant per plan year. In addition
 million at December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively
 million at December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
HOSTESS BRANDS
Subsequent to its adoption of Topic 842 on January 1
 2019
 the Company recognizes a right of use asset and corresponding lease liability on the consolidated balance sheet for all lease transactions with terms of more than 12 months. Agreements are determined to contain a lease if they convey the use and control of an underlying physical asset. Based on the nature of the lease transaction
 leases are either classified as financing or operating. Under both classifications
 the right of use asset and liability are initially valued based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments using an effective borrowing rate at the inception of the lease. The Company determined the effective borrowing rate based on its expected incremental borrowing rate on collateralized debt. At December&#160;31
 2019
Under a financing lease
 interest expense related to the lease liability is recognized over the lease term using an effective interest rate method and right of use assets are amortized straight-line over the term of the lease. Under an operating lease
 minimum lease payments are expensed straight-line over the lease term. Lease liabilities are amortized using an effective interest rate method and right of use assets are reduced based on the excess of the sum of the straight-line lease expense and the reduction of the lease liability over the actual lease payments. At December&#160;31
 2019
Variable lease payments
 such as taxes and insurance
 are expensed as incurred. Expenses related to leases with original terms less than 12 months (short-term leases) are expensed as incurred. For all leases related to distribution
 bakery and corporate facilities
At December&#160;31
 2019
 right of use assets related to operating leases are included in property and equipment
Net revenue consists primarily of sales of packaged food products. The Company recognizes revenue when the obligations under the terms of its agreements with customers have been satisfied. The Company&#8217;s obligation is satisfied when control of the product is transferred to its customers along with the title
 risk of loss and rewards of ownership. Depending on the arrangement with the customer
Trade promotions
 consisting primarily of customer pricing allowances
 merchandising funds and consumer coupons
The Company also offers rebates based on purchase levels
For product produced by third parties
 management evaluates whether the Company is the principal (i.e.
 report revenue on a gross basis) or agent (i.e.
 report revenue on a net basis). Management has determined that it is the principal in all cases
 since it establishes its own pricing for such product
 generally assumes the credit risk for amounts billed to its customers
HOSTESS BRANDS
December 31
December 31
December 31
The grant date fair values of stock options are valued using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model
 including a simplified method to estimate the number of periods to exercise date (i.e.
 the expected option term). Management has determined that the equity plan has not been in place for a sufficient amount of time to estimate the post vesting exercise behavior. Therefore
For awards which have performance and market conditions
 compensation expense is calculated based on the number of shares expected to vest after assessing the probability that the performance or market criteria will be met. The equity-based compensation expense
 net of forfeitures
 is recognized using a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the awards
 which corresponds to the vesting periods of the awards. For performance-based awards
 compensation expense is remeasured throughout the vesting period as probability is reassessed. For market-based awards
As of December&#160;31
 2019
%
ployees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. None of these agreements expire before December 31
The Company provides several benefit plans for employees depending upon employee eligibility. The Company has a health care plan
 a defined contribution retirement plan (401(k))
 company-sponsored life insurance
 million
&#160;million for the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018 and 2017
The Company offers an annual incentive plan based upon annual operating targets. Final payout is approved by the board of directors. As of December&#160;31
 amounts were accrued for this plan at December 31
Hostess Brands
 Inc. owns a controlling interest in Hostess Holdings
 which is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal and most applicable state and local income tax purposes. As a partnership
 Hostess Holdings is not directly subject to U.S. federal and certain state and local income taxes. Any taxable income or loss generated by Hostess Holdings is passed through to and included in the taxable income or loss of its partners
 including the Company. The Company is subject to U.S. federal income taxes
HOSTESS BRANDS
During the year ended December 31
 2017
The Company has entered into an interest rate swap contract to mitigate its exposure to changes in the variable interest rate on its long-term debt. This contract was designated as a cash flow hedge. Changes in the fair value of this instrument are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income in the consolidated balance sheets and reclassified into earnings in the period in which the hedged transaction affects earnings. Hedging ineffectiveness
 if any
During the year ended December&#160;31
 2019
 the Company used foreign currency forward contracts to manage the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to future commitments denominated in currencies other than the US dollar. The foreign currency contract outstanding as of December&#160;31
The Company utilizes valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs to the best extent possible. The Company determines fair value based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability in the principal or most advantageous market. When considering market participant assumptions in fair value measurements
 the following fair value hierarchy distinguishes between observable and unobservable inputs
Level 2 inputs: Other than quoted prices included in Level 1 inputs that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
Level 3 inputs: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability used to measure fair value to the extent that observable inputs are not available
 thereby allowing for situations in which there is little
 if any
In June 2016
 was issued. This ASU requires entities to measure the impairment of certain financial instruments
 including trade receivables
 based on expected losses rather than incurred losses. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019
 with early adoption permitted for financial statement periods beginning after December 15
 2018. The Company adopted this ASU on January 1
 2020. Based on its assessment
In December 2019
 ASU 2019-12 Income Taxes: Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes (&#8220;Topic 740&#8221;) was issued. This ASU simplifies the accounting for certain income tax related items
 including intraperiod tax allocations
 deferred taxes related to foreign subsidiaries and step-up in tax basis of goodwill. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
On August 30
 2019
 the Company sold its In-Store Bakery operations
 including relevant trademarks and licensing agreements
HOSTESS BRANDS
&#160;million prior to transaction expenses and subject to certain post-closing adjustments. In connection with the sale
 during the year ended December 31
 2019
On February 1
 2018 (the &#8220;Purchase Date&#8221;)
 the Company acquired certain U.S. breakfast assets from Aryzta
 LLC
8
13
1
1
1
23
 goodwill was recognized as part of this acquisition. During the year ended December&#160;31
 2018
Hostess Brands
The Hostess Brands
 Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the &#8220;2016 Plan&#8221;) provides for the granting of various equity-based incentive awards to members of the Board of Directors of the Company
 employees and service providers to the Company. The types of equity-based awards that may be granted under the 2016 Plan include: stock options
 stock appreciation rights (SARs)
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units (RSUs)

150

 2019

490
&#160;million
&#160;million for the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018 and 2017
HOSTESS BRANDS
The fair value of RSU awards is calculated based on the closing market price of the Company&#8217;s Class A Common Stock on the date of grant. Compensation expense is recognized straight-line over the requisite service period of the awards
For certain RSU awards
 a portion of the granted units are banked at each annual performance period if the Company achieves certain EBITDA targets. Banked shares continue to be subject to the requisite service period under the terms of the awards. Depending on actual performance during each of the three annual performance periods
% of the granted units. At December&#160;31
 RSU awards with EBITDA performance conditions outstanding. As of December 31
The vesting of certain RSU awards is contingent upon the Company&#8217;s Class A stock achieving a certain total stockholder return (&#8220;TSR&#8221;) in relation to a group of its peers
 year period. Depending on the actual performance over the measurement period
% of the granted awards. At December&#160;31
 million RSU awards with TSR performance conditions outstanding
Upon an employee&#8217;s termination
Unvested as of December 31
915
440
172
288
Unvested as of December 31
895
721
298
415
Unvested as of December 31
904
81
108
As of December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 million of total unrecognized compensation cost
 respectively
 years
 respectively. As of December&#160;31
 2019 there were no awards outstanding for which it was not probable that the performance conditions would be met. As of December 31
HOSTESS BRANDS
For the years ended December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 million
 respectively
During the year ended December 31
 2017
 million shares of restricted stock to the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer under the 2016 Plan. The fair value of the restricted stock was calculated based on the closing market price of the Company&#8217;s Class A common stock on the grant date. Also during 2017
 in connection with the announcement of the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer&#8217;s retirement
 million shares would vest on January 1
For the year ended December 31
 2017
 restricted stock awards were issued by the Company during 2019 or 2018. As of December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
December 31
December 31
From its inception through December 31
 2019
 the Company has not paid any dividends on its common stock. As of the stock option grant date
. As of December&#160;31
 2019
 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options outstanding under the 2016 Plan; that cost is expected to be recognized over the vesting periods. For the years ended December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 million
 respectively
HOSTESS BRANDS
Outstanding as of December 31
827
382
265
Outstanding as of December 31
943
Exercisable as of December 31
273
905
7
124
Outstanding as of December 31
1
Exercisable as of December 31
486
Under the terms of its employment agreement with C. Dean Metropoulos
 the Company was obligated to grant additional equity to Mr. Metropoulos if certain EBITDA thresholds were met for 2017 and 2018. These thresholds were not met and no additional equity was granted to Mr. Metropoulos under these arrangements. The agreements expired by their terms on December 31
December 31
December 31
53
47
23
209
194
5
6
292
248
50
27
242
220
 million
&#160;million for the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018
 2017
HOSTESS BRANDS
 reportable segments: Sweet Baked Goods and In-Store Bakery. The Company&#8217;s Sweet Baked Goods segment consists of fresh and frozen baked goods and bread products that are sold under the Hostess&#174;
 Dolly Madison&#174;
 Cloverhill&#174;
 and Big Texas&#174; brands. The In-Store Bakery segment consists primarily of Superior on Main&#174; branded products sold through the in-store bakery section of grocery and club stores. During the year ended December&#160;31
 2019
 the Company divested its In-Store Bakery business. As of December&#160;31
 2019
December 31
December 31
December 31
878
808
733
28
42
42
907
850
776
41
38
35
1
2
2
43
41
38
293
258
316
6
8
9
299
267
326
35
53
35
35
53
36
December 31
December 31
3
097
2
924
86
3
097
3
010
HOSTESS BRANDS
Goodwill and intangible assets as of December 31
 2019 and 2018 were recognized as part of the 2016 purchase of Hostess Holdings from the Metropoulos Entities and other legacy equity holders
During the years ended December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
&#160;million
 respectively
 within other operating expense on the consolidated statements of operations. During the year ended December&#160;31
 2019
Balance as of December 31
529
50
579
2
2
6
7
1
Balance as of December 31
535
39
575
1
1
38
38
Balance as of December 31
535
535
December 31
December 31
1
408
1
410
515
543
71
51
Intangible assets
1
853
1
901
During the year ended December&#160;31
 2019
the Company divested of its In-Store Bakery segment
 resulting in a reduction of intangible assets
&#160;million
 million for the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018 and 2017 respectively. The unamortized portion of customer relationships will be expensed over their remaining useful life
 years. The weighted-average amortization period as of December&#160;31
22
22
22
22
22
332
HOSTESS BRANDS
December 31
December 31
6
3
4
4
Payroll
3
6
2
1
1
1
1
21
18
% of the net cash savings
 if any
 in U.S. federal
 state and local income taxes that the Company realizes (or is deemed to realize in certain circumstances) in periods after the closing of the 2016 acquisition (which periods may extend
 unless the Tax Receivable Agreement is terminated early in accordance with its terms
% of these cash savings. Certain payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be made to the Metropoulos Entities in accordance with specified percentages
HOSTESS BRANDS
Balance December 31
124
46
1
7
Balance December 31
69
71
1
1
2
Balance December 31
138
&#160;million during the year ended December 31
 2019
During the year ended December 31
 2019
%. Additionally
On January 26
 2018
 million (the &#8220;Buyout&#8221;). Subsequent to the Buyout
 the Company will retain a greater portion of the future cash tax savings subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement. The Buyout did not affect the portion of the rights under the Tax Receivable Agreement payable to the Metropoulos Entities
 including those previously assigned by the Apollo Funds. During the year ended December 31
 2018
As of December 31
12
7
7
7
8
95
HOSTESS BRANDS
A term loan was originated on October 1
 2019 through the Company&#8217;s subsidiary
 Hostess Brands
% of the aggregate principal balance with the remaining principal amount due upon maturity on August 3
 2025. The Fourth Term Loan is secured by substantially all of Hostess Brands
&#160;million on the Third New First Lien Term Loan (&#8220;Third Term Loan&#8221;) through a non-cash refinancing transaction. The Third Term Loan was originated by Hostess Brands
 LLC on November 20
% of the aggregate principal balance with the remaining principal amount due upon maturity on August 3
December 31
December 31
% as of December 31
973
983
3
3
970
987
16
987
988
11
11
975
976
At December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 million
At December&#160;31
 2019
9
9
9
9
9
925
On October 1
 2019
 Hostess Brands
 LLC amended its Revolving Credit Agreement (the &#8220;Revolver&#8221;)
 million
 a stated maturity date of August 3
 2024 and secured by liens on substantially all of Hostess Brands
 LLC&#8217;s present and future assets
 including accounts receivable and inventories
% annually based upon the unused percentage. Interest on borrowings under the Revolver is
 at Hostess Brands
 LLC&#8217;s option
HOSTESS BRANDS
Prior to the amendment the Revolver originated on August 3
 2015 had a stated maturity date of August 3
% annually based upon the unused percentage. Interest on borrowings under the Revolver was
 at Hostess Brands
 LLC&#8217;s option
 outstanding borrowings under the Revolver as of December&#160;31
 2019 or 2018. See Note 15. Commitments and Contingencies for information regarding the letters of credit
As of December&#160;31
 2019
To reduce the effect of interest rate fluctuations
-year contract. As of December&#160;31
 2019
 million. The Company entered into this transaction to reduce its exposure to changes in cash flows associated with its variable rate debt and has designated this derivative as a cash flow hedge. At December&#160;31
 2019
As of December&#160;31
 2019
 million was reported within accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. As of 43465
&#160;million was reported within other assets
 million of unrealized expense recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income as of December&#160;31
 2019 is expected to be reclassified into interest expense through December 31
In connection with the agreement to purchase Voortman as described in Note 15. Commitments and Contingencies
&#160;million Canadian Dollars (&#8220;CAD&#8221;) forecasted purchase price and a portion of the subsequent expected conversion costs. The contract was settled in cash following the completion of the purchase on January 3
 2020. At December 31
 2019
200
000


000


000
 of which were issued and outstanding at December&#160;31
 2019 or 2018). As of December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
122
108
100
046
 shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding
 respectively. As of December&#160;31
8
409
30
255
 shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding
Shares of Class A common stock and Class B Stock have identical voting rights. However
 shares of Class B Stock do not participate in earnings or dividends of the Company. Ownership of shares of Class B Stock is restricted to owners of Class B Units in Hostess Holdings. Class B units in Hostess Holdings may be exchanged (together with the cancellation of an equivalent number of shares of Class B Stock) by the holders thereof for
 at the election of the Company
HOSTESS BRANDS
As of December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018

453
48
274


046
8
225

 per half share
 to be exercised only for a whole number of shares of Class A common stock. The warrants expire on December 4
 2021
 per warrant
-trading day period ending on the third business day before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. The private placement warrants
 however
 are nonredeemable so long as they are held by Gores Sponsor
 LLC or its permitted transferees. The potential resale of the private placement to the public warrants has been registered with the SEC. When sold to the public
Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing net income attributable to the Company&#8217;s Class A stockholders for the period by the weighted average number of Class A common shares outstanding for the period excluding non-vested restricted stock awards. In computing dilutive earnings per share
 basic earnings per share is adjusted for the assumed issuance of all applicable potentially dilutive share-based awards
 including: public and private placement warrants
 RSUs
 restricted stock awards
December 31
December 31
December 31
63
62
223
110
540
99
957
99
109
3
693
3
021
6
113
465
120
84
114
699
103
098
105
307
For all years presented
The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method. Under this method
 deferred tax liabilities and assets are determined based on the difference between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the difference is expected to reverse. Additionally
 the impact of changes in the enacted tax rates and laws on deferred taxes
 if any
HOSTESS BRANDS
 December 31
 December 31
December 31
1
11
1
2
2
2
2
14
14
14
93
4
12
14
10
81
Income tax expense (benefit)
16
12
67
The Company owns a controlling interest in Hostess Holdings
 which is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal and most applicable state and local income tax purposes. As a partnership
 Hostess Holdings is not itself subject to U.S. federal and certain state and local income taxes. Any taxable income or loss generated by Hostess Holdings is passed through and included in the taxable income or loss of its partners. The Company is subject to U.S. federal income taxes
The operations of Hostess Holdings include those of its C corporation subsidiaries. These C corporation subsidiaries are subject to U.S. federal
 state and local income taxes. The Company&#8217;s tax provision includes income taxes for the share of Hostess Holdings income or loss passed through to the Company
For the years ended December 31
 2019
 2018
 and 2017
 December 31
 December 31
December 31
State and local income taxes
HOSTESS BRANDS
 December 31
December 31
6
3
2
2
2
1
1
1
10
10
266
279
7
1
1
266
288
256
277
The recognition of deferred tax assets is based on management&#8217;s belief that it is more likely than not that the tax benefits associated with temporary differences
 net operating loss carryforwards and tax credits will be utilized. The Company assesses the recoverability of the deferred tax assets on an ongoing basis. In making this assessment
 the Company considers all positive and negative evidence
 and all potential sources of taxable income including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities
 tax-planning strategies
The Company and its C corporation subsidiaries file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and local jurisdictions. For federal and state tax purposes
 the Company and its C corporation subsidiaries are generally subject to examination for three years after the income tax returns are filed. As such
 income tax returns filed since 2016 remain open for examination by tax authorities. The Company&#8217;s C corporation subsidiaries utilized U.S. loss carryforwards which date back to 2005
At December 31
 2019
 million. Unless utilized
 unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31
 2019 or 2018 that if recognized
 would affect the annual effective tax rate. Therefore
the Company has not recorded any penalties and interest during the years ended December 31
 2019 or 2018. Interest and penalties related to income tax liabilities
 if incurred
Tax Reform significantly changed U.S. tax law by lowering the corporate income tax rate permanently from a maximum of&#160;35%&#160;to a flat&#160;21%&#160;rate
 effective January 1
 2018. As a result of the reduction in the U.S. corporate income tax rate from&#160;35%&#160;to&#160;21%&#160;under Tax Reform
 the Company revalued its ending net deferred tax liabilities at December 31
 million&#160;in the Company&#8217;s consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31
HOSTESS BRANDS
On November 29
 2019
 a subsidiary of the Company entered into a share purchase agreement to acquire all of the shares of the parent company of Voortman
 a Canadian manufacturer of premium
 branded wafers
&#160;million CAD)
This agreement contains customary representations
 warranties and covenants of the parties. Subject to certain exceptions and other provisions
 the parties have agreed to indemnify each other for breaches of representations and warranties
&#160;million CAD of the purchase price was deposited into an escrow account to satisfy amounts in respect of purchase price adjustments and to provide for payment of indemnity claims
 if any. The transaction closed on January 3
The transaction was financed with cash on hand and incremental debt. On January 3
 2020
 Hostess Brands
&#160;million of incremental term loans through an amendment to its existing credit agreement. The terms
 conditions and covenants applicable to the new term loans were the same as the terms
From time to time
 the Company is subject to various legal actions
 lawsuits
 claims and proceedings related to products
 employment
 environmental regulations
 and other matters incidental to its businesses. Based upon information presently known
 the Company does not believe that the ultimate resolution of such matters will have a material effect on the Company&#8217;s financial position
Liabilities related to legal proceedings are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the associated amount can be reasonably estimated. Where the estimated amount of loss is within a range of amounts and no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount
 the low end of the range is accrued. As additional information becomes available
 the potential liabilities related to these matters are reassessed and the estimates revised
 if necessary. These accrued liabilities are subject to change in the future based on new developments in each matter
 or changes in circumstances
HOSTESS BRANDS
In 2019

3
2
2
2
3
4
The Company entered into a bond-lease agreement with the Development Authority of Columbus
 Georgia on December 1
 2013
 which was amended in December
 million. As the issuer and holder of the bonds
 the Company is not required to make lease payments. On December 16
 2013
 the Company received an ad valorem tax agreement from the Columbus
 Georgia Board of Tax Assessors granting tax abatement for the real and personal property located at the Company&#8217;s Columbus
December 31
Reduction of right of use asset
Interest
3
1
5
For short-term leases
 Hostess records rent expense in its consolidated statements of operations on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Variable lease payments
 which primarily include taxes
 insurance and common area maintenance
 are expensed as incurred. During the year ended December 31
 2019
 the Company entered into a lease agreement for its new distribution center in Edgerton
 million for the years ended December&#160;31
 2018 and 2017
HOSTESS BRANDS
76
75
1
49
49
 million for the years ended 2019 and 2018
(In thousands
December 31
September 30
June 30
March 31
216
227
241
222
39
23
36
36
23
10
16
26
21
8
11
21
(In thousands
December 31
September 30
June 30
March 31
214
210
215
208
30
23
34
32
16
11
24
29
11
7
19
23
HOSTESS BRANDS
&#160;million. Under the terms of the contracts
We have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e)&#160;and 15d-15(e))&#160;of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;)
 that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission
 and that information relating to the Company is accumulated and communicated to management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on that evaluation
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organization of the Treadway Commission. Based on that evaluation
 our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December&#160;31
 2019. The effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s internal control of financial reporting as of December&#160;31
 2019 has been audited by KPMG LLP
 an independent registered public accounting firm
Beginning in November 2019
 we relocated our primary distribution center to Edgerton
 Kansas. As part of this relocation
 we implemented a new warehouse management system to handle all warehouse and distribution activity. We implemented changes to our internal controls to incorporate this system into our financial reporting process. Changes arising from this new system represent a material change in internal controls over financial reporting
 otherwise there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the most recent calendar quarter that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
Item 10. Directors
The information required by this item will be contained in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC in connection with our 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
 which is expected to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year
The information required by this item will be contained in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC in connection with our 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
 which is expected to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year
 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
 after the end of our fiscal year
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
The information required by this item will be contained in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC in connection with our 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
 after the end of our fiscal year
 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
 which is expected to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year
Item 15. Exhibits
See &#8220;Index to consolidated financial statements&#8221; in Part II
Master Transaction Agreement
 dated as of July 5
 2016
 by and among Gores Holdings
 Inc.
 Homer Merger Sub
 Inc.
 AP Hostess Holdings
 L.P.
 Hostess CDM Co-Invest
 LLC
 CDM Hostess Class C
 LLC
 and AP Hostess Holdings
 L.P.
Share Purchase Agreement
 dated as of November 29
 2019
 by and among Hostess Brands
 LLC
 SPE Partners V
 LP
 Pacific Street Fund III
 LP
 PPM American Private Equity Fund V
 LP
 the Manufacturers Life Insurance Company
 Roynat Capital Inc.
 Voortman Enterprises Trust
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Hostess Brands
Amended and Restated Bylaws of Hostess Brands
Warrant Agreement
 dated August 13
 2015
 between Gores Holdings
 Inc. and Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company
Letter Agreement
 dated August 10
 2016
 between Gores Holdings
Amended and Restated Insider Letter Agreement
 dated August 12
 2016
 among Gores Holdings
 Inc.
 its officers and directors
 The Gores Group
Exchange Agreement
 dated as of November 4
 2016 by and among Gores Holdings
 Inc.
 Hostess Holdings
 L.P.
 Hostess CDM Co-Invest
 LLC
 CDM Hostess Class C
 LLC 
 C. Dean Metropoulos
Tax Receivable Agreement
 dated November 4
 2016
 by and among Gores Holdings
 Inc.
 Hostess CDM Co-Invest
 LLC
 CDM Hostess Class C
 LLC
 AP Hostess Holdings
 L.P.
Buyout and Amendment Agreement
 dated as of January 26
 2018
 by and among Hostess Brands
 Inc.
 Hostess CDM Co-Invest
 LLC
 CDM Hostess Class C
 LLC
 CDM HB Holdings
 LLC
 AP Hostess Holdings
 L.P.
Amended and Restated Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement
 dated as of November 4
 2016
 by and among Hostess Brands
 Inc.
 AP Hostess Holdings
 L.P.
 Hostess CDM Co-Invest
 LLC
 CDM Hostess Class C
 LLC
 C. Dean Metropoulos
 Gores Sponsor LLC
 Randy Bort
Letter Agreement
 dated as of March 1
 2016
 by and between Hostess Brands
Hostess Brands
Fourth Amended and Restated First Lien Credit Agreement
 dated as of October 1
Incremental Assumption and Amendment Agreement No. 4
 dated as of October 1
Letter Agreement
 dated as of December 6
 2017
 by and between Hostess Brands
Employment Agreement
 dated April 12
 2018
 by and between Hostess Brands
Amendment No. 1
 dated August 1
 2018
 to the Employment Agreement
 dated April 12
 2018
 by and between Hostess Brands
Hostess Brands
The cover page from this Current Report on Form 8-K
Filed as an exhibit to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 5
Filed as an exhibit to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 9
Filed as an exhibit to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 3
Filed as an exhibit of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 19
Filed as an exhibit to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 15
Filed as an exhibit to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 29
Filed as an exhibit to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 3
Filed as an exhibit to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2017 filed with the SEC on February 28
Filed as an exhibit to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 13
Filed as an exhibit to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31
 2018 filed with the SEC on May 9
Filed as an exhibit to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 6
Filed as an exhibit to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31
 2019 filed with the SEC on May 8
Filed as an exhibit to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 26
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized
 in Kansas City
 Missouri on February&#160;26
HOSTESS BRANDS
Executive Vice President
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
President
February 26
Executive Vice President
February 26
February 26
February 26
February 26
February 26
February 26
February 26
 2020












SPC PARTNERS V
PACIFIC STREET FUND III
PPM AMERICA PRIVATE EQUITY FUND V
collectively
HOSTESS BRANDS
Dated as of November 29
Headings
Certain Expressions
Date
Share Purchase Agreement dated November 29
 2019 among SPC Partners V
&#34;)
 a Delaware limited partnership
 Pacific Street Fund III
&#34;)
 a Delaware limited partnership
 PPM America Private Equity Fund V
&#34;)
 a Delaware limited partnership
&#34;)
 a corporation governed by the Laws of Canada
&#34;)
 a corporation governed by the Laws of Canada
&#34;
 together with SPC
 Pacific
 PPM
 Manulife and Roynat
&#34;)
 a trust constituted under the Laws of the Province of Ontario
&#34;
 and together with the Principal Sellers
&#34;)
 SPC
 in its capacity as Agent
 and 2727939 Ontario Inc.
&#34;) and Hostess Brands
 LLC
 a corporation governed by the Laws of the State of Delaware (&#34;
 the Principal Sellers are the registered and beneficial owners of the Class&#160;A common shares
 Class&#160;B common shares and Class C common shares in the capital of Corporation (the &#34;
 Sellers wish to sell to Purchaser
 and Purchaser wishes to purchase from Sellers
 Purchaser Parent has agreed to guarantee the obligations hereunder of Purchaser in accordance with Section 5.8 and
 solely for that purpose
 to become a party to this Agreement.
 in consideration of the premises and the mutual agreements and covenants hereinafter set forth
As used in this Agreement
&#34; means $2
000
000
&#34; has the following meaning&#58; an entity (the &#34;first entity&#34;) is the Affiliate of another entity (the &#34;second entity&#34;) where the second entity controls the first entity
 or the first entity controls the second entity or both entities are controlled by the same Person or entity. For purposes of this definition
 &#34;control&#34; is the power whether by contract or ownership of equity interests to select a majority of the board of directors or other supervisory management authority of an entity
&#34; means this Share Purchase Agreement and all exhibits
&#34; means
 in respect of a Seller
&#34; means Appleby Transportation Ltd.
&#34; means accounting principles generally accepted in Canada for private enterprises as issued by the Canadian Accounting Standards Board
&#34; means
 with respect to any Person
 any order
 permit
 approval
 consent
 notification
 waiver
 license
 certificate
&#34; means all statements
 budgets
 books of account
 Tax and financial records
 sales and purchase records and customer and supplier lists relating to each of the Acquired Companies
&#34; means the business of manufacturing cookie
 wafer and turnover products and distributing
&#34; means any day other than a Saturday
 Sunday or other day on which the principal commercial banks in Toronto
&#34; means with respect to the Acquired Companies
 on a consolidated basis
 all cash and cash equivalents determined in accordance with ASPE (as applied on a basis consistent with the Financial Statements)
 plus
 without duplication
 (i)&#160;deposits in transit and cash resulting from the clearance of cheques deposited prior to the Effective Time to the extent there has been a reduction of accounts receivable used in determining Working Capital on account thereof
 and (ii)&#160;petty cash
minus
 without duplication
 (i) any security deposits
&#34; means the class action lawsuit against SPC Management Co.
&#34;) in connection with the manufacture
 distribution
 importation
 marketing
 labelling and selling of wafers and cookies in the United States through its Canadian subsidiary
 Voortman Cookies Limited
 where it is alleged Defendant made representations on its product labels that were false and misleading by describing certain ingredients as &#34;real&#34; (e.g.
 &#34;baked with real vanilla&#34;) when they do not contain these ingredients in the amount
&#34; means the completion
 on the Closing Date at the Effective Time
&#34; means Friday
 January 3
 2020
 provided all of the conditions to Closing set out in Article 6 have been met or waived by such date (other than those conditions which by their nature are to be satisfied by actions taken at Closing)
&#34; means a statement to be delivered to Purchaser setting out (i)&#160;the Indebtedness of each Acquired Company that is to be repaid at Closing to be set out in Part A of such statement
 less the Cash of the Acquired Companies
&#34;)
 ignoring any payments on the Closing Date pursuant to Section 2.5
 which statement shall be based
 with respect to Indebtedness owed to third party creditors that is to be repaid on the Closing Date
&#34; means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
&#34; means the Competition Act (Canada)
&#34; means
 in respect of the Acquired Companies
 all written and oral contracts
 agreements
 bonds
 leases of personal property
 licenses
 commitments
 orders and other legally enforceable written instruments made by or in favour of the Acquired Companies
 as the case may be
&#34; means SPCVC Co-Investment Inc.
&#34; means the representations and warranties contained in Sections 3.2(a) (Incorporation and Qualification of Acquired Companies)
 3.2(b) (Holding Companies Conduct No Business)
 3.2(g) (Authorized and Issued Capital)
&#34; means in respect of any matter
 all losses
 liabilities
 claims
 damages
 penalties
 fines
 demands
 proceedings
 deficiencies
 Taxes
 costs and expenses (including all reasonable legal and other professional fees and disbursements
 interest
protection of the environment or Hazardous Materials and all Authorizations issued pursuant to such Laws
&#34; means Computershare Trust Company of Canada
&#34; means the escrow agreement dated the Closing Date among Purchaser
 Sellers
&#34; means $6
910
000
 which such amount shall be held and released by the Escrow Agent pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Escrow Agreement which
 among other things
 will provide for release of $4
250
&#34; means any and all liabilities relating to the termination of employment of the Excluded Employees
 including outstanding salary
 wages
 bonuses
 commissions
 vacation pay
 entitlements under Benefit Plans
 severance payments
 payments in lieu of notice of termination
 wrongful dismissal damages
 equity award settlements and other compensation (regardless of whether they are claimed before or after the Rationalization Date or the Closing Date and regardless of whether they arose prior to or on or in respect of the Rationalization Date)
&#34; means (i) with respect to Voortman
 the consolidated audited financial statements thereof for the years ending on December 30
 2017 and December 29
 2018
 as well as the unaudited consolidated financial statements of Voortman for the 9 periods ending September 7
 2019
 (ii) with respect to Corporation
 the unaudited financial statements thereof for the years ending on December 30
 2017 and December 29
 2018
 (iii) with respect to SPC Investment
 the unaudited financial statements thereof for the years ending on December 30
 2017 and December 29
 2018
 and (iv) with respect to SPC Holdings
 the unaudited financial statements thereof for the years ending on December 30
 2017 and December 29
 2018
&#34; means any action
 suit
 claim
 investigation or other legal proceeding by any Person alleging liability of whatever kind or nature (including liability or responsibility for the costs of enforcement proceedings
 investigations
 response to a Governmental Entity
 removal or remediation
 property damages
 personal injuries
 medical monitoring
 penalties
 contribution
 indemnification and injunctive relief) arising out of
 based on or resulting from&#58; (i) the presence
 release of
 or exposure to
 any food contaminants or adulterants
 pests
 mold
Food Safety Laws&#59; (iii) any food product recall
 seizure
 or investigation or food processing facility shut down&#59; or (iv) any &#34;form 483&#34; notices
&#34;)
&#34;)
 Health Canada
&#34;)
 or any state
 provincial
&#34; means (i) all Laws and agreements with Governmental Entities relating to or imposing liability or standards of conduct with respect to food safety or quality
 industrial hygiene
 or the manufacture
 production
 handling
 packaging
 label
 labeling
 transportation
 distribution
 importing
 exporting
 storage
 sale or marketing of food and related products
 including all Laws and regulations administered by the FDA
 USDA
 the Federal Trade Commission
 Health Canada
 CFIA and any state
 provincial
 municipal or local agricultural
 public health or consumer protection authorities
 including but not limited to the U.S. Federal Food
 Drug
&#34;)
 as amended and its associated regulations
 the Food Safety Modernization Act (Pub. L. 111-353)
 the Public Health Security Bioterrorism Preparedness and Response Act of 2002 (Pub. L. 107-188
 as amended)
 the Perishable Agricultural Commodities Act and its associated regulations (Pub. L. 71-325
 as amended)
 the Food and Drugs Act and its associated regulations
 the Consumer Packaging and Labelling Act and its associated regulations
 the Safe Food for Canadians Act and its associated regulations (and
 as applicable
 the Canada Agricultural Products Act and its associated regulations prior to their repeal)
 and all rules
 notices
 practices
 policies
 guidance and guidelines issued by the FDA
 USDA
 CFIA and any state
 provincial
 municipal or local agricultural
 public health or consumer protection authorities
 as it relates to organic standards
 product certifications and all facility hazard analysis plans and programs
means any domestic or foreign (i)&#160;federal or central
 state
 regional
 provincial
 municipal
 local or other governmental or public department
 central bank
 court
 commission
 commissioner
 board
 bureau
 agency
 tribunal or instrumentality
 (ii)&#160;any applicable stock exchange
 or (iii) any body exercising or entitled to exercise any administrative
 judicial
 legislative
&#34; means any substance
 material or waste that is prohibited
 listed
 defined
 designated or classified as
 or otherwise determined to be
 dangerous
 hazardous
 radioactive
 explosive or toxic or a pollutant or a contaminant under or pursuant to any applicable Environmental Laws
 including pollutants
 contaminants
 chemicals
 deleterious substances
 dangerous goods
 hazardous or industrial toxic wastes or substances
 radioactive materials
 flammable substances
 explosives
 petroleum and petroleum products
&#34;)
&#34; means
 collectively (and without duplication) with respect to the Acquired Companies
indebtedness for borrowed money
 including any related prepayment fees
indebtedness evidenced by notes
 bonds
 debentures
obligations or commitments to repay deposits or other amounts advanced by and owing to third Persons to the extent there has also been a reduction to the corresponding line item in Working Capital or Cash
indebtedness under loans due to any related party (within the meaning of the Tax Act)
indebtedness arising under capitalized leases
 conditional sales contracts and other similar title retention instruments (including
 for greater certainty
any interest
 fees
 prepayment obligations
all indebtedness of others referred to in paragraphs&#160;(i) through (xi) above guaranteed by
reduced by the sum of all assets or benefits arising under any interest rate or currency swap or other interest rate or currency protection agreement or other similar interest rate or currency agreement
 on a consolidated basis
 provided
 however
 that any liability included in Working Capital for purposes of this Agreement
&#34; means each Person under a contract for services with an Acquired Company
 including
 for greater certainty
 each distributor of the products of the Business
 that is not
 and is not intended by any Acquired Company to be
&#34; means an agreement (including
 for greater certainty
 a signed acknowledgment to be bound by the terms of any policy or manual) with an Acquired Company pursuant to which an Independent Distributor has rights to sell and distribute products of the Business to third parties
 and specifically includes
 without limitation
 all such agreements executed with respect to (i) the Canadian Policy Manual and Information Handbook dated January 2014
 (ii) the American Policy Manual and Information Handbook dated January 2014
 (iii) the form of Independent Distributor Agreement &#91;Canada&#93; dated February 2018
 (iv) the form of Independent Distributor Agreement &#91;Quebec - Canada&#93; dated February 2018
&#34; means the representations and warranties contained in Sections 3.1(a) (Incorporation and Status of Sellers)
 3.1(b) (Validity of Agreement)
 3.1(c) (Execution and Binding Obligation)
 3.1(e) (Title to Purchased Shares)
&#34; means
 all intellectual property of the Acquired Companies including any trademarks
 trade names
 business names
 brand names
 service marks
 logos
 domain names
 computer software and computer programs (other than standard off-the-shelf software)
 copyrights
 designs
 inventions and patents
 formulae
 processes
 know-how and technology and trade secrets
 whether domestic or foreign
 registered or unregistered
 as well as any applications
 continuations
 continuations in part
 divisional applications or analogous rights therefor and goodwill associated with any of the foregoing
 together with all rights under licences
 registered user agreements
 technology transfer agreements and other agreements or instruments relating to any of the foregoing and all like rights used by or granted to the Acquired Companies in connection with the Business.
&#34; means all current constitutions
 treaties
 laws
 statutes
 codes
 ordinances
 orders
 decrees
 orders-in-council
 rules
 regulations
 directives
 notices
 judgments
 notifications
 circulars and by-laws or any provisions of the foregoing
&#34; means any mortgage
 charge
 pledge
 hypothec
 option
 prior claim
 power of sale
 security interest
 security agreement
 debenture
 trust deed
 conditional sales contract
 assignment
 lien (statutory or otherwise)
 equity
 right of pre-emption
 right of first refusal
 non-disposal undertaking
 title retention agreement or arrangement
 restrictive covenant or other encumbrance of any nature or any other arrangement or condition which
 in substance
 secures payment
&#34; means a development
 change
 event or occurrence that
 when taken individually or in the aggregate
 has had or resulted
 or would reasonably likely result in
 a material adverse effect on the Business
operations
 assets
 liabilities or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Acquired Companies
worldwide
 national
 provincial or local conditions or circumstances
 whether they are economic
 political
 regulatory (including any change in Law or ASPE) or otherwise
 including war
 armed hostilities
 acts of terrorism
 emergencies
 crises and natural disasters
changes in the markets or industry in which the Acquired Companies operate
the announcement of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby
 including the loss of any customer
any act or omission of the Acquired Companies
 as the case may be
the failure of any of the Acquired Companies to meet any internal
 published or public projections
 forecasts
 guidance or estimates
 including of production
 revenues
&#34; means plans
 arrangements
 agreements
 programs
 policies
 practices or undertakings whether funded or unfunded
 insured or uninsured
 registered or unregistered
 to which an Acquired Company is a party or bound or in which Employees participate or under which an Acquired Company has
 or will have
 any liability or contingent liability
 or pursuant to which payments are made
 or benefits are provided to
or an entitlement to payments or benefits may arise with respect to any of its Employees or former employees (or any spouses
 dependants
&#34; means an amount equal to the amount of Indebtedness minus the amount of Cash
&#34; means the promissory notes issued by SPC Investment to Optionholders
 in consideration for the surrender of their Options as described in Section&#160;2.6
 the principal amount of which shall
 for each Optionholder
&#34; means the Stock Option Plan of SPC Investment dated October 9
&#34; means a positive or negative amount set forth in the Final Statements to which the Optionholders would have been entitled or that they would have owed on account of adjustment pursuant to Sections 2.4(h)(iv) to 2.4(h)(vi) (disregarding
 for these purposes
 of the Disclosure Letter
&#34; means each outstanding
 unexpired
 unexercised option to purchase one or more shares in the capital of SPC Investment
 whether or not then vested or exercisable
 granted on or prior to the date hereof to any current or former employee
&#34; means
 with respect to an action taken by a Person
&#34; means
 with respect to any Payoff Creditor
 a letter or other instrument addressed by such Payoff Creditor to one or more Acquired Companies setting out the Indebtedness as at the Effective Time owed to such Payoff Creditor and containing an irrevocable undertaking from such Payoff Creditor to terminate all financial instruments relating to such Indebtedness and to take all required actions in order to discharge all Liens on the assets of the Acquired Companies that exist for its benefit or granting Purchaser or the Acquired Companies the authority to file any Lien discharge documents
 subject only to receipt of payment of the amount specified in such Payoff Letter
 and
 if applicable
minor encroachment by the Leased Properties over neighbouring lands and any fences or concrete curbs
 which individually and&#47;or in the aggregate (A)&#160;do not materially affect the occupation
in respect of real property
 any subsisting restrictions
 exceptions
 reservations
 limitations
 provisions and conditions (including royalties
 reservation of mines
 mineral rights (including coal
 oil and natural gas) and timber rights
 access to navigable waters and similar rights) expressed in any original grants from the Crown
in respect of real property
 zoning
 land use and building restrictions
 by-laws
 regulations and ordinances of federal or central
 state
 regional
 provincial
 municipal or other governmental bodies or regulatory authorities
 including municipal by-laws and regulations
 airport zoning regulations
 other land use limitations
 pre-emption rights regulations and rights to repurchase in favour of or imposed or reserved by any federal or central
 state
 regional
 provincial
 municipal or other governmental bodies or regulatory authorities provided none of the foregoing have a Material Adverse Effect on
 or reduce the current use of
all immovable property leases
 whether registered or not
 but only to the extent that true
Liens for Taxes not yet due and delinquent or
 if due
Liens arising by operation of Law or securing
 carriers'
 warehousemen's
 mechanics'
 workers'
 suppliers'
 contractors'
 builders'
 architects'
 engineers'
have not at such time been filed pursuant to Law or which relate to obligations not due and payable or
 if overdue
in respect of real property
 any immaterial disagreement between the title deeds
 the cadastre
 the plan of renovation and&#47;or the measurements and which
 individually and&#47;or in the aggregate (A)&#160;do not materially affect the occupation
in respect of real property
in respect of real property
in respect of real property
 subdivision agreements
 site plan control agreements
 servicing agreements and other similar agreements with municipalities and restrictions
 easements
 restrictive covenants
 licenses
 servitudes
 watercourse
 rights-of-way
 right of access or user or other similar rights in land (including rights of way and servitudes for railways
 sewers
 drains
 gas and oil pipelines
 gas and water mains
 electric light and power and telephone or telegraph or cable television conduits
 poles
 wires and cables) granted to or reserved by other Persons to the extent they are in good standing and which do not
 either individually or in the aggregate
 materially affect the value
 marketability
 use
&#34; means a natural person
 partnership
 corporation
 joint stock company
 trust
 unincorporated association
 joint venture or other entity or Governmental Entity
&#34; means any taxable period (or portion thereof) ending on or before the Closing
 and with respect to any Straddle Period
&#34; means all Taxes payable in respect of any Pre-Closing Tax Period. For these purposes
 in the case of any Taxes that are imposed on a periodic basis and are payable for a Straddle Period
 the portion of such Tax related to the portion of such Straddle Period ending on the Closing Date shall (a) in the case of any Taxes other than gross receipts
 sales or use taxes and Taxes based upon or related to income
 be deemed to be the amount of such Taxes for the entire taxable period multiplied by a fraction
 the numerator of which is the number of calendar days in the taxable period ending on and including the Closing Date and the denominator of which is the number of calendar days in the entire taxable period
 and (b) in the case of any Tax based upon or related to income and gross receipts
 sales or use taxes
&#34; means the buyer side representation and warranty insurance policy obtained by Purchaser
 in form and substance satisfactory to Sellers
 acting reasonably
 and which shall provide for an aggregate coverage in an amount equal to $42
500
000
 and of which the premium (excluding any related fees and expenses) payable to the underwriter and the broker with respect to the Representation and Warranty Policy shall be paid for by Purchaser as to 50% and Sellers as to 50% (as set out in Section&#160;1.1(aaaa))
&#34; means the Confidential Settlement Agreement between SPC Management Co.
&#34; means statutory benefit plans that an Acquired Company is required to participate in or comply with
 including the Canada and Qu&#233;bec Pension Plans and plans administered pursuant to applicable health Tax
&#34;)
 a corporation governed by the Laws of the province of Ontario
&#34;)
 a corporation governed by the Laws of the province of Ontario
&#34; means $40
000
&#34; or
 collectively
&#34; means any and all federal or central
 state
 regional
 provincial
 municipal
 local and foreign taxes
 assessments
 reassessment and other governmental charges
 duties
 impositions and liabilities
 including Canada Pension Plan and provincial pension plan contributions and unemployment insurance contributions and employment insurance contributions and including taxes based upon or measured by gross receipts
 income
 profits
 sales
 capital use and occupation
 good and services
 and value added
 ad valorem
 transfer
 franchise
 withholding
 customs duties
 payroll
 employment
 employer health
 HST
 excise and property taxes
 including estimated taxes
 together with all interest
 penalties
(Canada)
&#34; or
&#34; means all returns
 declarations
 reports
 statements
 schedules
 notices
 elections
 forms or other documents or information required to be filed in respect of the determination
 assessment
 collection or payment of any Tax or in connection with the administration
&#34; means Monday
 February 3
&#34; means (i) all of the fees
 expenses and other payments incurred by Sellers or the Acquired Companies in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (on their own behalf and&#47;or on behalf of the Corporation)
 (ii) all fees and expenses of legal
 accounting and financial advisors
 data room providers
 and other advisors of Sellers or the Acquired Companies
 (iii) one-half of the fees and expenses of the Escrow Agent under the Escrow Agreement
 (iv) one-half of the Representation and Warranty Policy premium (as such premium is described in Section 1.1(mmm) and provided that
 for purposes of calculating Sellers' one-half portion of such premium
 the aggregate amount of such premium shall not exceed $1
000
000) and (v) all fees
 expenses and other payments of Sellers or the Acquired Companies including change of control sale bonuses or payments
 phantom equity
 deferred compensation
 severance payments to any current or former employee
 director or independent contractor (plus the employer portion of any employment
 payroll
 and&#47;or any other Taxes thereon)
 in each case not paid in full prior to the Closing
 provided
 however
&#34; means Voortman Cookies Limited
 in respect of the Acquired Companies
 on a consolidated basis
 as of the Effective Time
In addition to the defined terms in Section&#160;1.1
Headings
The provision of a Table of Contents
All references in this Agreement to dollars
 unless otherwise specifically indicated
Except as provided in Article&#160;9
All references in this Agreement to times of the day are to local time in the relevant jurisdiction
Certain Expressions
In this Agreement
 (a)&#160;the words &#34;includes&#34;
 &#34;including&#34; and similar expressions mean &#34;includes (or including) without limitation&#34;
 (b)&#160;the phrases the &#34;aggregate of&#34;
 the &#34;total of&#34;
 the &#34;sum of&#34; and similar expressions mean the &#34;aggregate (or total or sum)
 without duplication
 of&#34;
 (c)&#160;the phrase &#34;made available&#34;
 when used in reference to a document and unless otherwise specified
&#34;)
 as that site existed as of 6&#58;00&#160;p.m. (Eastern Daylight Time) on the date prior to the date of this Agreement
 (d)&#160;pronouns in one gender include the other gender
 unless the context clearly indicates otherwise
 (e)&#160;definitions in the singular include the plural
 and vice versa
 (f) the words &#34;hereof&#34;
 &#34;herein&#34;
 &#34;hereunder&#34;
 &#34;hereto&#34; and similar expressions refer to this Agreement as a whole and the words &#34;Article&#34;
 &#34;Section&#34;
 &#34;Exhibit&#34; or &#34;Schedule&#34; refer to an Article of
 Section&#160;of
 Exhibit to or Schedule to
 this Agreement
Where any representation or warranty contained in this Agreement is expressly qualified by reference to the knowledge of Sellers
 it shall be deemed to refer to the actual knowledge (assuming they had made reasonable inquiry of the appropriate individuals) of Douglas MacFarlane
 Diana Fife
 Chester Czerny
All accounting terms not specifically defined in this Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with ASPE (applied on a basis consistent with the Financial Statements)
The exhibits and schedules to the Disclosure Letter attached to this Agreement shall
 for all purposes of this Agreement
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement
 on the Closing Date
 each Principal Seller shall sell to Purchaser
 and Purchaser shall purchase from each Principal Seller
 all (but not less than all) of the Purchased Shares held thereby. The Purchased Shares will constitute at Closing
 in the aggregate
Subject to adjustment
 if any
 in accordance with Section&#160;2.4
 the aggregate purchase price payable by Purchaser for the Purchased Shares shall be an amount equal to (a)&#160;$425
000
000
 
 if a negative amount
 or 
 if a positive amount
 as the case may be
 (b)&#160;the aggregate Net Indebtedness as set forth on the Closing Indebtedness and Cash Statement
 
 as the case may be
 (c)&#160;the amount of the Closing Net Working Capital Adjustment
 (d) the Optionee Withholding Amount
At Closing
to Principal Sellers an amount equal to the Purchase Price
 the Principal Sellers' Allocable Portion of any unpaid Transaction Expenses
 the Principal Sellers' Allocable Portion of the Adjustment Escrow Amount
 the Principal Sellers' Allocable Portion of the Escrow Indemnity Amount
Agent prior to the Closing Date
 Within three days prior to the Closing Date
&#34;)
 which Preliminary Closing Date Net Working Capital Statement shall be adjusted to include the Inventory Count conducted immediately prior to Closing
 and (ii)&#160;the Closing Indebtedness and Cash Statement
 which shall set forth Corporation's good faith estimate of the Net Indebtedness of the Acquired Companies as of Effective Time. If the Preliminary Closing Date Net Working Capital Amount is greater than the Target Working Capital
 the Purchase Price will be increased dollar-for-dollar by the amount of such excess
 and if the Preliminary Closing Date Net Working Capital Amount is less than the Target Working Capital
&#34;)
 provided that if the Closing Net Working Capital Adjustment is less than $150
000 (positive or negative)
 no adjustment will be made. Within two days prior to the Closing Date
. Purchaser and Agent each agree to
and representatives to
 cooperate with the other and their respective agents and representatives to conduct a joint count of inventories
 including raw materials
&#34;). The Inventory Count shall be jointly overseen by Purchaser and the Agent
 Within 120&#160;days following the Closing Date
 Purchaser shall prepare and shall deliver to Agent (i)&#160;a statement with the determination of the Working Capital
 prepared as of the Effective Time
 provided that Purchaser shall normalize and adjust the Working Capital calculation to reflect that all inventory shipped shall be recognized as revenue on the date such inventory is deemed by the Acquired Companies' internal systems to be received by Independent Distributors and direct shipments to the U.S. and Canada (excluding Foodservice and Global) and not on the date such inventory was actually shipped
 and (ii)&#160;a statement of Net Indebtedness
 the Optionholders Proportionate Adjustment Amount and the Optionee Additional Withholding Amount
 prepared as of the Effective Time (collectively
Upon reasonable request
 at any time after the delivery of the Draft Statements
 Purchaser shall provide to Agent and its auditors access to relevant supporting documentation as they relate to the Draft Statements relating to the Acquired Companies and reasonable access during ordinary business hours to appropriate personnel to verify the accuracy
 Within 45&#160;days following delivery of the Draft Statements
 If Agent (for and on behalf of Sellers) disputes the Draft Statements in accordance with Section&#160;2.4(e)
 then Purchaser and Agent (for and on behalf of Sellers) will work expeditiously and in good faith in an attempt to resolve such dispute within a further period of 30&#160;days after the date of the notification of such dispute
 failing which the items remaining in dispute may be submitted by Agent (for and on behalf of Sellers) or Purchaser for final determination to BDO Canada LLP
 or if such firm is unwilling or unable to act
 Grant Thornton LLP (in any such case
&#34;). Purchaser and Agent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Third Party Auditors to complete their work within 30&#160;days of their engagement. The Third Party Auditors shall allow each of Purchaser and Agent (for and on behalf of Sellers) to present their respective positions regarding the items in dispute in the Draft Statements and the determination of Working Capital and Net Indebtedness as of the Effective Time
 and each of Purchaser and Agent (for and on behalf of Sellers) shall have the right to present additional documents
 materials and other written information to the Third Party Auditors regarding the items in dispute. The Third Party Auditors shall consider such additional documents
 materials and other written information. Any such other documents
shall be entitled to reply thereto. The Third Party Auditors shall make their determination in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. The Third Party Auditors may not assign a dollar value to any disputed item greater than the highest amount or less than the lowest amount claimed by Purchaser or Agent
 Promptly following the 30-day period referred to in Section&#160;2.4(e) during which no notice of objection was given or the resolution of any dispute in accordance with Section&#160;2.4(f)
 as the case may be
 Purchaser shall deliver to Agent (for and on behalf of Sellers) the final closing date balance sheet
 a statement of final Working Capital and a final statement of Net Indebtedness
&#34;). The Final Statements shall reflect the resolution of any dispute in accordance with Section&#160;2.4(f) or
 if Corporation's auditors are unable or unwilling to reflect such resolution
 then the Final Statements shall be deemed to be amended to reflect such resolution. The Final Statements shall be final and binding upon the Parties upon delivery thereof and shall not be subject to appeal
If (A)&#160;the Working Capital set forth in the Final Statements is equal to
 or is no more than $150
000 more or less than
Capital Statement
 and (B)&#160;the Net Indebtedness set forth in the Final Statements is equal to the Net Indebtedness set forth in the Closing Indebtedness and Cash Statement
 then no further adjustment will be made to the Purchase Price and
 with respect to the Adjustment Escrow Amount
to Principal Sellers
 the Principal Sellers' Allocable Portion thereof
to Agent for remittance to Optionholders
 the Optionholders' Allocable Portion thereof
If the Working Capital set forth in the Final Statements is greater than the Preliminary Closing Date Net Working Capital Amount set forth in the Preliminary Closing Date Net Working Capital Statement
 then Purchaser (or SPC Investment in respect of any portion of such excess included in the calculation of the Optionholders Proportionate Adjustment Amount) shall owe an amount equal to such excess to Sellers (provided such excess is greater than $150
000). If the Working Capital set forth in the Final Statements is less than the Preliminary Closing Date Net Working Capital Amount set forth on the Preliminary Closing Date Net Working Capital Statement
 then Sellers shall owe an amount equal to such shortfall to Purchaser (or SPC Investment in respect of any portion of such shortfall included in the calculation of the Optionholders Proportionate Adjustment Amount) (provided such shortfall is greater than $150
If the Net Indebtedness set forth in the Closing Indebtedness and Cash Statement is greater than the Net Indebtedness set forth in the Final Statements
 then Purchaser (or SPC Investment in respect of any portion of such excess included in the calculation of the Optionholders Proportionate Adjustment Amount) shall owe an amount equal to such excess to Sellers. If the Net Indebtedness set forth in the Final Statements is greater than the Net Indebtedness set forth in the Closing Indebtedness and Cash Statement
&#34;)
 then within five Business Days of the final determination of the Final Statements
the Adjustment Escrow Amount shall be released by the Escrow Agent to Principal Sellers to the accounts designated by Agent pursuant to Section 2.3 and to Agent to the account(s) designated thereby for remittance to Optionholders
Purchaser shall pay the Net Upward Adjustment
 reduced by the sum of the Optionholders Proportionate Adjustment Amount (positive) and the Optionee Additional Withholding Amount
 to Principal Sellers
pay the Optionholders Proportionate Adjustment Amount (positive) to Agent for remittance to Optionholders
&#34;) and the Net Downward Adjustment is greater than or equal to the Adjustment Escrow Amount
 then within five Business Days of the final determination of the Final Statements
the Escrow Agent shall release
to Purchaser
Escrow Amount
to SPC Investment
 the Optionholders' Allocable Portion of the Adjustment Escrow Amount
with respect to any balance owing to Purchaser and SPC Investment
Agent shall pay
 for and on behalf of Optionholders
If the Net Downward Adjustment is less than the Adjustment Escrow Amount
 then within five Business Days of the final determination of the Final Statements
the Escrow Agent shall release
to Purchaser
 the Principal Sellers' Allocable Portion of the Net Downward Adjustment
to SPC Investment
 the Optionholders' Allocable Portion of the Net Downward Adjustment
with respect to the balance of the Adjustment Escrow Amount
to Principal Sellers
 the Principal Sellers' Allocable Portion thereof
to Agent for remittance to Optionholders
 the Optionholders' Allocable Portion thereof
 Sellers and Purchaser shall bear the fees and expenses of their respective accountants
 auditors and other professional advisors in preparing
 reviewing or settling
 as the case may be
 the Draft Statements. In the case of a dispute and the retention of Third Party Auditors to determine such dispute
 the fees and expenses of the Third Party Auditors shall be borne by Sellers
 on the one hand
 and Purchaser
 on the other hand
 based on the percentage which the portion of the contested amounts not awarded to Sellers
 on the one hand
 or Purchaser
 on the other hand bears to the total amount actually contested by such Party. For example
 if closing accounts receivable is the only disputed item
 and Sellers claim that closing accounts receivable is $1
000&#59; and Purchaser contest only $500 of the amount claimed by Sellers
 and if the Third Party Auditors ultimately resolve the dispute by awarding Sellers $300 of the $500 contested
 then the costs and expenses of the Third Party Auditors will be allocated 60% (i.e. 300 &#47; 500) to Purchaser and 40% (i.e. 200 &#47; 500) to Sellers. Sellers and Purchaser will
 however
On the Closing Date immediately prior to Closing
lend to the applicable Acquired Companies (pursuant to non-interest bearing
lend to SPC Investment or the relevant Acquired Company (pursuant to non-interest bearing
 demand promissory notes) an amount equal to the sum of (A)&#160;the Optionee Withholding Amount
 and (B)&#160;the aggregate principal amount of the Net Settlement Notes
On the Closing Date
 Purchaser shall pay
 to the Persons listed on Part A of the Closing Indebtedness and Cash Statement the amounts of unpaid Transaction Expenses as designated in writing by Agent
Immediately prior to Closing
all Optionholders shall surrender to SPC Investment all (but not less than all) of their Options
 including the unvested Options which have become fully vested pursuant to Section 2.6(a) above
 in consideration for an amount equal to the &#34;in-the-money&#34; value of the surrendered Options
 which amount shall be paid by&#58; (i)&#160;the issuance by SPC Investment of the Net Settlement Notes
 (i)&#160;the remittance by the relevant Acquired Company of the Optionee Withholding Amount to the appropriate Governmental Entities
 (i)&#160;within five Business Days of the final determination of the Final Statements
Investment in accordance with Section 2.4(h)(iv)
 (i)&#160;within five Business Days of the final determination of the Final Statements
 the remittance by the relevant Acquired Company of the Optionee Additional Withholding Amount (if any) to the appropriate Governmental Entities
 and (i)&#160;within five Business Days of the final determination of the Final Statements
 the payment of the Optionholders Proportionate Adjustment Amount (if negative) by the Escrow Agent and&#47;or Agent
 as the case may be
 for and on behalf Optionholders
 in accordance with Sections&#160;2.4(h)(v) and 2.4(h)(vi)
provided that if the Closing does not occur for any reason whatsoever
 the Optionholders agree to surrender their rights to the consideration referred to in Section&#160;2.6(c)(i) against reinstatement of such Options upon their existing terms immediately prior to the execution of this Agreement
Notwithstanding any provision hereof to the contrary
 the parties agree that any party hereto shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any amounts otherwise payable under the terms of this Agreement such amounts as it is required to deduct and withhold pursuant to any provision of any applicable Law. To the extent that amounts are so withheld under any provision of this Agreement
 such withheld amounts (i) shall be timely remitted to the applicable Governmental Entity in accordance with applicable Law and (ii) shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the recipients in respect of which such deduction and withholding was made. Prior to making any such deduction or withholding
Each Seller separately represents and warrants
 as to itself
 but not as to any other Seller
 to Purchaser as follows as of the date hereof
In the case of a Seller that is an individual
In the case of a Seller that is a legal Person
 such Seller is a corporation
 limited partnership or other legal entity
 as applicable
 duly incorporated or formed
 respectively
 and validly existing under the Laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or formation
 respectively
In the case of a Seller that is a trust
 such Seller has been constituted as a trust under the laws of its jurisdiction of creation
 has not been terminated
constating documents of the trust and to enter into and to perform
 in their capacities as trustees of the trust
 The execution
in the case of a Seller that is a corporation or a trust
 have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on its part and
 in the case of a Seller that is a trust
in the case of a Seller that is a corporation or a trust
 do not (or would not with the giving of notice
 the lapse of time
 or both
 or the happening of any other event or condition) result in a breach or a violation of
 or conflict with
 or allow any other Person to exercise any rights under
 any terms or provisions of its constating documents
will not constitute or result in a violation or breach of
 or conflict with
 or allow any Person to exercise any rights under
 This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by such Seller
 and constitutes a legal
 valid and binding obligation of such Seller
 enforceable against such Seller in accordance with its terms subject only to any limitation on enforcement under applicable Laws relating to (i)&#160;bankruptcy
 winding-up
 insolvency
 of the Disclosure Letter
 no filing with
 notice to or Authorization of
 As of the date hereof
 of the Disclosure Letter
 with good and valid title thereto
such Seller
 if a Principal Seller
 of the Disclosure Letter
 with good and valid title thereto
such Seller
 if a Principal Seller
 shall transfer to Purchaser good and valid title to the Purchased Shares owned by such Principal Seller
Douglas MacFarlane and Joseph Nischbach
 of the Disclosure Letter
 no broker
 finder or investment banker or other person is directly or indirectly entitled to receive from such Seller any brokerage
 Except for Purchaser's rights under this Agreement
 no Person has any written or oral agreement
 option or warrant or any right or privilege (whether by Law
 pre-emptive or contractual) capable of becoming such for the purchase of any of the Purchased Shares or Options
 as the case may be
Sellers severally and not jointly or jointly and severally represent and warrant to Purchaser as follows as of the date hereof
 and acknowledge and confirm that Purchaser is relying upon such representations and warranties in connection with the entering into of this Agreement
 Each Acquired Company is an entity constituted and validly subsisting under the Laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation and has the requisite corporate power and authority to own
 lease and operate its property and carry on its business as currently conducted. Each Acquired Company is duly registered
 licensed or qualified to carry on the Business in each state
 territory
 province and other jurisdiction in which the Business as now being conducted by it makes such registration
 licensing or qualification necessary
to the Business of the Acquired Companies
. Each of the Corporation
&#34;) has never employed any individuals or conducted any business other than the ownership of the shares it holds in the applicable Acquired Company and activities incidental thereto
 and has never owned
 leased or used any asset other than the shares it holds in the applicable Acquired Company and cash. The Holding Companies have no liabilities (and there is no basis to assert any liability against the Holding Companies)
 Except for Purchaser's rights under this Agreement
 and the Optionholders' rights under the Options
 no Person has any written or oral agreement
 option or warrant or any right or privilege (whether by Law
 pre-emptive or contractual) capable of becoming such for (i)&#160;the purchase
 subscription
 allotment or issuance of unissued shares or securities of any Acquired Company
 or (ii)&#160;the purchase or acquisition of any assets of any Acquired Company
 The corporate records of each Acquired Company are complete and accurate
 in all material respects
 and include the articles and by-laws
 minutes of meetings and resolutions of shareholders and directors
 and the share certificate books
 securities register
 of the Disclosure Letter
 no filing with
 notice to or Authorization of
 of the Disclosure Letter
 there is no requirement to obtain any consent
 approval or waiver of a party under any Contract to which any Acquired Company is a party
 in connection with the completion of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement where the failure to obtain such consent
 individually or in the aggregate
would be material to the Business
 of the Disclosure Letter. The Purchased Shares constitute all of the issued and outstanding shares in the capital of Corporation and have been duly issued and are outstanding as fully paid and non-assessable. The Subsidiaries' Shares constitute all of the issued and outstanding shares in the capital of the Subsidiaries and have been duly issued and are outstanding as fully paid and non-assessable. All of the issued and outstanding shares of each of the Acquired Companies have been issued in compliance with all applicable Laws
 including applicable securities laws. Except for the Options set forth on 
 which will be transferred and cancelled immediately prior to Closing
 Except for the Subsidiaries' Shares
 neither Corporation nor any of the Subsidiaries
 directly or indirectly
 owns or holds any shares or other ownership
 of the Disclosure Letter with good title thereto
 free and clear of all Liens
Except as set forth in Schedule 3.2(j)(i)
 each Acquired Company has conducted in the past and is currently conducting the Business in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws in each jurisdiction in which it carries on business
 except where failure to do so would not be material to the Business
of the Disclosure Letter
 to the knowledge of Sellers
or in groundwater under any of the Leased Properties contrary to Environmental Laws or in excess of applicable limits established in Environmental Laws
 and (B) there have been no releases of Hazardous Materials by any Acquired Company upon
 into
 on or from the Leased Properties or any other real property currently or formerly owned
 leased or operated by the Acquired Companies
 except for
 in the case of either (A) or (B)
 Hazardous Materials in concentrations which would not be material to the Business
 of the Disclosure Letter
 none of the Acquired Companies has received any written notice or order from any Governmental Entity to (A)&#160;alter any of the Leased Properties in a material way in order to be in compliance with Environmental Laws
 or (B) perform any environmental closure
 decommissioning
 rehabilitation
 restoration or post-remedial investigations
 on
 about
 of the Disclosure Letter
 none of the Acquired Companies has received any written notice or order from any Governmental Entity to or any other Person of any material liability under
 or material violation of
The assets of the Acquired Companies are capable of
 and are not restricted by any Authorization or contract from
 of the Disclosure Letter
 no Acquired Company is a party to any written agreement pursuant to which either&#58; (A) severance or termination payments to any employee may be required to be paid
 waived or renounced solely as a result of the completion of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement&#59; or (B)&#160;any employee who is bound by confidentiality
 of the Disclosure Letter
 the Acquired Companies are not bound by any collective bargaining agreements. To the knowledge of the Sellers
 of the Disclosure Letter
 no Acquired Company has entered into any written employment agreement or other written agreement with any officer or employee
 contains a complete and accurate list of all individuals (without reference to names) who are full-time
 part-time or casual employees of
 or individuals engaged on contract to provide employment services to
&#34;) specifying which such Acquired Company is the employer
 as well as the length of service
 title or classification and rate of salary or hourly pay and commission or bonus entitlements (if any) for each such Employee&#59;
 there is no Employee who is absent from work and in receipt of benefits pursuant to the provisions of a short or long term disability plan provided by an Acquired Company or applicable workers' compensation Laws&#59; 
 each Acquired Company has properly classified and characterized each Independent Contractor (including each Independent Distributor) as an independent contractor for purposes of all applicable Laws
 including
 for greater certainty
 employment standards
 human rights
 workers' compensation
 occupational health and safety
 pay equity
 labour relations and Tax Laws and the Fair Labor Standards Act and state and local wage-and-hour and wage payment laws&#59; 
 there are no actions
 suits
 claims
 trials
 demands
 investigations (excluding any investigations not known to Sellers)
 arbitrations or other proceedings pending or
 to the knowledge of Sellers
 threatened against any Acquired Company in respect of any Independent Contractor (including any Independent Distributor) asserting a finding
 or threatening to assert or find
 that such Independent Contractor is or was an employee of an Acquired Company
 and there exists no state of facts which after notice or lapse of time or both could reasonably be expected to give rise to any such action
 suit
 claim
 trial
 demand
 investigation
 of the Disclosure Letter&#58; (A)&#160;there are no material pension
 retirement
 profit sharing
 bonus
 savings
 deferred compensation
 stock option
 purchase or appreciation
 change of control
 health
 welfare
 medical
 dental
 life insurance
 disability
 sick pay
 severance pay
 group insurance or other employee benefit plans
 programs or arrangements maintained or contributed to by an Acquired Company (each such plan
 program or arrangement
 other than statutory or Multi-Employer Plans
&#34;)&#59; (B)&#160;each Benefit Plan has been administered in all material respects according to its terms and applicable Laws and there are no material outstanding violations or defaults thereunder nor any actions
 claims or other proceedings pending or
 to the knowledge of Sellers
required by a collective bargaining agreement&#59; (D)&#160;the Acquired Companies have paid all contributions and all premiums in respect of each Benefit Plan in a timely fashion in accordance with the terms of each Benefit Plan and applicable Laws
 except as would not be material&#59; (E)&#160;no Benefit Plan provides for the payment of post-employment or post-retirement benefits&#59; and (F)&#160;the transactions contemplated herein will not increase or accelerate any entitlement under any Benefit Plan
 and (G) all Benefit Plans that are required to be registered under the Tax Act for Tax preferred or Tax exempt status have been and have continuously been so registered
Each employee benefit plan of an Acquired Company subject to Section 409A of the Code (if any) is in compliance in all material respects therewith
 such that no material Taxes or interest will be due and owing in respect of such plan failing to be in compliance therewith. No Acquired Company has any obligation to &#34;gross-up&#34; or otherwise indemnify any individual for any Tax
With respect to each employee benefit plan of an Acquired Company that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended&#58; (A) such employee benefit plan is and has been maintained and operated in material compliance with the terms of such employee benefit plan and with the requirements prescribed (whether as a matter of substantive Law or as necessary to secure favorable Tax treatment or avoid the imposition of any Tax or penalty) by applicable Law
 (B) such employee benefit plan is subject to a favorable determination or opinion letter from the IRS
 and (C) to the knowledge of Sellers
 of the Disclosure Letter
 the Acquired Companies are in compliance with all applicable Laws relating to employment and labour matters
 including provisions thereof relating to employment standards
 human rights
 workers' compensation
 occupational health and safety
 pay equity
 unfair labour practices
 collective bargaining
 except where such non-compliance would not be material to the Business of the Acquired Companies
There has not been
 for a period of 36 consecutive months preceding the date hereof
 nor is there currently or
 to the knowledge of Sellers
 threatened any strike
 slowdown
. All accruals for unpaid bonuses
 vacation pay
 premiums and contributions for Statutory Plans
 accrued wages
 Except for the Intellectual Property which is dealt with in Section&#160;3.2(s)
 of the Disclosure Letter
 and except for any Authorizations
 licensed Intellectual Property
 Leased Properties
 and assets otherwise used by the Acquired Companies pursuant to valid leases or licenses
 each Acquired Company owns all of the properties and assets (other than inventory sold and raw materials consumed in the Ordinary Course) that it purports to own
 with good and valid title thereto
 free and clear of any Liens
 other than Permitted Liens
 except for such properties or assets the absence of which would not be material to the Business of the Acquired Companies
 of the Disclosure Letter
 the vehicles
 machinery
 equipment and other tangible personal property of the Acquired Companies are
 in all material respects
 in good operating condition and repair having regard to their use and age
. The inventories of the Acquired Companies consist of items that are current and of good and merchantable quality and not subject to any write-down or write-off other than as provided for in the Financial Statements. The portion of the inventories of the Acquired Companies consisting of finished products is saleable in the Ordinary Course of Business subject to a reasonable allowance for obsolete
. All accounts receivable
 book debts and other debts due or accruing to the Acquired Companies are valid obligations which arose in the Ordinary Course and are not subject to any set-off
 counterclaim
 returns
 allowances or credits
 Each Acquired Company is conducting the Business in compliance with all applicable Laws in each jurisdiction in which it carries on business
 except where failure to do so would not be material to the Business
 The Acquired Companies hold all Authorizations required to carry on the Business as now conducted by the Acquired Companies
 other than such Authorizations
 the absence of which would not be material to the Business of the Acquired Companies
 taken as a whole. Such Authorizations are valid
any Acquired Company
 except for such defaults or breaches (if any) which would be material to the Business
&#34;)
&#34;)
 owned by or licensed to and used by the Acquired Companies in the conduct of their Business. Sellers have also made available to Purchaser a complete and accurate copy of all Contracts (excluding Contracts relating to commercial off-the-shelf software) and amendments thereto which comprise or relate to the Intellectual Property
 of the Disclosure Letter comprises Trademarks
The Acquired Companies are the owners
 free and clear of all Liens of
 have a valid and subsisting licence to use
 the Intellectual Property. Except as set out in 
 the Acquired Companies are not limited or impaired in their ability to sell
 transfer
There is no action
 suit
 proceeding or claim pending or
 to the knowledge of Sellers
 threatened by others
 of the Disclosure Letter
 there is no action
 suit
 proceeding or claim pending or
 to the knowledge of Sellers
 threatened by others
To the knowledge of Sellers
To the knowledge of Sellers
Information relating to the Business is not recorded
 stored
 maintained
 operated or otherwise wholly or partly dependent upon or held by any means (including any electronic
 mechanical or photographic process
 of the Disclosure Letter and are complete and accurate and present fairly
 in all material respects&#58; (i) the assets
 liabilities (whether accrued
 absolute
Acquired Companies
 as applicable
 as at the respective dates of the relevant statements
for the period covered by the Financial Statements
True
The Acquired Companies maintain as system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with management's general or specific authorizations&#59; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with ASPE and to maintain asset accountability
 of the Disclosure Letter
 there are no liabilities required by ASPE to be shown or accrued for in the financial statements of the Acquired Companies
 except for (i) liabilities reflected or reserved against in the Financial Statements&#59; (ii) current liabilities and liabilities under Contracts incurred since December 29
 2018 in the Ordinary Course of the Business that
 individually or in the aggregate
 do not have
 and are not reasonably likely to have
 a Material Adverse Effect&#59; and (iii)&#160;as of the Closing Date
. Since December 29
 2018
 of the Disclosure Letter
 there are no claims
 actions
 proceedings
 suits
 investigations
 inquiries
 reviews
 judgments
 decrees
 grievances
 arbitrations or alternative dispute resolution processes in progress
 pending or
 to the knowledge of Sellers
 threatened against or involving any Acquired Company
 the Business or any material assets of the Acquired Companies which would be material to the Business of the Acquired Companies
 taken as a whole
 or which prohibits
 restricts or seeks to enjoin the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. No Acquired Company is operating under
 or subject to
 any judgment
 decree
 writ
 injunction
 ruling
 award
 stipulation
 of the Disclosure Letter contains a complete list of the following Contracts as of the date hereof (the Contracts described in this Section&#160;3.2(y)(i)
 together with all exhibits and schedules thereto being
any distribution
 sales or advertising Contract for an amount in excess of $150
any Contract in excess of $150
000 on an annual basis for the purchase of materials
 supplies
any Contract under which any Acquired Company is obliged to make payments or expenditures (including capital expenditures) on an annual basis in excess of $150
any partnership
 joint venture
any Contract (other than between and among the Acquired Companies) under which Indebtedness for borrowed money in excess of $150
000 is outstanding or pursuant to which any property or asset of any Acquired Company is mortgaged
 pledged or otherwise subject to a Lien (other than a Permitted Lien) for an amount in excess of $150
000
any Contract of guarantee
 support
 assumption or endorsement of
 or any similar commitment with respect to
 any Indebtedness or other liability of any other Person in excess of $150
any Contract providing for the sale or acquisition of
 or option to sell or acquire
 any property with a fair market value in excess of $150
in respect of which the applicable transaction has not been consummated
any Contract in respect of the Intellectual Property owned by
any Contract pursuant to which an Acquired Company is a lessor or lessee of (i) any material machinery
 equipment
 motor vehicles
 office furniture
True
 correct and complete copies of all written Material Contracts have been made available to Purchaser prior to the date of this Agreement. Each of the Material Contracts is in full force and effect and is valid and binding on and enforceable against the applicable Acquired Company party thereto and
 to the Sellers' knowledge
 the other parties thereto
 in accordance with its terms. Except as would not be material to the Business of the Acquired Companies
 taken as a whole
 no Acquired Company or
 to the knowledge of Sellers
 any other party thereto
 is in breach or violation of
 or default (in each case
 with or without notice or lapse of time or both) under
 any Material Contract
 and
 to the knowledge of Sellers
 No Acquired Company owns
 or is subject to any agreement or option to own
 of the Disclosure Letter lists each real property and&#47;or premises currently leased (including properties subject to ground leases) or subleased by any Acquired Company from a third party (collectively
&#34;) and sets forth the name of the entity holding such leasehold interest and the date of the lease (collectively
occupies the Leased Properties pursuant to such Lease Documents. True
 correct and complete copies of all Lease Documents have been made available to Purchaser. Each of the Lease Documents is in full force and effect without amendment thereto
 and no Acquired Company nor
 to the knowledge of Sellers
 any other party thereto
 is in breach or violation of
 or default (in each case
All buildings
 structures
 improvements and appurtenances forming part of the Leased Properties are
 in all material respects
 in good operating condition and in a state of good maintenance and repair and adequate and suitable for the purposes for which they are currently being used by the Acquired Companies
 and the Acquired Companies have adequate rights of ingress and egress for the operation of the Business in the Ordinary Course. None of such buildings
 structures
 improvements or appurtenances (or any equipment therein)
 nor the operation or maintenance thereof
 violates any restrictive covenant or any provision of any Law
the Leased Properties
 the current uses thereof and the conduct of the Business thereon comply with all Laws
 including those dealing with zoning
 parking
 access
 loading facilities
 landscaped areas
 building constriction
no material alteration
 repair
 improvement or other work has been ordered
 directed or requested in writing by any municipal
 provincial
 territorial or other competent authority to be done or performed to or in respect of the Leased Properties or to any of the plumbing
 heating
 elevating
 water
 drainage or electrical systems
 fixtures or works
 which alteration
 repair
 improvement or other work has not been completed
 and Sellers know of no written notification having been given of any such outstanding work being ordered
 directed or requested
all accounts for work and services performed and materials placed or furnished upon or in respect of the Leased Properties at the request of an Acquired Company have been fully paid and satisfied
 other than amounts that are immaterial to the Business
 (Ontario) or equivalent legislation in other provinces of Canada against the Leased Properties or any part thereof
there are no material amounts owing in respect of the Leased Properties by any Acquired Company to any municipal corporation or to any other corporation or commission owning or operating a public utility for water
 gas
 electrical power or energy
 steam or hot water
 or for the use thereof
no part of the Leased Properties has been taken or expropriated by any Governmental Entity
the Permitted Liens constitute all of the Liens
 agreements
each of the Leased Properties (including all buildings
 improvements and fixtures) is fit for its present use by the Acquired Companies
 and
 of the Disclosure Letter
 there are no material structural repairs or replacements which are necessary to conduct the Business as currently conducted by the Acquired Companies and
 without limiting the generality of the foregoing
 there are no material repairs to
 or replacements of
 the roof or the mechanical
 electrical
 heating
 ventilating
 air-conditioning
the Leased Properties are serviced by public utilities necessary for the current occupation of such property by the Acquired Companies and has access to public roads
 and there are no outstanding levies
 charges or fees assessed against the Leased Properties by any public authority (including development or improvement levies
 of the Disclosure Letter
December 29
 2018
not made any material change in its accounting principles and practices which are not required by ASPE as theretofore applied including
not sold
 leased
 transferred or assigned
 in one or more transactions
 any assets
 tangible or intangible
 other than in the Ordinary Course of the Business or in transactions which are not material to the Business of the Acquired Companies
 taken as a whole
not made any loan to
 or any other investment in
not adopted
 amended
 modified or terminated any bonus
 profit-sharing
 incentive
 severance
 pension or other plan
such action with respect to any other such plan) for the benefit of any of its employees
 other than such adoptions
 amendments
 modifications or terminations which are not material to the Business of the Acquired Companies
&#34;) setting out
 in respect of each policy
 the type of policy
 the name of the insurer
 the policy number and the Acquired Company insured thereunder. Prior to the date of this Agreement
 Sellers have made available to Purchaser true and complete copies of all such Insurance Policies. All of the Insurance Policies are in full force and effect. No Acquired Company is in default with respect to the payment of any premiums under any Insurance Policy or in material default with respect to any of the other provisions contained in the Insurance Policies
 nor has any Acquired Company failed to give any notice or to present any claim under any Insurance Policy in a due and timely fashion
 where such default would not have a Material Adverse Effect. No Acquired Company has received written notice of default under any Insurance Policy
 nor has any of them received written notice or
 to the knowledge of Sellers
 oral notice of any pending or threatened termination or cancellation
The Acquired Companies have duly filed or caused to be filed on a timely basis with the appropriate Governmental Entity
 in the manner prescribed by applicable Law
The Acquired Companies have paid all Taxes which are due and payable as required by applicable Law
 and have paid all assessments and reassessments they have received in respect of Taxes. Each of the Acquired Companies has made adequate provision in the Books and Records and the Financial Statements for all Taxes which are not yet due and payable but which relate to periods ending on or before the date thereof. Since December 29
 2018
There are no outstanding agreements
 arrangements
There are no claims
 actions
 suits or audits pending or
 to the knowledge of Sellers
Each Acquired Company has withheld from each payment made to other persons
 including any of its past and present shareholders
 directors
 officers
 employees and agents the amount of all Taxes and other deductions required to be withheld and has paid such amounts when due
 in the form required under appropriate laws
Each Acquired Company has collected from each receipt from any of its past and present customers (or other Persons paying amounts to the Acquired Companies) the amount of all Taxes required to be collected and has paid and remitted such Taxes when due
Each Acquired Company has made available to Purchaser a true copy of all Tax Returns filed by such Acquired Company and all correspondence with any Governmental Entity relating to Taxes
 in each case
No Acquired Company has
 either directly or indirectly
No Acquired Company has outstanding loans or indebtedness incurred by directors
 former directors
 officers
Except in respect of deferred revenue accounted for as a current liability in the determination of Working Capital
 no Acquired Company has claimed
 nor will it claim
 any reserve under any one or more of subparagraph 40(1)(a)(iii)
 or paragraph 20(1)(m) or 20(1)(n) of the Tax Act or any similar provincial or territorial provision
No Acquired Company has
 and will not as a consequence of the acquisition of control of such Acquired Company by the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement
No Acquired Company has had a permanent establishment or trade or business in any country other than the country under the laws of which it is organized and
 for greater certainty
 except as disclosed on Tax Returns
 no Acquired Company has had a U.S. trade or business or otherwise been subject to U.S. federal
 or state and local
At no time in the twelve months preceding the Closing Date
 has any Acquired Company had (i) a &#34;significant interest&#34; (as defined in section 34.2 of the Tax Act) in any partnership
No Acquired Company is party to any Tax sharing
 allocation
At no time in the 60 month period preceding the date hereof was more than 50% of the fair market value of any the Purchased Shares derived directly or indirectly (otherwise than through a corporation
 partnership or trust the shares or interests in which were not themselves taxable Canadian property (as defined in the Tax Act)) from one or any combination of real or immovable property situated in Canada
 Canadian resource properties
 timber resource properties or options in respect of
 or interest in
 or for civil law rights in
 any such property
 whether or not the property exists
Each Acquired Company has complied in all material respects with the intercompany transfer pricing provisions of each applicable law relating to Taxes
 including the contemporaneous documentation and disclosure requirements thereunder
No U.S.-Based Employee of any Acquired Company has ever had the authority to enter into agreements or conclude contracts on behalf of
 or otherwise legally bind
All contracts entered into by Acquired Companies that were negotiated in whole or in part by U.S.-Based Employees (other than U.S.-Based Employees who were physically present outside of the U.S. throughout the period of negotiations) were reviewed
 and all the material terms of such contracts were approved by
No Acquired Company has ever participated in any transaction that is a &#34;reportable transaction&#34; (as defined for purposes of section 237.3 of the Tax Act) or that is subject to the provisions of any similar federal
 provincial
Each Acquired Company is
 to the extent it is required to be
 a registrant for purposes of any taxes imposed under the HST Act
 an Act respecting the Quebec sales tax and any other applicable commodity and sales taxes registrations and each of their goods and services tax&#47;harmonized sales tax registration number
&#34;). None of the Key Customers or Key Suppliers has ceased to do
 or materially decreased the rate of doing
 business or has indicated to any of the Acquired Companies in writing that it intends to cease or materially decrease the rate of doing business with the Business. To the knowledge of Sellers
 there is no reasonable basis for believing that any Key Customer or Key Supplier intends to cease doing business with any of the Acquired Companies or to modify or change in any material adverse manner any existing arrangement with such Acquired Companies for the purchase or supply of any products or services after
 or as a result of
 of the Disclosure Letter
 no broker
 finder or investment banker or other Person is directly or indirectly entitled to receive from any of the Acquired Companies any brokerage
 of the Disclosure Letter
 with respect to the products produced
 distributed or sold by the Acquired Companies in the past three years
 (i) no Acquired Company has incurred any material warranty or recall claims or expenses&#59; (ii) no material recalls or proceedings are pending
 requested or
 to the knowledge of Sellers
 threatened&#59; (iii)&#160;all products have been produced
 distributed and&#47;or sold in conformity with all applicable contractual commitments
 all express and implied warranties and other applicable Laws
 except for any non-conformities which would not be material to the Business of the Acquired Companies
 taken as a whole&#59; and (iv)&#160;in the case of products described in (iii) above
 no material liability exists for replacement or other damages in connection with any such products
 of the Disclosure Letter
 no Acquired Company has any material liability arising from or
 to the knowledge of Sellers
 alleged to arise from
 any actual or alleged injury to Persons
 damage to property or other loss as a result of the ownership
 possession or use of any product produced
 sold
 of the Disclosure Letter
 the Acquired Companies do not have Indebtedness
Except for Permitted Liens
Except for Permitted Liens
 immediately following the Closing
 there will not be outstanding any loan
The Acquired Companies and their respective products are and for the past three (3) years have been
 in compliance in all material respects with all Food Safety Laws and all reporting obligations pursuant to FDA's Reportable Food Registry. The Acquired Companies have established compliance programs and procedures to ensure compliance
 in all material respects
The facilities and operations of the Acquired Companies that are third party certified with respect to applicable food safety and quality industry standards have been conducted in compliance in all material respects
 for the past three (3) years
 of the Disclosure Letter
 over the past three (3) years
 the Acquired Companies have not sold or distributed any products which are or were contaminated
 adulterated
 misbranded or mislabelled or any products that have been exposed to any food contaminants or adulterants
 food poisoning
 pests
 mold or microbial agents
 nor have their been any recalls
 withdrawals
 stock recoveries
 seizures
 of the Disclosure Letter
 no Acquired Company has
 in the past three (3) years
 received or has been subject to any Food Safety Claim
 nor to the knowledge of the Sellers are there conditions associated with the facilities or products of Acquired Companies that would reasonably be expected to give rise to a Food Safety Claim against
 or other material liability of
The Sellers have made available to the Purchaser all assessments
 audits
 Net sales of the Acquired Companies for the year ended December 29
 2018
 as recorded in the Financial Statements
 realized from sales to customers in the U.S. were less than US$90 million (converted
 as applicable
Except as set forth in this Article&#160;3
 none of Sellers
 their Affiliates or any of their respective officers
 directors
 employees or representatives makes or has made any other representation or warranty
 express or implied
 with respect to the Purchased Shares
 the Acquired Companies or the Business
 including with respect to (i)&#160;the operation of the Acquired Companies by Purchaser after the Closing
None of Sellers
 their Affiliates or any of their respective officers
 directors
 employees or representatives will have or be subject to any liability or indemnification obligation to Purchaser or to any other Person resulting from the distribution to Purchaser
 its Affiliates or representatives of
 or Purchaser's use of
 any projections
 financial models
 estimates
&#34;)
 including FOFI provided in the confidential information memorandum
 the management presentation and any other information
 documents or material made available to Purchaser
 whether orally or in writing
 in certain &#34;data rooms&#34;
 management presentations
Contemporaneously with the execution and delivery of this Agreement
 Sellers are delivering to Purchaser the Disclosure Letter required to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement
 which is deemed to constitute an integral part of this Agreement and to set out the qualifications
 Purchaser is a corporation duly incorporated
 The execution
do not (or would not with the giving of notice
 the lapse of time
 or both
 or the happening of any other event or condition) result in a breach or a violation of
 or conflict with
 or allow any other Person to exercise any rights under
 any terms or provisions of the constating documents
 This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by
 and constitutes a legal
 valid and binding obligation of Purchaser
 enforceable against Purchaser in accordance with its terms subject only to any limitation on enforcement under applicable Laws relating to (i)&#160;bankruptcy
 winding-up
 insolvency
 There are no actions
 suits
 appeals
 claims
 applications
 investigations
 orders
 proceedings
 grievances
 arbitrations or alternative dispute resolution processes in progress
 pending
 or to Purchaser's knowledge
 threatened against Purchaser
 which prohibit
 of the Disclosure Letter
 no filing with
 notice to or Authorization of
. Purchaser and its affiliates have no assets in Canada and their gross revenues from sales in
 from or into Canada are less than $10
000
000
 Purchaser is knowledgeable
 sophisticated and experienced in business and financial matters
 has had access to its full satisfaction to management of the Acquired Companies and their respective books and records
 contracts
 agreements and documents for the purpose of conducting its due diligence review
 and has had such opportunity to seek accounting
 of the Disclosure Letter
 no broker
 finder or investment banker or other Person engaged by Purchaser is directly or indirectly entitled to any brokerage
it has conducted to its satisfaction an independent investigation of the business
 operations
 assets
 liabilities and financial condition of the Acquired Companies and the Business. In making the determination to proceed with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
 Purchaser has relied solely on the results of its own independent investigation and the representations and warranties in this Agreement (including the related portions of the Disclosure Letter)
 and has not relied on any representation or warranty of the Sellers
or any of their related parties
 express or implied
 statutory or otherwise
 with respect to the Purchased Shares
 the Business
 the Acquired Companies or any other matter contemplated by this Agreement
 including with respect to the operation of the Business after the Closing
 and the probable success or profitability of the Business or the Acquired Companies after the Closing. Purchaser hereby recognizes and agrees that such representations and warranties constitute the complete extent of what it considered to be determinant
except as set forth in Article&#160;9
 none of the Sellers
 the Acquired Companies or any of their related parties will have
 or be subject to
 any liability or obligation to Purchaser or any other Person (including
 after Closing
 the Acquired Companies) resulting from the distribution to Purchaser or any of its related parties of
 or their use of
 any information relating to the Business or the Acquired Companies made available to Purchaser or its related parties by the Sellers
 the Acquired Companies or any of their related parties
 whether orally or in writing
 prior to the execution of this Agreement or during the Interim Period
 including in the Data Room
 projections
 financial models
 estimates
 forecasts or budgets
 the confidential information memorandum
 management presentations
 functional break-out discussions or responses to questions submitted on behalf of Purchaser
 in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing
 with respect to any projections
 financial models
 estimates
 forecasts or budgets relating to the Business
 the Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that (i) there are uncertainties inherent in attempting to make any projections
 financial models
 estimates
 forecasts or budgets
 (ii) it is familiar with such uncertainties
 (iii) it is taking full responsibility for making its own evaluation of the adequacy and accuracy of all such projections
 financial models
 estimates
 forecasts or budgets so furnished to it
 (iv) planned efficiencies or business opportunities may not materialize for a number of reasons
 and (v) the Purchaser shall have no claim against the Sellers or any of their respective Affiliates
Except as expressly provided in this Agreement or the Disclosure Letter or with the prior written consent of Purchaser
 which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld
 and to the extent lawfully able to do so
 Sellers shall cause the Acquired Companies to
 and the Acquired Companies shall
 during the Interim Period
 conduct their respective Businesses in the Ordinary Course and
 without limiting the generality of the foregoing
 Sellers shall cause each Acquired Company not to
 and no Acquired Company shall
 take any affirmative action or omit to take any reasonable action within its control
In furtherance and not in limitation of Section 5.1(a)
 during the Interim Period
 except as expressly provided in this Agreement
 of the Disclosure Letter
 or as required by applicable Law
 Sellers shall cause the Acquired Companies not to (unless otherwise consented to by Purchaser
 which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld
declare
 set aside
 make or pay any dividend or other distribution in respect of or purchase
 redeem or otherwise acquire
 any shares of its capital stock (other than the declaration and payment in full (but not
 for the avoidance of doubt
 only the declaration)
 in each case prior to the Effective Time
transfer
 issue
 sell
 pledge encumber or dispose of any shares in its capital
 or any other interest in or with respect to it
 or grant options
 warrants
effect any recapitalization
 reclassification
 share split
 combination or like change in the capitalization
make any capital expenditures (including expenditures for additions to plant
 property and equipment) or appropriations or commitments with respect thereto
 in the aggregate
 in excess of $500
enter into any transaction or Contract with any officer
 director
create
 incur or assume any Indebtedness for borrowed money
change its accounting methods
 principles or practices
sell
 assign
 lease
 license
 transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its material assets (including
 for certainty
 any sale of any &#34;corporate ID routes&#34;
 being any product distribution routes currently owned and serviced by Voortman
 to an Independent Distributor)
 except for sales of inventory in the Ordinary Course of Business
 or mortgage
change or modify any of the following&#58; (i) billing and collection policies
 procedures and practices with respect to accounts receivable or unbilled charges&#59; (ii) policies
 procedures and practices with respect to the provision of discounts
 rebates or allowances (excluding any discounts
 rebate or allowances that are consistent with past practice and in the Ordinary Course of Business)&#59; or (iii)&#160;payment policies
settle or compromise any suit
 action or claim for an amount in excess of $150
make
 change or rescind any election concerning Taxes or Tax Returns
 change any annual accounting period
 adopt or change any accounting method with respect to Taxes
 file any amended Tax Return
 enter into any closing agreement with respect to Taxes
 settle any Tax claim
 audit or assessment
 surrender any right to claim a refund of Taxes
 consent to any extension or waiver of the limitation period applicable to any Tax claim or assessment
 obtain or enter into any Tax ruling
 agreement
 contract
 understanding
authorize any of
 or commit or agree to take
 whether in writing or otherwise
In furtherance and not in limitation of Sections 5.1(a) and 5.1(b)
 during the Interim Period
 except as set forth in Section 5.1 of the Disclosure Letter
 Sellers shall cause each Holding Company not to
 and no Holding Company shall
 unless otherwise consented to by Purchaser
 (i) incur any liability
 or (ii) enter into any Contract
 or (iii)&#160;consummate any transaction
 of any nature whatsoever
During the Interim Period
 Sellers shall
 to the extent lawfully able to do so
 cause the Acquired Companies to afford to Purchaser and its legal
 accounting and other representatives reasonable access during normal business hours (without undue interference to the ordinary conduct of the Business of the Acquired Companies) to the Business and their affairs and properties. All requests by Purchaser or its legal
The terms of the Confidentiality and Non-Disclosure Agreement dated June 28
&#34;) between Voortman and Hostess Brands
 LLC are hereby incorporated herein by reference and shall continue in full force and effect until the Closing
 at which time such Confidentiality Agreement and the obligations of Purchaser under the Confidentiality Agreement shall terminate&#59; provided
 however
 that the Confidentiality Agreement shall terminate only in respect of that portion of the Confidential Information (as defined in the Confidentiality Agreement) exclusively relating to the Business and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
 subject at all times to compliance with Laws. If this Agreement is
 for any reason
 terminated prior to Closing
Each of Sellers and Purchaser will and Sellers shall cause Corporation to use reasonable best efforts to make
 or cause to be made
 all filings and applications with
notices and submissions to Governmental Entities forthwith upon the execution of this Agreement
 and in any event no more than two Business Days after the execution of this Agreement
Purchaser and Sellers will and Sellers shall cause Corporation to coordinate and cooperate in exchanging information and supplying assistance that is reasonably requested by the other in connection with this Section&#160;5.4 including (i)&#160;providing each other with advance copies and reasonable opportunity to comment on all notices
 applications
 submissions
 responses
 filings and information supplied to or filed with any Governmental Entity (except for information which any of Purchaser
 Sellers or Corporation
 acting reasonably
 considers highly confidential and competitively sensitive
 which shall only be provided to outside counsel of such other Parties on a confidential and privileged basis)
Each of Sellers and Purchaser will and Sellers shall cause Corporation to use their commercially reasonable efforts to satisfy
 as soon as possible
Neither Purchaser
 on the one hand
 nor Sellers and Corporation
 on the other hand
 shall participate in any meeting
 telephone call
 negotiation
 discussion or correspondence with any Governmental Entity in respect of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
 without giving the other prior notice of such meeting
 telephone call
 negotiation
 discussion or correspondence and
 to the extent permitted by such Governmental Entity
Sellers will use their commercially reasonable efforts to obtain
 or cause to be obtained
 on or prior to Closing
 of the Disclosure Letter. Despite the previous sentence
 Sellers are not required to pay any money
 incur any obligations
 commence any legal proceedings
 or offer or grant any accommodation (financial or otherwise) to any third party in order to obtain such consents. Purchaser shall co-operate in obtaining such consents
Purchaser acknowledges that Sellers have entered into this Agreement in reliance on the fact that Purchaser has obtained the Representation and Warranty Policy as of the date of this Agreement. Accordingly
 and notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Agreement
 without the prior written consent of Agent
 up to and following the Closing
 Purchaser shall
 to the extent within its control
the initiation of any Tax audit
 proceeding or other related investigation by any Governmental Entity
the initiation of any Food Safety Claim by any Person or Governmental Entity that would reasonably be expected to result in a material liability of any Acquired Company
 or the occurrence of any event
the suspension
 revocation
the commencement of
 or the receipt of notice threatening
 any material litigation
 arbitration or mediation involving the Acquired Companies
 the Business
 any of the Acquired Companies' assets
 or against or affecting any of their officers
the receipt of written
 or to the knowledge of Sellers
 oral notice from any Key Customer or any Key Supplier that such Person intends to stop or materially and adversely change the terms (whether related to payment
 price or otherwise) with respect to purchasing or supplying
 as applicable
 materials
the receipt of any written or
 to the knowledge of Sellers
 oral notice of any labor union or similar Person asserting or holding (or seeking to assert or hold) any bargaining rights with respect to the employees of any Acquired Company or the occurrence of any collective labour dispute
 including a strike
 slowdown
 walkout
 picketing
material damage
any event
 fact or circumstance has occurred which
 individually or in the aggregate
Purchaser Parent hereby agrees to (i)&#160;unconditionally guarantee the timely performance and fulfillment by the Purchaser of its obligations under this Agreement
 including pursuant to Sections 2.3 and 2.4
 and (ii)&#160;be jointly and severally liable with the Purchaser for any Damages suffered by
Agreement and shall not exceed any liability or obligation of the Purchaser under this Agreement. Purchaser Parent is entitled to all rights
Prior to the Effective Time
 upon request by
 and at the expense of
 the Purchaser
 Sellers shall cause the Acquired Companies to use commercially reasonable efforts to
 prior to the Closing Date
 take such actions as are necessary to reorganize their capital
&#34;)&#59; provided that&#58; (i) any Pre-Acquisition Reorganization Activity shall not delay or prevent the completion of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement&#59; (ii)&#160;any Pre-Acquisition Reorganization Activity shall not unreasonably interfere with the ongoing operations or the Business of the Acquired Companies&#59; (iii) such Pre-Acquisition Reorganization Activity shall be implemented as close as possible to or concurrent with the Effective Time&#59; (iv) the Acquired Companies shall not be required to take any action in contravention of applicable Law
 their respective organizational documents or any material Contracts&#59; (v) any such Pre-Acquisition Reorganization Activity shall be contingent upon the Purchaser confirming that the conditions of Section 6.2 have been or will be satisfied or waived by the Purchaser (it being understood that in any event the Pre-Acquisition Reorganization Activity will be deemed to have occurred immediately prior to the Effective Time)&#59; (vi) the Pre-Acquisition Reorganization Activity shall not affect or modify in any respect the obligations of the Purchaser under this Agreement
 and (vii) the Acquired Companies shall not be required to take any action that could reasonably be expected to result in Taxes being imposed on
 or any adverse Tax or other consequences to
 any Seller
If Closing does not occur other than by reason of a breach of this Agreement by Sellers
 Purchaser shall forthwith reimburse Sellers and&#47;or the Acquired Companies for all reasonable third-party out-of-pocket fees and expenses (including any professional fees
 expenses and Taxes) incurred by Sellers and&#47;or the Acquired Companies in considering and effecting the Pre-Acquisition Reorganization Activity and shall be responsible for any reasonable out-of-pocket costs and Taxes of Sellers and&#47;or the Acquired Companies in reversing or unwinding any Pre-Acquisition Reorganization Activity that was effected prior to termination of this Agreement (provided that such reversal or unwinding must occur in the most tax-efficient manner which is commercially reasonable under the circumstances). The obligation of Purchaser to reimburse Sellers and&#47;or the Acquired Companies for reasonable third-party out-of-pocket fees
 expenses and Taxes and to be responsible for reasonable out-of-pocket costs and Taxes as set out in this Section 5.9 will be in addition to any other payment Purchaser may be obligated to make hereunder and
 notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein
&#34;)
 Sellers shall terminate
 or cause the Acquired Companies to terminate
&#34;). Sellers shall pay (or reimburse prior to the Closing Date the Acquired Companies
 of the Disclosure Letter to executed and deliver on or before Closing
 in favour of the Acquired Companies and the Purchaser
If requested by Purchaser no later than ten Business Days preceding the Closing Date
 Sellers shall cause Voortman to adopt a resolution terminating the Voortman Cookies 401(k) Retirement Plan effective as of the date immediately prior to the Closing Date but contingent on the occurrence of the Closing. No later than three Business Days prior to the Closing Date
The Corporation shall use its reasonable commercial efforts to obtain prior to the initiation of the requisite shareholder approval procedure under subparagraph (b) below
&#34;) from each Person who
 with respect to the Corporation
 reasonably could be a &#34;disqualified individual&#34; (within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder) and who
 with respect to the Corporation
 reasonably might otherwise receive
 have received
 or have the right or entitlement to receive
 any parachute payment under Section 280G of the Code
Prior to the Closing Date
 the Corporation shall obtain the approval by such number of shareholders of the Corporation as is required by the terms of Section 280G(b)(5)(B) of the Code so as to render the parachute payment provisions of Section 280G of the Code inapplicable to any and all payments and&#47;or benefits provided pursuant to the contracts or arrangements that
 in the absence of the executed Parachute Payment Waivers by the affected Persons under subparagraph (a) above
 might otherwise result
 separately or in the aggregate
 in the payment of any amount and&#47;or the provision of any benefit that would not be deductible by reason of Section 280G of the Code or that would be subject to an excise tax by reason of Section 4999 of the Code
 with such shareholder approval to be solicited in a manner which satisfies all applicable requirements of such Section 280G(b)(5)(B) of the Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder
Purchaser on the one hand
 and Sellers on the other hand
 shall use all best efforts
 to procure the satisfaction of the conditions set out in Sections&#160;6.2 and 6.5 over which they have reasonable control
The purchase and sale of the Purchased Shares is subject to the following conditions to be fulfilled or performed prior to the Closing
 which conditions are for the exclusive benefit of Purchaser and may be waived
 in whole or in part
the Individual Fundamental Representations of each Seller must be true and correct in all respects
 inaccuracies
 as of the Closing Date with the same force and effect as if such representations and warranties were made on and as of such date. To the extent that a representation and warranty speaks only as of a specific date
the other representations and warranties of each Seller contained in Section 3.1 of this Agreement
 must be true and correct in all respects as of the Closing Date with the same force and effect as if such representations and warranties were made on and as of such date
 except if any falseness or incorrectness of such representations and warranties
 considered in the aggregate
 would not have a Material Adverse Effect (without giving effect to any qualifications as to materiality by reference to &#34;material&#34;
 &#34;Material Adverse Effect&#34;
 &#34;in all material respects&#34; or similar qualifications contained in such representations and warranties)
 and which such representations and warranties are subject to the limitations in Section 9.1. To the extent that a representation and warranty speaks only as of a specific date
the covenants contained in this Agreement to be performed by each Seller on or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed in all material respects
and Purchaser shall have received a certificate from each Seller
 confirming the foregoing
the Corporation Fundamental Representations must be true and correct in all respects
 inaccuracies
force and effect as if such representations and warranties were made on and as of such date. To the extent that a representation and warranty speaks only as of a specific date
the other representations and warranties of Sellers contained in Section&#160;3.2 of this Agreement
 must be true and correct in all respects as of the Closing Date with the same force and effect as if such representations and warranties were made on and as of such date
 except if any falseness or incorrectness of such representations and warranties
 considered in the aggregate
 would not have a Material Adverse Effect (without giving effect to any qualifications as to materiality by reference to &#34;material&#34;
 &#34;Material Adverse Effect&#34;
 &#34;in all material respects&#34; or similar qualifications contained in such representations and warranties
 other than in the case of Section 3.2(u) (Financial Statements and Financial Controls) to the extent of the materiality qualifiers contained in such representation and warranty
 the definition of Material Contracts in Section 3.2(y) (Contracts) or Section&#160;3.2(w) (Material Adverse Change)). To the extent that a representation and warranty speaks only as of a specific date
 it only needs to be so true and correct as of that date
and Purchaser shall have received a certificate from Sellers
 confirming the foregoing
&#34;
 and together with the Individual Sellers' Closing Certificate
 At or prior to Closing
 Sellers shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Purchaser the following in form and substance satisfactory to Purchaser
a copy of the Escrow Agreement executed by Agent
 for and on behalf of the Sellers
certified copies of (i)&#160;the charter documents and by laws of Sellers and the Acquired Companies&#59; (ii)&#160;all required resolutions of the board of directors of Sellers
a certificate of status
 compliance
 good standing or like certificate with respect to corporate Sellers and the Acquired Companies issued by appropriate government officials of their respective jurisdictions of incorporation
Payoff Letters
an IRS Form W-8BEN
 W-8BEN-E
 W-8IMY or W-9 from each Seller
No court order initiated by any Person (other than Purchaser or Purchaser Parent) or any other legal restraint or prohibition issuable or issued by any Governmental Entity to enjoin
Between the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time
if any representation and warranty of Sellers in this Agreement fails to be true and correct such that any of the conditions set forth in Sections&#160;6.2(a)(i) or 6.2(a)(ii) would not be satisfied or if Sellers breach
 or fail to perform
 their&#47;its covenants or obligations contained in this Agreement
 in each case
 such that the condition set forth in Section&#160;6.2(a)(iii) would not be satisfied at the Closing (other than those conditions which by their nature are to be fulfilled by actions taken at Closing)
 and
 in each case
 such failure or breach either cannot be cured or continues uncured for 10 Business Days (or until the Termination Date
if any of the conditions set forth in Section&#160;6.2 (other than those conditions which by their nature are to be satisfied by actions taken at the Closing and other than those covered in Section&#160;6.3(a))
in each case
 provided
 however
If Purchaser waives compliance with any of the conditions
 obligations or covenants contained in this Agreement
 the waiver will be without prejudice to any of its rights of termination
 if any
 in the event of non-fulfillment
 non-observance or non-performance of any other condition
Subject to Section 6.4(b)
 upon termination of this Agreement by Purchaser pursuant to Section&#160;6.3
 Purchaser and Sellers shall be released from all of their respective obligations under this Agreement and there will be no liability on the part of any Party
 save and except for their respective obligations under Sections&#160;5.3 (Confidentiality)
 10.5 (Announcements)
 10.7&#160;(Expenses)
 and 10.17 (Governing Law) which will survive any termination of this Agreement
Notwithstanding Section 6.4(a)
 Sellers will only be released from their obligations and liabilities under this Agreement (other than their obligations and liabilities under Sections 6.4(a) (Effect of Termination)
 which will survive any termination of this Agreement) if the failed condition for which Purchaser has terminated this Agreement was not caused by a willful breach of this Agreement by Sellers. If the failed condition for which Purchaser has terminated this Agreement was caused by a willful breach of this Agreement by Sellers
 Purchaser's right of termination pursuant to Section 6.3 is in addition to any other rights it may have under this Agreement (including to seek indemnification for breaches
 defaults or violations of the representations
 warranties or covenants) or otherwise (including specific performance)
The purchase and sale of the Purchased Shares is subject to the following conditions to be fulfilled or performed prior to the Closing
 which conditions are for the exclusive benefit of Sellers and may be waived
 in whole or in part
 by Sellers
the representations and warranties of Purchaser contained in Sections 4.1(a) (Formation and Qualification)
 4.1(b) (Validity of Agreement)
 4.1(c) (Execution and Binding Obligation) and 4.1(i) (No Brokers)
 must be true and correct in all respects
 inaccuracies
 as of the Closing Date with the same force and effect as if such representations and warranties were made on and as of such date. To the extent that a representation and warranty speaks only as of a specific date
the other representations and warranties of Purchaser contained in this Agreement must be true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing Date with the same force and effect as if such representations and warranties were made on and as of such date
 provided that if a representation and warranty is qualified by materiality
the covenants contained in this Agreement to be performed by Purchaser on or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed in all material respects
and Sellers shall have received a certificate confirming the foregoing
 signed by a senior officer or director of Purchaser
 At or prior to Closing
 Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Agent (for and on behalf of Sellers) the following in form and substance satisfactory to Sellers
certified copies of (i)&#160;the charter documents and by laws of Purchaser
a certificate of status
 compliance
No court order initiated by any Person (other than Sellers) or any other legal restraint or prohibition issuable or issued by any Governmental Entity to enjoin
if any representation and warranty of Purchaser in this Agreement fails to be true and correct such that any of the conditions set forth in Sections&#160;6.5(a)(i) or 6.5(a)(ii) would not be satisfied or Purchaser breaches
 or fails to perform its covenants and obligations contained in this Agreement such that the condition set forth in Section&#160;6.5(a)(iii) would not be satisfied at the Closing (other than those conditions which by their nature are to be fulfilled by actions taken at Closing)
 and
 in each case
 such failure or breach either cannot be cured or continues uncured for 10 Business Days (or until the Termination Date
 if earlier) after the date on which Agent (for and on behalf of Sellers) provides Purchaser with written notice of such failure or breach
 except if Purchaser can reasonably expect to cure such failure or breach prior to the Termination Date (and Purchaser confirms in writing to Sellers that Purchaser is continuing to exercise reasonable best efforts to cause such failure or breach to be cured) Agent may not terminate this Agreement on account of such failure or breach prior to the Termination Date (and then
by the mutual written consent of Agent (for and on behalf of Sellers) and Purchaser
in each case
 provided
 however
If Agent (for and on behalf of Sellers) waives compliance with any of the conditions
 obligations or covenants contained in this Agreement
 the waiver will be without prejudice to any of their rights of termination in the event of non-fulfillment
 non-observance or non-performance of any other condition
Subject to Section 6.7(b)
 upon termination of this Agreement by Sellers pursuant to Section&#160;6.6
 Purchaser and Sellers shall be released from all of their respective obligations under this Agreement and there will be no liability on the part of any Party
Sections&#160;5.3 (Confidentiality)
 10.5 (Announcements)
 10.7&#160;(Expenses)
 and 10.17 (Governing Law) which will survive any termination of this Agreement
Notwithstanding Section 6.7(a)
 Purchaser will only be released from its obligations and liabilities under this Agreement (other than its obligations and liabilities under Sections 6.7(a) (Effect of Termination)
 which will survive any termination of this Agreement) if the failed condition for which Agent (for and on behalf of Sellers) has terminated this Agreement was not caused by a willful breach of this Agreement by Purchaser. If the failed condition for which Agent has terminated this Agreement was caused by a willful breach of this Agreement by Purchaser
 Sellers' right of termination pursuant to Section 6.6 is in addition to any other rights they may have under this Agreement (including to seek indemnification for breaches
 defaults or violations of the representations
 warranties or covenants) or otherwise (including specific performance)
Date
The completion of the transactions of purchase and sale contemplated by this Agreement shall take place at the offices of Stikeman Elliott LLP
 1155 Ren&#233;-L&#233;vesque Blvd. West
 Floor
 Montreal
 Qu&#233;bec
 Canada
 H3B 3V2
 at the Effective Time on the Closing Date or at such other place
 on such other date and at such other time as may be agreed upon in writing between Agent
 for on behalf of Sellers
 and Purchaser. Notwithstanding the previous sentence
 the Closing can take place virtually on the Closing Date by exchange of executed documents by facsimile
 electronic mail
courier and payment by wire transfer of immediately available funds
For a period of six years from Closing
 Purchaser shall maintain and make available to Sellers the Books and Records (or
 if practicable
 the relevant points thereof) for inspection and copying (at Sellers' expense
 provided that there shall be no mark-up of Purchaser's actual cost). If it is not practicable to make available only the relevant parts of such Books and Records
Each Party upon the request of the other
 whether at or after the Closing
 shall do
 execute
 acknowledge and deliver or cause to be done
 executed
 acknowledged or delivered all such further conveyances
Neither Purchaser
 nor any of the Acquired Companies shall file any amended Tax Return relating to any of the Acquired Companies with respect to taxable periods ending on or prior to the Closing Date that would have the effect of increasing the Tax liability of any Acquired Company in respect of a Pre-Closing Tax Period without a written consent of Agent
 for and on behalf of Sellers
 which consent shall not be unreasonably conditioned
 withheld or denied. If Purchaser or any of the Acquired Companies is required by Law to file an amended Tax Return for any Acquired Company (or otherwise change such Tax Returns) or make an election with respect to taxable periods or portions thereof ending on or prior to the Closing Date and the effect of filing such amended Tax Return or making such election would be to increase the Tax liability of any Acquired Company in respect of a Pre-Closing Tax Period
 Purchaser shall provide Sellers with a draft of such amended Tax Return 15 days prior to the due date (taking into account any extensions obtained) on which such amended return must be filed with the appropriate taxing authorities. Agent (for and on behalf of Sellers) shall have the right to review the draft of the Tax Returns provided to them by Purchaser and make any reasonable comments that they deem appropriate
 which comments shall be accepted by Purchaser. If Agent (for and on behalf of Sellers) objects to any item on any such Tax Return
or Straddle Period
 which Tax Returns must be prepared and filed on a timely basis and in accordance with applicable Law. Purchaser shall provide Agent (for and on behalf of Sellers) with a draft of such Tax Returns 30 days prior to the due date (taking into account any extensions obtained) for filing the Tax Returns with the appropriate taxing authorities. Agent (for and on behalf of Sellers) shall have the right to review the draft of the Tax Returns provided to them by Purchaser and make any reasonable comments that they deem appropriate
 which comments shall be accepted by Purchaser. If Agent (for and on behalf of Sellers) objects to any item on any such Tax Return
 it shall
 within 10 days after delivery of such Tax Return
 notify Purchaser in writing that it so objects
 specifying with reasonable particularity any such item and stating the specific factual or legal basis for any such objection. If a notice of objection is duly delivered
 Purchaser and Agent (for and on behalf of Sellers) shall negotiate in good faith and use their commercially reasonable efforts to resolve such items. If the Purchaser and Agent are unable to reach such agreement within 10 days after delivery of the notice of objection
 the disputed items shall be resolved by the Third Party Auditors and any determination by the Third Party Auditors shall be final. The Third Party Auditors shall resolve any disputed items within 10 days of having the item referred to them pursuant to such procedures as it may require. If the Third Party Auditors are unable to resolve any disputed items before the due date (taking into account any extensions obtained) for such Tax Return
 the Tax Return shall be filed as prepared by the Purchaser and then amended to reflect the Third Party Auditors' resolution. The costs
. Notwithstanding Section 8.3(b)
 if
 as a result of any past or present connection between any Acquired Company and any U.S. state or local taxing jurisdiction
 Purchaser
 acting in good faith
 determines that it is required to file a Tax Return in such U.S. state or local taxing jurisdiction for any Pre-Closing Tax Period
 Purchaser shall take such steps as are necessary to file such return and shall provide Agent (for and on behalf of Sellers) with a draft of such Tax Return 30 days prior to the due date (taking into account any extensions obtained) for filing the Tax Return (or
 in the case of a non-income Tax Return
 the times for review shall be appropriately adjusted to take into account the number of days from the end of the Tax period to the due date
 taking into account extensions
 of the Tax Return) with the appropriate taxing authorities. If Agent (for and on behalf of Sellers) objects to any item on any such Tax Return
. Other than amounts applied to reduce the quantum of any loss or monetary remedy payable by the insurers to the Purchaser pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Representation and Warranty Policy
 any refunds of Taxes (or credit for overpayment of Taxes) of any of the Acquired Companies
 including any interest actually received (or credited) with respect thereto
 from the applicable taxing authorities for any period ending on or before the Closing (including refunds arising from amended returns filed after the Closing Date) shall be for the account of Sellers and
 if received by (or credited to) Purchaser or any of the Acquired Companies shall be paid
and any reasonable out-of-pocket costs incurred in connection with such receipt
 to Sellers within 10 calendar days after Purchaser or any of the Acquired Companies receives such refund (or is credited with such over payment). At the request of Agent (for and on behalf of Sellers)
. Purchaser will cause the relevant Acquired Company to file the election described in subsection 110(1.1) of the Tax Act (and undertake the other procedures described therein) on a timely basis after the Closing Date so that the Optionholders are not prohibited from claiming the deduction under paragraph 110(1)(d) of the Tax Act in respect of the surrender of such Options in accordance with Section2.6(c)(i). Purchaser will also cause the relevant Acquired Company to issue amended remuneration statements for tax purposes in connection with the net amounts received by the Optionholders under Section 2.6(c)(i)
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement
 neither Purchaser
 nor any of the Acquired Companies shall
 without the written consent of Agent (for and on behalf of Sellers) make or change any Tax election that has retroactive effect to any taxation year
 or portion thereof
. Purchaser and Agent (for and on behalf of Sellers) shall cooperate
 to the extent reasonably requested by the other Party
 in connection with the filing of Tax Returns
 and any claim
 action
 suit
 audit or similar proceeding with respect to Taxes. Such cooperation shall include the retention and (upon the other Party's request) the provision of records and information that are reasonably relevant to any such Tax Return filing and&#47;or such claim
 action
 suit
 audit or similar proceeding with respect to Taxes and making employees available on a mutually convenient basis to provide additional information and explanation with respect to such records and information. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing
For a period of six years from and after the Closing Date
 Purchaser shall
 at its cost
In consideration of the benefits of this Agreement to SPC and in order to induce Purchaser to enter into this Agreement
 SPC hereby covenants and agrees with Purchaser that SPC shall not directly or indirectly to
 for a period of 18 months from the Closing Date
 offer employment to
 or solicit or have contact with
 for the purposes of soliciting the employment of
 any Person who is an employee of an Acquired Company at the time any contact is made with such Person for the purposes of such solicitation (each such Person
Notwithstanding the foregoing
 the restrictions set forth in this Section&#160;8.5 will not prohibit SPC from
 directly or indirectly&#58; (i) engaging in any general advertising or general solicitation (including by way of executive search firm) not targeted to Restricted Persons and hiring any Restricted Person that responds thereto
 (ii) participating in any third-party hiring fair or similar event open to the public
In consideration of the mutual benefits of this Agreement to the Parties and in order to induce the Parties to enter into this Agreement
 effective upon the Closing
 each of the Sellers and Purchaser
 on behalf of itself and its Affiliates (other than
 in the case of the Sellers
 the Acquired Companies)
 successors
 assigns
 spouse and next of kin (collectively
&#34;)
 hereby irrevocably waives
 releases and discharges Purchaser
 in the case of Sellers and their Releasing Parties
 and Sellers
 in the case of Purchaser and its Releasing Parties
 and each of their respective predecessors
 successors
 Affiliates and lenders (including
 in the case of Sellers and their Releasing Parties
 the Acquired Companies) (collectively
&#34;)
 from any and all liabilities
 disputes
 claims
 losses
 actions
 causes of actions and obligations of any kind or nature whatsoever
 in each case whether absolute or contingent
 liquidated or unliquidated
 known or unknown
 and whether arising under any agreement or understanding or otherwise at Law or in equity
 that such Releasing Party has
 or may have at the Closing or at any time thereafter
 for or by reason of or in any way arising out of any cause
 matter or thing whatsoever existing up to the Closing
 and each Releasing Party agrees that he
 she or it shall not seek to recover any amounts in connection therewith or thereunder from Purchaser and its applicable Released Parties
 in the case of Sellers and their Releasing Parties
 and Sellers and their applicable Released Parties
 in the case of Purchaser and its Releasing Parties&#59; provided
 however
 that the waiver
 release and discharge contained in this Section 8.6 shall not apply to (i) the Parties' rights under the terms of this Agreement or any certificate or instrument delivered in connection herewith or any transaction contemplated hereby
 (ii) any claims that are unrelated in any way to the Acquired Companies
Without limiting Purchaser's recourse in the case of actual and intentional fraud
 the representations and warranties contained in this Agreement
 the Purchaser's Closing Certificate
 and Sellers' Closing Certificate shall not survive Closing
 other than pertaining to&#58; (i) Individual and Corporation Fundamental Representations and Corporation Fundamental Representations
 which survive the Closing and shall remain in full force and effect until the sixth anniversary of the Closing Date
 and (ii) Section&#160;3.2(ee) (Tax Matters)
 which shall survive the Closing and shall remain in full force and effect until 60 days following the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations and any extensions thereof granted prior to the Closing or with the prior written consent of the Agent (not to be unreasonably withheld
 conditioned or delayed). The covenants and agreements of Sellers and Purchaser contained in this Agreement that are required to be performed or fulfilled (a)&#160;at or prior to the Closing shall terminate at
 and not survive
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section&#160;9.1
Subject to the limitations set out in Sections&#160;9.4 and 9.5
 each Seller shall
 severally and not jointly or jointly and severally
 indemnify and save Purchaser harmless of and from any Damages suffered by
 imposed upon or asserted against Purchaser as a result of
 in respect of
 connected with
 or arising out of
 under
Subject to the limitations set out in Sections&#160;9.4 and 9.5
 each Seller shall
 severally and not jointly or jointly and severally with each other Seller
 indemnify and save Purchaser harmless of and from any Damages suffered by
 imposed upon or asserted against Purchaser as a result of
 in respect of
 connected with
 or arising out of
 under
the Class Action Suit
any legal or administrative action or claim pursuant to or under any Environmental Law commenced by any third party
 including any Governmental Entity
 to or against any Acquired Company in connection with the presence of Hazardous Materials in the soil and&#47;or groundwater as a result of the use of the oil&#47;water separator in the garage&#47;truck bay at the Leased Property located at 4455 North Service Road
 Burlington
the removal
 replacement and&#47;or sealing of the oil&#47;water separator in the garage&#47;truck bay at the Leased Property located at 4455 North Service Road
 Burlington
 Ontario&#59; and any investigation and remediation of the presence of Hazardous Materials in the soil and&#47;or groundwater above the applicable standards (as set out in of the Ontario Ministry of Environment
 Conservation and Parks publication &#34;Soil
 Ground Water and Sediment Standards for Use Under Part XV.1 of the Environmental Protection Act&#34; April 15
Subject to Section&#160;9.4
 Purchaser shall indemnify and save Sellers harmless of and from any Damages suffered by
 imposed upon or asserted against Sellers as a result of
 in respect of
 connected with
 or arising out of
Subject to Section 9.1
Sections 9.2(a)(i) through (iii)
 inclusive
 9.2(b)(i) through (iv)
 inclusive
Section 9.2(b)(v) shall survive the Closing until 60 days following the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations and any extensions thereof granted prior to the Closing or with the prior written consent of the Agent (not to be unreasonably withheld
Following Closing
 a Party has no obligation or liability for indemnification or otherwise with respect to any breach or inaccuracy of any representation or warranty in this Agreement
 the Purchaser's Closing Certificate
 or the Sellers' Closing Certificate
 or any failure to perform or fulfil any covenants or obligations
The covenants and agreements of each Seller and the obligations of each Seller to indemnify Purchaser for any breaches of such covenants
 agreements
 representations and warranties in Section 9.2(a) are given by such Seller with respect to itself only. Accordingly
 each Seller will be solely liable for any failure to perform or fulfil any of its own covenants or any breach or inaccuracy of its own agreements
 representations and warranties in Section 9.2(a) with respect to itself only
The covenants and agreements of each Seller and the obligations of each Seller to indemnify Purchaser for any breaches of such covenants
 agreements
 representations and warranties in Sections 9.2(b) are given severally by each Seller with the other Sellers in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Accordingly
 each Seller in breach of such covenants
 agreements
 representations and warranties in Section 9.2(b) is severally liable for the amount of Damages for any such breach only up to such Seller's Allocable Portion of such Damages
 to the extent
 and subject to the additional limitations
Purchaser shall take all reasonable steps to mitigate its Damages upon and after becoming aware of any event which would reasonably be expected to give rise to any Damages
 including if a claim may be reduced by any recovery under or pursuant to any insurance coverage
 including pursuant to the Representation and Warranty Policy
 or through the claiming of Canadian foreign tax credits
 to the extent permitted by applicable Law
 for any non-Canadian income taxes reassessed for a Pre-Closing Tax Period or Straddle Period. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary
 any indemnification obligation of Sellers for Damages pursuant to Section 9.2 shall be satisfied (A) in the case of a claim pursuant to 9.2(b)(vii)
 first by Purchaser making a claim for such Damages against the landlord pursuant to the Leased Property located at 4455 North Service Road
 Burlington
 Ontario
 (B)&#160;in the case of any claim other than pursuant to 9.2(b)(vii)
 first
 or in the event Purchaser has exhausted its recovery pursuant to Section 9.5(c)(A) in the case of a claim pursuant to 9.2(b)(vii)
 second
the relevant time under the Representation and Warranty Policy
 and (C)&#160;finally
 if the Representation and Warranty Policy has been exhausted or coverage thereunder is unavailable (other than as a result of the fault or failure to act of Purchaser or its Affiliates)
 then Purchaser shall be entitled to make a claim for such Damages against the Escrow Indemnity Amount. Subject to the terms and conditions contained herein (including this Section 9.5) and only in the event that (x) the Representation and Warranty Policy has been exhausted or coverage thereunder is unavailable (other than as a result of the fault or failure to act of Purchaser or its Affiliates)
 and (y) there are no funds remaining in the Escrow Indemnity Amount
 Purchaser may at such point seek to recover Damages indemnifiable pursuant to Section 9.2
 from the applicable Sellers
The maximum liability of each Seller for Damages based on claims pursuant to Sections 9.2(a) and 9.2(b) (other than Sections 9.2(b)(vii) and 9.2(b)(viii)) shall be limited to the lesser of (i)&#160;such Seller's Allocable Portion of such Damages and (ii)&#160;such Seller's Allocable Portion of the Purchase Price
 in each case
 less any Damages paid by such Seller to Purchaser pursuant hereto. The maximum aggregate liability of Sellers for Damages based on claims pursuant to (A) Section 9.2(b)(vii) shall be limited to $500
000
 and (B) Section 9.2(b)(viii) shall be limited to $100
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement
 Purchaser shall be entitled to make a claim for Damages against the Escrow Indemnity Amount without regard to several liability of the Sellers
For purposes of this Article 9
 any breach or inaccuracy of any representation or warranty or Damages calculated in respect of such breach or inaccuracy of any representation or warranty shall be determined without regard to any materiality
&#34;)
 provided
 however
 that the Materiality Scrape will not apply to the representations and warranties set out in Section 3.2(u) (Financial Statements and Financial Controls) to the extent materiality qualifiers are contained in ASPE
 the definition of Material Contracts in Section 3.2(y) (Contracts) or Section 3.2(w) (Material Adverse Change)
 nor will the Materiality Scrape affect the materiality qualifications or limitations applicable to the conditions set out in Sections 6.2(a) and 6.4(a). The amount of the Damages suffered by Purchaser shall be reduced to the extent of any Tax benefit available to Purchaser arising in connection with the accrual
Promptly upon obtaining knowledge thereof
&#34;) of any cause which the Indemnified Party has determined has given rise to indemnification under this Article&#160;9
 provided that no failure to provide such notice promptly
 unless the notification occurs after the expiration of the specified period set out in Section&#160;9.1
 shall limit the rights of the Indemnified Party or Parties to indemnification hereunder in respect of any such facts
 circumstances or cause
extent that the Indemnifying Party has actually been prejudiced thereby. No claim may be asserted nor may any action be commenced against an Indemnifying Party for breach of any representation
 warranty or covenant
 contained herein
 unless such written notice of such claim or action is received by the Indemnifying Party describing in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances with respect to the subject matter of such claim or action on or prior to the date on which the representation
 warranty or covenant on which such claim or action is based ceases to survive as set forth in this Agreement
&#34;)
 then the Indemnifying Party shall have the right
 at its expense
 after receipt of the Indemnified Party's notice under Section 9.7 and upon giving notice to the Indemnified Party within 20&#160;Business Days of such receipt
the Third Party Claim at its own cost and expense with counsel of its own selection
the Indemnifying Party irrevocably and unconditionally acknowledges in writing complete responsibility for
 and agrees to indemnify the Indemnified Party in respect of all Damages relating to the Third Party Claim
 subject to the limitations set forth in this Article&#160;9
the Indemnifying Party furnishes evidence to the Indemnified Party whenever required by the Indemnified Party
 which is satisfactory to the Indemnified Party
 acting reasonably
provided that
 notwithstanding the foregoing
If the Indemnifying Party fails within 20 Business Days from receipt of the notice of a Third Party Claim to give notice of its intention to defend the Third Party Claim in accordance with Section&#160;9.8
 then the Indemnifying Party shall be deemed to have waived its right to defend the Third Party Claim and the Indemnified Party shall have the right (but not the obligation) to undertake or to cause the Indemnifying Party to undertake the defence of the Third Party Claim and compromise and settle the Third Party Claim on behalf
 for the account and at the risk and expense of the Indemnifying Party
 provided that such Third Party Claim may not be settled or compromised by the Indemnified Party without the prior written consent of the Indemnifying Party
 such consent not to be unreasonably withheld
If
 having elected to assume control of the defense of a Third Party Claim as contemplated by Section 9.8(a)
negotiation
 settlement or defense of such Third Party Claim with reasonable diligence
Where the defence of a Third Party Claim is being undertaken and controlled by the Indemnifying Party
 the Indemnified Party will use its commercially reasonable efforts to make available to the Indemnifying Party those employees whose assistance
With respect to any Third Party Claim
 the Indemnified Party shall make available to the Indemnifying Party or its representatives on a timely basis all documents
 records and other materials in the possession of the Indemnified Party
Any amounts payable by or to Principal Sellers under this Article&#160;9 shall be deemed to be adjustments to the Purchase Price and any amounts payable by or to Optionholders under this Article 9 shall be deemed to be adjustments to the &#34;in-the-money&#34; value of the Options
Except pursuant to Section 10.3 and except for the rights of the Purchaser under the Representation and Warranty Policy
 the Parties agree that (a) following the Closing
 the indemnification provisions of Article&#160;9 shall be the sole and exclusive remedies of the Parties
 and (b)&#160;notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary
 no breach of any representation
 warranty
 covenant or agreement contained herein shall give rise to any right on the part of any Party
 after the Closing
&#34;) to act as its counsel in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Purchaser agrees that
 in the event that a dispute arises after Closing between the Parties
SE may represent Sellers in such dispute even though the interests of Sellers may be directly adverse to Purchaser or Corporation
 and even though SE may have represented Corporation in a matter substantially related to such dispute
handling ongoing matters for Purchaser or Corporation. Purchaser further agrees that
 as to all communications among SE
 Corporation
 and Sellers that relate in any way to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
 the attorney or solicitor-client privilege and the expectation of client confidence belongs to Sellers and may be controlled by Sellers and will not pass to or be claimed by Purchaser or Corporation. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 in the event that a dispute arises between Purchaser or Corporation and a third party other than a Party after the Closing
 Corporation may assert the attorney or solicitor-client privilege on behalf of Sellers to prevent disclosure of confidential communications by SE to such third party&#59; provided
 however
Any notice
2727939 Ontario Inc. c&#47;o Hostess Brands
Kansas City
Hostess Brands
Kansas City
b)&#160;if to Sellers
550 Hills Drive
Bedminster
Montreal
Any such communication shall be deemed to have been validly and effectively given (i)&#160;if personally delivered
 on the date of such delivery if such date is a Business Day and such delivery was made prior to 4&#58;00&#160;p.m. (Toronto time) and otherwise on the next Business Day
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary
 each Party agrees that the other would suffer irreparable damage in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement are not performed by such Party in accordance with the terms hereof or are otherwise breached by it
 and that monetary damages
 even if available
 may not be an adequate remedy
 and that either Party shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions or declaration or declarations in any court of competent jurisdiction to compel specific performance by the other Party of its obligations under this Agreement and to prevent breaches or threatened breaches of the provisions of this Agreement by the other Party
 in addition to any other remedy available to the Parties at law or equity. No Party shall be required to prove actual harm or provide or post any bond or other security in connection with any such injunction
 specific performance or other equitable relief
 including on the basis that the other Party has an adequate remedy at law or that any injunction or injunctions
Until such time as the transactions contemplated hereby become publicly disclosed
 and except for reference to such transactions in marketing materials prepared by a Seller and consented to by Purchaser
 no Party nor their respective representatives will make any public disclosure concerning the matters set forth in this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby without the prior consent of Agent
 in the case of disclosure by Purchaser
 or Purchaser and Agent
 in the case of disclosure by any Seller
 except if required for legal
Other than as set forth in the immediately succeeding sentence
 the Parties intend that this Agreement shall not benefit or create any right or cause of action in
 or on behalf of
 any Person other than the Parties to this Agreement and no Person
 other than the Parties to this Agreement shall be entitled to rely on the provisions of this Agreement in any action
 suit
 proceeding
 hearing or other forum. No entity that has committed to provide or arrange or otherwise entered into agreements in connection with any financings by the Purchaser or its Affiliates in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby (together with their respective Affiliates
 and their and their respective Affiliates' officers
 directors
 employees
 agents and representatives and their respective successors and assigns
will have any liability to the Sellers or their respective Affiliates relating to or arising out of this Agreement
 any such financing or otherwise
 whether at law
 or equity
 in contract
 in tort or otherwise
Except as otherwise set forth herein
 each Seller shall pay for its own fees and expenses incident to the negotiation
 preparation and execution of this Agreement and the agreements contemplated hereby
 including legal and accounting fees and expenses in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Except as otherwise set forth herein
 Purchaser shall pay for its own fees and expenses incident to the negotiation
 preparation and execution of this Agreement and the agreements contemplated hereby
In order to administer efficiently the determination of certain matters under this Agreement
&#34;) its respective mandate to act as each such Seller's agent with respect to all matters under this Agreement
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing
 Agent has full power and authority to make all decisions and take all actions relating to Sellers' respective rights
 obligations and remedies under this Agreement including to receive and make payments
 to receive and send notices (including notices of termination)
 to receive and deliver documents
 to exercise
 enforce or waive rights or conditions
 to give releases and discharges
 to seek indemnification on behalf of Sellers and to defend against indemnification claims of Purchaser. All decisions and actions taken by Agent are binding upon all Sellers
 and no Seller has the right to object
 dissent
Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else contained in this Agreement
Purchaser is entitled to deal only with Agent in respect of all matters arising under this Agreement including to receive and make payments
 to receive and send notices (including notices of termination)
 to receive and deliver documents
 to exercise
 enforce or waive rights or conditions
 to give releases and discharges
All references in this Agreement to decisions and actions to be taken by Sellers or any one of them
 as the case may be
 are deemed taken by Sellers or any one of them
 as the case may be
any one of them
 as the case may be
 are deemed directed to Sellers or any one of them
 as the case may be
In no event will Purchaser be held responsible or liable for the application or allocation of any monies paid to Agent by Purchaser
 and Purchaser will be entitled to rely upon any notice provided to Purchaser by Agent or action taken by Agent acting within the scope of its authority. All monies received by Agent hereunder for the account of Sellers shall be held by Agent in trust for Sellers and shall be paid to Sellers
 to each to Seller to the extent entitled thereto hereunder or for the account of whom such monies are held
Notwithstanding the foregoing
 no payment
 notice
 receipt or delivery of documents
 exercise
 enforcement or waiver of rights or conditions
 indemnification claim or indemnification or a principal defence will be ineffective by reason only of it having been made or given to or by a Seller
 as the case may be
This Agreement may only be amended
 supplemented or otherwise modified by written agreement signed by Purchaser and Sellers
Subject to Section 10.8(c)
 no waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute a waiver of any other provision (whether or not similar)
 nor shall such waiver be binding unless executed in writing by Agent (for and on behalf of Sellers) or by Purchaser
No failure on the part of any Party to exercise
Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement
 the covenants
 representations and warranties shall not merge on and shall survive the Closing and
 notwithstanding such Closing and any investigation made by or on behalf of any Party
This Agreement together with the agreements referred to herein constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the transactions contemplated in this Agreement and supersedes all prior agreements
 understandings
 negotiations and discussions
 whether oral or written
 of the Parties. There are no representations
 warranties
 covenants
 conditions or other agreements
 express or implied
 collateral
 statutory or otherwise
 between the Parties in connection with the subject matter of this Agreement except as specifically set forth herein and neither Party has relied or is relying on any other information
Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights or obligations under this Agreement shall be assignable or transferable by either Party without the prior written consent of the other Party
 provided that (i) Purchaser may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement at any time
 in whole or in part
If any provision of this Agreement shall be determined by an arbitrator or any court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal
 invalid or unenforceable
 that provision shall be severed from this Agreement and the remaining provisions shall continue in full force and effect.
SPC Partners V
Swander Pace Capital V
SPC Management V
Pacific Street Fund III
 Pacific Street BP III
PPM America Private Equity Fund V
PPM America Capital Partners V
HOSTESS BRANDS
 LLC











The following summary of the material terms of the securities of Hostess Brands
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221; or &#8220;we&#8221;) is not intended to be a complete summary of the rights and preferences of such securities. We urge you to read our certificate of incorporation and the Warrant Agreement (as defined below) in their entirety for a complete description of the rights and preferences of our securities. This summary is qualified in its entirety by such certificate of incorporation and Warrant Agreement
The Company (f&#47;k&#47;a Gores Holdings
 Inc.) was originally incorporated in Delaware on June 1
 2015 as a special purpose acquisition company
 or a SPAC
 formed for the purpose of effecting a merger
 capital stock exchange
 asset acquisition
 stock purchase
 reorganization
 or other similar business combination with one or more target businesses. On August 19
 2015
 the Company consummated its initial public offering (the &#8220;IPO&#8221;)
 following which its shares began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market (&#8220;NASDAQ&#8221;). On November 4
 2016 (the &#8220;Closing Date&#8221;)
 in a transaction referred to as the &#8220;Business Combination
&#8221; Gores Holdings
 Inc. acquired a controlling interest in Hostess Holdings
 L.P. (&#8220;Hostess Holdings&#8221;)
 an entity owned indirectly by C. Dean Metropoulos
 and certain equity funds managed by affiliates of Apollo Global Management
 LLC (&#8220;Apollo&#8221;). Hostess Holdings had acquired the Hostess brand and certain strategic assets out of the bankruptcy liquidation proceedings of its prior owner
 free and clear of all past liabilities
 in April 2013
Our certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of 261
000
000 shares of capital stock
 consisting of (i) 260
000
000 shares of common stock
 including 200
000
000 shares of Class A common stock
 $0.0001 par value per share (&#8220;Class A Common Stock&#8221;)
 50
000
000 shares of Class B Common Stock
 $0.0001 par value per share (&#8220;Class B Common Stock&#8221;)
 and 10
000
000 shares of Class F Common Stock
 $0.001 par value per share (&#8220;Class F Common Stock&#8221; and
 together with the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock
 &#8220;Common Stock&#8221;) and (ii) 1
000
000 shares of preferred stock
 par value $0.0001 per share. The outstanding shares of our Common Stock are duly authorized
 validly issued
 fully paid and non-assessable. As of February 21
 2020
 there were 130
626
895 shares of Common Stock outstanding
 held of record by approximately fifteen holders of Common Stock
 including 123
186
308 shares of Class A Common Stock and 7
440
587 shares of Class B Common Stock
 no shares of Class F Common Stock and no shares of preferred stock outstanding and 56
499
440 warrants outstanding held of record by approximately five holders of warrants
 including 48
452
804 Public Warrants (as defined below) and 8
046
The Class B Common Stock may only be issued to and held by CDM Hostess Class C
 LLC
 a Delaware series limited liability company controlled by our Chairman
 C. Dean Metropoulos (&#8220;CDM Hostess&#8221;)
 Hostess CDM Co-Invest
 LLC
 a Delaware series limited liability company controlled by Mr. Metropoulos (&#8220;Hostess CDM Co-Invest&#8221;)
 CDM HB Holdings
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company controlled by Mr. Metropoulos (&#8220;CDM HB Holdings&#8221; and
 together with CDM Hostess
 Hostess CDM Co-Invest and Mr. Metropoulos
 the &#8220;CDM Holders&#8221;) and their respective permitted transferees and any other transferee of Class B units (&#8220;Class B Units&#8221;) of Hostess Holdings (to the extent permitted by the limited partnership agreement of Hostess Holdings then in effect) (collectively
 the &#8220;Permitted Holders&#8221;). At any time Hostess Holdings issues a Class B Unit to a Permitted Holder
 the Company will issue a share of Class B Common Stock to such Permitted Holder. Upon the conversion or cancellation of any Class B Units pursuant to the Exchange Agreement
 dated as of the Closing Date
 by the Company
 Hostess Holdings
 the CDM Holders and such other holders of Class B Units from time to time party thereto (the &#8220;Exchange Agreement&#8221;)
Except as otherwise required by law or as otherwise provided in any certificate of designation for any series of preferred stock
Holders of Class A Common Stock will be entitled to receive such dividends and other distributions
 if any
Liquidation
In the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation
 dissolution
 distribution of assets or winding-up of the post-combination company
 the holders of the Class A Common Stock will be entitled to receive an equal amount per share of all of our assets of whatever kind available for distribution to stockholders
 after the rights of the holders of the preferred stock
 if any
Our Board is currently divided into three classes
 Class I
 Class II and Class III
 with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class serving a three-year term. Class I directors will serve until the 2020 annual meeting
 Class II directors will serve until the 2021 annual meeting and Class III directors will serve until the 2022 annual meeting. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors
Our certificate of incorporation provides that shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors is authorized to fix the voting rights
 if any
 designations
 powers
 preferences
 the relative
 participating
 optional or other special rights and any qualifications
 limitations and restrictions thereof
 applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors is able
 without stockholder approval
 to issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the Common Stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying
 deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preferred stock outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any shares of preferred stock
The warrants included in the units issued in the IPO are referred to as &#8220;Public Warrants&#8221;. Each Public Warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one-half of one share of our Class A Common Stock at a price of $5.75 per half share
 subject to adjustment as discussed below. For example
 if a warrant holder holds two Public Warrants
such Public Warrants are exercisable for one share of the company&#8217;s Class A Common Stock. Public Warrants must be exercised for a whole share. The Public Warrants will expire November 4
 2021 (i.e.
 five years after the completion of the Business Combination)
 at 5&#58;00 p.m.
 New York City time
We are not obligated to deliver any shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to the exercise of a Public Warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &#8220;Securities Act&#8221;) with respect to the shares of Class A Common Stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current
 subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration. No Public Warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis
 and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their Public Warrants
 unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder
 or an exemption is available. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a Public Warrant
 the holder of such Public Warrant will not be entitled to exercise such Public Warrant and such Public Warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants
The issuance of the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants has been registered on a registration statement under the Securities Act. We will use our best efforts to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement
 and a current prospectus relating thereto
 until the expiration of the Public Warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. Notwithstanding the above
 if our Class A Common Stock is at the time of any exercise of a Public Warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a &#8220;covered security&#8221; under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act
 we may
 at our option
 require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their Public Warrants to do so a &#8220;cashless basis&#8221; in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and
 in the event we so elect
 we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement
Once the Public Warrants become exercisable
  &#160;&#8226;&#160; &#160;if
 and only if
If and when the Public Warrants become redeemable by us
We have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the Public Warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the Public Warrants
 each Public Warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his
 her or its Public Warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However
If we call the Public Warrants for redemption as described above
 our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise his
 her or its Public Warrant to do so on a &#8220;cashless basis.&#8221; In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their Public Warrants on a &#8220;cashless basis
&#8221; our management will consider
 among other factors
 our cash position
 the number of Public Warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of Class A Stock issuable upon the exercise of our Public Warrant. If we take advantage of this option
surrendering their Public Warrants for that number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock underlying the Public Warrant
 multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the Public Warrant and the &#8220;fair market value&#8221; (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The &#8220;fair market value&#8221; shall mean the average reported last sale price of the Class A Common Stock for the ten trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of Public Warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option
 the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of shares of Class A Common Stock to be received upon exercise of the Public Warrants
 including the &#8220;fair market value&#8221; in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe this feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the Public Warrants. If we call our Public Warrants for redemption and we do not take advantage of this option
 holders of Private Warrants would still be entitled to exercise their Private Warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that other Public Warrant holders would have been required to use had all Public Warrant holders been required to exercise their Public Warrant on a cashless basis
A holder of a Public Warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such Public Warrant
 to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise
 such person (together with such person&#8217;s affiliates)
 to the warrant agent&#8217;s actual knowledge
If the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Class A Common Stock
 or by a split-up of shares of Class A Common Stock or other similar event
 then
 on the effective date of such stock dividend
 split-up or similar event
 the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable on exercise of each Public Warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock. A rights offering to holders of Class A Common Stock entitling holders to purchase shares of Class A Common Stock at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a stock dividend of a number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Class A Common Stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A Common Stock) multiplied by (ii) one minus the quotient of (x) the price per share of Class A Common Stock paid in such rights offering divided by (y) the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A Common Stock
 in determining the price payable for Class A Common Stock
 there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights
 as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted average price of Class A Common Stock as reported during the ten trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the shares of Class A Common Stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market
 regular way
In addition
 if we
 at any time while the Public Warrants are outstanding and unexpired
 pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash
 securities or other assets to the holders of Class A Common Stock on account of such shares of Class A Common Stock (or other shares of our capital stock into which the Public Warrants are convertible)
 other than (a) as described above
 (b) certain ordinary cash dividends
 or (c) certain other limited exceptions
 then the Public Warrant exercise price will be decreased
 effective immediately after the effective date of such event
If the number of outstanding shares of our Class A Common Stock is decreased by a consolidation
 combination
 reverse stock split or reclassification of shares of Class A Common Stock or other similar event
 then
 on the effective date of such consolidation
 combination
 reverse stock split
 reclassification or similar event
Whenever the number of shares of Class A Common Stock purchasable upon the exercise of the Public Warrants is adjusted
 as described above
 the Public Warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the Public Warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of shares of Class A Common Stock purchasable upon the exercise of the Public Warrants immediately prior to such adjustment
In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such shares of Class A Common Stock)
 or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock)
 or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved
 the holders of the Public Warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive
 upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the Public Warrants and in lieu of the shares of our Class A Common Stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby
 the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification
 reorganization
 merger or consolidation
 or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer
 that the holder of the Public Warrants would have received if such holder had exercised its Public Warrants immediately prior to such event. However
 if such holders were entitled to exercise a right of election as to the kind or amount of securities
 cash or other assets receivable upon such consolidation or merger
 then the kind and amount of securities
 cash or other assets for which each Public Warrant will become exercisable will be deemed to be the weighted average of the kind and amount received per share by such holders in such consolidation or merger that affirmatively make such election
 and if a tender
 exchange or redemption offer has been made to and accepted by such holders under circumstances in which
 upon completion of such tender or exchange offer
 the maker thereof
 together with members of any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;)) of which such maker is a part
 and together with any affiliate or associate of such maker (within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) and any members of any such group of which any such affiliate or associate is a part
 own beneficially (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock
 the holder of a Public Warrant will be entitled to receive the highest amount of cash
 securities or other property to which such holder would actually have been entitled as a stockholder if such Public Warrant holder had exercised the Public Warrant prior to the expiration of such tender or exchange offer
 accepted such offer and all of the Class A Common Stock held by such holder had been purchased pursuant to such tender or exchange offer
 subject to adjustments (from and after the consummation of such tender or exchange offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments provided for in the Warrant Agreement
 dated as of August 13
 2015
 by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer &#38; Trust Company
 as warrant agent (the &#8220;Warrant Agreement&#8221;). Additionally
 if less than seventy percent (70%) of the consideration receivable by the holders of Class A Common Stock in such a transaction is payable in the form of Class A Common Stock in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market
 or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event
 and if the registered holder of the Public Warrant properly exercises the Public Warrant within 30 days following public disclosure of such transaction
The Warrant Agreement provides that the terms of the Public Warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision
The Public Warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the Public Warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the Public Warrant agent
 with the exercise form on the reverse side of the Public Warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated
 accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis
 if applicable)
 by certified or official bank check payable to us
exercised. The Public Warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A Common Stock and any voting rights until they exercise their Public Warrants and receive shares of Class A Common Stock. After the issuance of shares of Class A Common Stock upon exercise of the Public Warrants
Public Warrants may be exercised only for a whole number of shares of Class A Common Stock. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. If
 upon exercise of the Public Warrants
 a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share
 we will
 upon exercise
Gores Sponsor LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company (the &#8220;Sponsor&#8221;) purchased 19
000
000 warrants at a price of $0.50 per warrant for an aggregate purchase price of $9
500
000 in a private placement that occurred prior to the IPO. Such warrants are referred to as the &#8220;Private Warrants&#8221;.  The Private Warrants will not be redeemable by us so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. Otherwise
 the Private Warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the Public Warrants. At the closing of the Business Combination
 our Sponsor transferred 2
000
000 Private Warrants to Mr. Metropoulos. If the Private Warrants are held by holders other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees
If holders of the Private Warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis
 they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his
 her or its warrants for that number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock underlying the warrants
We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings
 if any
 capital requirements and general financial condition. The payment of any cash dividends is within the discretion of our board of directors. In addition
 our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further
The transfer agent for our Common Stock and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer &#38; Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer &#38; Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent
 its agents and each of its stockholders
 directors
 officers and employees against all liabilities
 including judgments
 costs and reasonable counsel fees that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity
 except for any liability due to any gross negligence
Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law
We have &#8220;opted out&#8221; of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law
 which we refer to as &#8220;Section 203
&#8221; regulating corporate takeovers. Instead
 our certificate of incorporation contains a provision that is substantially similar to Section 203
 but excludes our Sponsor
 Apollo and the CDM Holders
 each of their successors
Section 203 prevents certain Delaware corporations
 under certain circumstances
 &#160;&#8226;&#160; an associate of an interested stockholder
A &#8220;business combination&#8221; includes a merger or sale of more than ten percent (10%) of our assets. However
 &#160;&#8226;&#160; our board of directors approves the transaction that made the stockholder an &#8220;interested stockholder
 &#160;&#8226;&#160; after the completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder
 that stockholder owned at least eighty-five percent (85%) of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced
 &#160;&#8226;&#160; on or subsequent to the date of the transaction
 the business combination is approved by our Board and authorized at a meeting of our stockholders
 and not by written consent
Our certificate of incorporation provides that our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors. As a result
 in most circumstances
In addition
 our certificate of incorporation does not provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors. Our board of directors is empowered to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors or the resignation
 death
Our authorized but unissued Common Stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes
 including future offerings to raise additional capital
 acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved Common Stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest
 tender offer
 merger or otherwise.











Hostess Holdings
Hostess Holdings
 GP
Direct and Indirect Subsidiaries of Hostess Holdings
Percent Owned directly or indirectly by Hostess Holdings
New Hostess Holdco
Hostess Holdco
HB Holdings
Hostess Brands
Hostess Brands Services
HB Holdings (RE)
New HB Acquisition (RE)
2727939 Ontario
 Inc.











Hostess Brands
We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements No. 333-214603 and No. 333-219149 on Form S-3 and No. 333-215487 on Form S-8 of Hostess Brands
 Inc. of our report dated February 26
 2020
 with respect to the consolidated balance sheets of Hostess Brands
 Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 the related consolidated statements of operations
 comprehensive income
 stockholders&#8217; equity
 and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31
 2019
 and the related notes
 and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2019
 which report appears in the December 31
 2019 annual report on Form 10-K of Hostess Brands
Kansas City
February 26
 2020











I
 Andrew P. Callahan
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;1.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K of Hostess Brands
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;2.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;3.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;    c)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;d)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;5.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record
 process
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Any fraud
 whether or not material
Date&#58; February 26
 2020











I
 Brain T. Purcell
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;  1.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K of Hostess Brands
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;2.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;3.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;    c)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;d)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;5.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record
 process
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Any fraud
 whether or not material
Date&#58; February 26
Executive Vice President
 Chief Financial Officer











In connection with the Annual Report of Hostess Brands
&#160;Inc.
 (the &#34;Company&#34;) on Form&#160;10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2019 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#34;Report&#34;)
 I
 Andrew P. Callahan
 President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 certify
 based on my knowledge
 pursuant to 18&#160;U.S.C. Section&#160;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&#160;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;(2)&#160;&#160;&#160;The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
Date&#58; February 26
This certification accompanies the Report to which it relates
 is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form&#160;10-K)
 irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.











In connection with the Annual Report of Hostess Brands
&#160;Inc.
 (the &#34;Company&#34;) on Form&#160;10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2019 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#34;Report&#34;)
 I
 Brian T. Purcell
 Executive Vice President
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 based on my knowledge
 pursuant to 18&#160;U.S.C. Section&#160;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&#160;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;(2)&#160;&#160;&#160;The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
Date&#58; February 26
Executive Vice President
This certification accompanies the Report to which it relates
 is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form&#160;10-K)
 irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.






















































































































        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    
    




    
    










    
    


    
    


    




    

 Maturities











    

 Amortization Expense



    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    



 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    
    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    
    


    
    




    
    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    










    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Property
 Plant









    






    
    


    
    


    

 Unamortized Discount (Premium) and Debt Issuance Costs



    
    







 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    





 Option
 Granted in Period


 Option
 Granted in Period



    

 Options
 Exercises in Period



    
    


    




    

 Cash Flow Hedge
 Gain (Loss)
 after Reclassification



    





 Options
 Exercisable



    
    


    
    


    

 Interest Rate



    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    






    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Payments Payable


 Payments Payable



    

 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments



    




    
    










    
    
    



 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment











    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures



    




    
    


    
    





 Excluding Workers Compensation Reserve and Bonuses


 Excluding Workers Compensation Reserve and Bonuses



    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Options
 Nonvested Options Forfeited



    
    








    
    
    


    
    

 Cash Equivalents



    






    
    


    
    




    
    


    




    




    
    
    
    





 Options
 Exercisable



    







 Shares
 Restricted Stock Award






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period


 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period



    
    


    




    




    




    

 Nonvested Award
 Excluding Option
 Cost Not yet Recognized



    




    
    
    


    

 Options



    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    

 Stock Options



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period



    
    


    






    
    




    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    












    
    


    
    







 Options
 Exercisable


 Options
 Exercisable



    
    

 Options
 Outstanding



    

 Net of Tax



    

 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act



    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Options
 Outstanding



    




    




    
    

 Shares



    
    


    

 Nonvested Award
 Option
 Cost Not yet Recognized



    
    
    


    
    


    














    
    


    










    
    





 Incomplete Accounting
 Change in Tax Rate
 Deferred Tax Asset


 Incomplete Accounting
 Change in Tax Rate
 Deferred Tax Asset



    

 Other Adjustments



    
    


    

 Accrued Liabilities
 and Other Liabilities Disclosure









    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    

 Including Discontinued Operations









    




    
    




    

 after Allowance for Credit Loss



    
    
    


    






    






    

 Fair Value









    
    


    
    


    

 Finished Goods





    


    

 Options
 Forfeitures in Period









    
    


    




    
    
    


    




    

 Options
 Grants in Period



    
    

 Options









    




    




    
    


    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    
    


    
    
    


    

 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
 Period Increase (Decrease)



    








    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    

 Amortization Expense



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    






    
    


    
    

 Gain (Loss) on Derivative



    
    
    




    

 Collective-Bargaining Arrangement



    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    




    

 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments



    
    




    


    

 Shares









    
    


    
    





 Income Tax Effect from Share-based Compensation















    
    


    




    

 before Tax



    




    
    


    
    


    
    








    

 Options
 Grants in Period



    
    


    

 Maturities



    

 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Liabilities






 Allowance for Credit Loss



    
    


    




    
    





 Finance Lease


 Finance Lease



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    




    






    
    


    
    


    












    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Options
 Exercised


 Options
 Exercised



    






    




    
    



 and equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    






    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    





 State and Local Income Taxes



    
    


    

 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments



    
    
    








    

 Options
 Outstanding



    
    


    




    

 Noncontrolling Interest Income (Loss)




 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups


 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups



    
    


    
    


    
    


    






    
    


    




    
    




    






    
    

 Options
 Nonvested



    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    

 Amortization Expense



    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    

 Option











    
    


    
    


    

 Amortization Expense



    
    
    


    
    


    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    


    


    
    


    
    






    

 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments



    
    


    

 Property



    
    


    
    


    
    





 Unused Capacity



    

 Options
 Nonvested



    

 Net of Tax



    
    








    
    





 Options
 Exercisable



    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    






    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    

 Plant and Equipment



    

 Operating Lease
 Liability



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period



    
















    
    


    
    
    


    












    

 Not Discontinued Operation



    
    


    
    








    

 Maximum Annual Claims Per Employee


 Maximum Annual Claims Per Employee



    
    


    




    

 Amortization Expense



    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    

 Non-Option Equity Instruments
 Outstanding



    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    




    
    
    


    

 Value



    




    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    






    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    





 Weighted Average Discount Rate



    
    
    


    
    



 tax savings rate


 Tax Savings Rate


 Tax Savings Rate



    
    


    




    






    
    


    




    
    


    

 Maturities











    
    


    




    
    


    




    
    
    








    




    




    




    




    
    


    




    
    


    
    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



    
    


    
    


    




    

 Maturities



    
    

 Option
 Nonvested



    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    












    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Raw Materials and Supplies



    
    


    
    


    
    






    
    


    
    


    






    




    
    










    
    








    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Assets



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    

 Amortization Expense



    
    


    
    
    


    

 Plant



    




    

 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments






 Finance Lease



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    
    


    




    
    


    

 Nonvested Award
 Cost Not yet Recognized



    

 Cash Flow Hedge
 Gain (Loss)
 after Reclassification



    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    

 Shares
 Share-based Payment Arrangement



    
    


    
    


    




    




    

 Shares


 Shares






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period


 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period









    

 Interest Rate



    
    
    


    
    


    

 Maturities



    
    














    
    





 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 In Transit


 In Transit



    
    
    


    
    


    










    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    

 Gain On Tax Receivable Agreement Buyout


 Gain On Tax Receivable Agreement Buyout



    




    






    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    




    

 Long-term Lease Obligation



    
    


    
    


    

 Remeasurement


 Remeasurement



    
    





 Shares















    
    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



    
    
    


    

 Tax Withholding



    
    
















    
    
    


    
    
    


    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    
    



















 Right-of-Use Asset



    

 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant



    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    

 Options
 Grants in Period









    

 Payments Payable


 Payments Payable



    
    


    
    


    
    


    






    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    




    

 Remeasurement


 Remeasurement



    
    


    

 Value






 Finance Lease



    
    




    






    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Options
 Nonvested



    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    
    


    




    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



    
    


    
    


    












    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
















    
    
    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options






 Right-of-Use Asset


 Right-of-Use Asset



    
    





 Value
 Share-based Payment Arrangement



    
    


    




    
    


    
    








    
    


    




    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed









    
    


    




    

 Value



    




    

 Excluding Capitalized Interest



    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    








    
    

 Net of Tax



    
    


    




    






    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    
    


    

 Maturities



    
    


    




    
    


    




    




    
    




    
    


    

 Change in Enacted Tax Rate



    
    


    






    




    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    





 Tax Receivable Agreement from Exchanges


 Tax Receivable Agreement from Exchanges












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 twnk-20191231_g1.jpg

M   1    5@
!  4    !    : 
#  $    ! @   %$0  $    ! 0   %$1
M  0    !   2=%$2  0    !   2=     !-:6-R;W-O9G0@3V9F:6-E

# P'0X/#0P.PP
#/_; $
! @( P,#!@,#
M!@P(!P@,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,
M# P,# P,# P,#/_  !$( )(!/P,!(@ $0$#$0'_Q  ?   !!0$! 0$! 0
M         0(#! 4&!P@)@O_Q U$   0,# @0#!04$!    7T! @, !!$%
M$B$Q008346$'(G$4,H&1H0@C0K'!%5+1\0S8G*0H6%Q@9&B4F)R@I*C0U


G*TM/4U=;7V-G:




 P$  A$#$0 _ /W\HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHKB/CE^T9X-_9Q\

MDBLZU:G2@ZE5J

MOA[4_)CCM[.!F^22]NAYKC_KDF=N?=C]*] ^ O\ P59^'/QNO5M[;5-/9F_Y






M023Z8K6K\M?#?A'4-5^&\OC+X
_$6^UX:?'YMQI=\X=G7J5!Z@XKZ9_X)I_M
MXM^U##J'AS6
1Z_I=K]K2

16AA\1#DE

M/R8**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

M=VT(_A55QE@



W5Y&W

G]E:O
MFWN(6.48$8Z5];?\$PKC4&_X+#:A::#(4TB#2]6N-3C!&#;-Y07@_P#3P8.G





:T%NI?^ R_P C







M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BOBG]JC_@N7\*?V=KCQ#8Z
M=#JWB[4?#6MS^&KY;& K%;ZC@:6$L^T-L)VL00
JP&[%?!/QC_X.(/BU\7/

XS=700N 3OP!G!/8CV/6OLLJX$S?'152-/DB^LG;\



MQATPNF4

+452
MC4UC).Z^?9^3.@HH!R*CNKJ.R@:21@JJ
DFO'5WHC]$E)17-+8L637DNH6]K
MIT$UWJ-]*MM:V\*EI)Y7(5$4#DDL0 !W-?MM^R?_ 



M8G]6I2FO)-H\W&9W@L%+EQ%:




D_N;3
M/J
O^E54P3^IYG..*I;-2A=?^DN#_P# 7ZG@O[


MBWW'T64$Q'MU89)P
\U\4^*?^//P+_X+%_L^?\ VOA+I
GP5\7:G+
$CMX
M@=
NYD8@^?;+Q'E\Y:'!&
D-TK\MOBM\./BS_P $Q/CJ_@OXDZ/-82*=\
A_

MWB]_D^J_'NC\?X^\+\UX6JN5;]Y0O95(K37927V6^FK3Z2;NEVU%%%?2'YJ%

M4TO5+C0YX=+A)BAOK
M?;YT#2L F4W 




?%WXQ:O%I_A6RTO
MP3I-S.D3


M'2KS2M


M#


(
M_ML_\$\?A3_P4!\KHWQ'\-PW]Q:(1IVKVQ\C4])8\[H)Q\R\\E3E#W4U^-W


MZ6UE9LXPH=1NYXR





%#$D#( Y&.?RK^?#]G




M^F/@_XG_L):O\;+X_8[#PKILUWK5FI!D@FB0DPK_M.PKZEA7X$^


MYA1IUK*

K;I-)M/RUT99_X*


M_AVW^

MQ\
/VB_MC'XI\!ZEX:?0=7Y

M


M4=[=E/\ MQMP?Q%?H&84

H\


QJ1QU.
V=LXQ

9FVM#N/N5B2



XKAS#
L/@:+KXF5


E(8ARQ]3PHR

M_A[;ZAX%\-ZBPM(;+3F

M;R:EX^^)7BRY











^N32VEIKWBC4


L7+%RAR\W1:_B?T#?\ !$KQ-_PDW_!.
M?P


]AC\7H\*




]G$)I F_!VJTPAR?05YKXB^!]Q\ ?$WQH



PZ?NH6G89Z&8'L*_+'PYK5YX/\06.K64S07FE




M![/4[&\L+I/O0W
+1./P8 U]9F6!IYA'EA6G3DOY).+^:_S/CLOSK%Y/5?[M


M .$=\::+JLRM8W\%P&]DBM_2OW _X+*^(U\.?\$8/'ESH]O#!_;FD64$_D

M?#:V



M]IO@+Q/_ 

M7[6OBBX_X4UHFI:?97TQ74OB7XHCW7MRQX;[*/F\LG/Q;I/5UK]*OV(O^

,;;P_\?OAO<Z7<7T@B3Q#86@LKX9./-!C_P!'NP.
M1@


%D;8'4C.
M22/4$5]YA8YIAJRI5JD*U--KFD^2K%)VU:TEWUWZL^)S;/
HK^TI8K#RC43=


8X0S'DY9^
M2 N:^I/VVO@1XR^ ?_!*GX5_$;Q-I;-XRM_BC#XJU#3K5&\C2;=[9DAM 5SM
RZG'P/E^/I5*^/I






*RK.2?LXM.SOJWI%/9OO:Z


M?\08#PZX=IT:$O\ :?9^SPT/M+2TJ\ET4=XW7O2LK6YFOIH# HHHK]R/\ZPH

LGEK=S*A\F#=V
LICC'NXJ
M9S4(N4MD;8?#U*]6-DKRDTDN[;LE]Y\=_\ !8;_ (*;ZE\*]97X'?N^DB^
M(VL11R:[JT!_Y%JRE7*JC=KJ52I7^XAW=60C\]?'WAZV^ 7PMAL;.&6?7-4(


M6W!'M*ZOZ'97X3F^


M



MXQTVR


O!F%H8[.*6#Q/PRNON3?Z'Q-\2/@5\

+/3$\-Z/*(K:Q#?

M;^R/%.J6@55^R7LT &
8VR
O]*_4;_@XH\#6_@G]GS2=2TNW2UA\/^)='OXP
M

NQO2NK*Z<*69XI]7*/XPC;\8R/(S2M.MPSA

MRL-OC?Q-_K7*]0%)-?/YAA:E'BJ%=+W:M-J_2Z6WWJ)]!P[FEKPABL/4DE
M*G)NU];22M^I^=+6;20E5C+


*-O/WLC(K\V?A5X=A;6Y-:U*/S-#\
JNH7PQ_Q
M\$


MY4!H;NY
DEW\W]T-E?P%=G&

7


MM\T97:RV4NY[?=Z%X_*'U.*\?_82_93UW_@H5XWLO#OA;P_JWA/X+R7
;^(_
M$.HKMU/Q9%&X9K6

M;&M&3BHM-:KH[[IMV^1D_P#!6/\ X(Z^);OXQ2?%+X1W3Z/XU67[1)%'-]F7
M5F486:*7[L=SM^5E;Y9

LY

?AS4)

DNW





M;*:]?W*KK7Q\5W$+-AHH-*$(8?[\DQ _P^37[A45SQX]SZ
.18AV_PQ;^_

_A=^R7K%OK


W5[G1;.=S

N)_
M!_@Z&^\&^#+]O(73;!S)JFL@_P 

MM_/HEZ_)

MP6S\/_ 32M0^&OP*FT^]\3'=;ZAXCMMLEEHQZ




NK:^)
:8Z:#J$UV6\07GB?['!Y=I+:
MJAF7?=&=&!<VP6)HBBKL:OTKK)A\:';^)&UF/1=)CUA\[KY;2
7+9&#F3&[

5F.;\V(K5_BDVE=?

MF:^UZ\W_ &O_ -G#2_VO/V8/'7PUUCRX[/QAI$U@LSJ6%I.1N@G !&3%


SPV*J_#3J0D_2

Z:T:U6@5^6?_!QYHK6/P5M]<B7;)H?
MBC1M05_[F7,9:OU,K\\?^#BKPQ_:7[#?C6ZAFM=.M[Q<]FBNX\'_P ?KZ7A



Y^O^+64XG'5
M*$
+&\O^'_X!]$_\$H=:DTO]J%M-5=S:UILD*H.=[(0X7'OSUKR[]LSX*ZE_
MP3F_:-US5%T:XUSX+_$Z8R36T1VTE+%_+5^D=QY9HF/#(2IR
U]!?\$_OV

 /\$MO*RG=_N%E/8U9\5V%G
MX1TZ*3QUX[TO2+&S'[NT.I#4[W'0K#;Q
V&Q@?
4 [G%?7OQ4_X-[/AGXB\1
MR3:3/XZ\(F1R?L

MN)%N_$L@DA0@YRMLH5&([;P17M5?$;*52YX3G)_R\B4OO;Y?FD_0^?CX.MU]


5
Z(U?*.K_MT_MT?\%.Y)+/X5^-4\#^%+H&
W5A'_9L.TX!WW]P0Q.&!Q%

=+TF[\LR1::C^?J$X_V8$R_/J0![U^7/[7

MU_P;

\/NS/
3C(DO)@6)SD':F2#PP/-?HY^S
M%^PI\)OV.=&6T^'?@G1]!D




&_'V@:IH<D,F(
M)FS)8WZ G#P3#Y)%..QR,8(!!%?U@5R_Q?\ @EX0_: \%7/AWQMX;T?Q1H=V
M)+/4;59X_J

MMUBO*^C7]UZ=FM;_ 

M9[JP(-?J1^RE_P %T_!/C^VMM-^)P^&[]L(FKVH:;3KD^KJ,O3[AE]QTKQ



P)H?'WPWUJ%\




M]1L;H'H8;A)

Q^:5O^!'G\JW*

CZ#


M_@X=_P#;S4?PU9I'A'(\-_R
LVI^E&$ZK^]J$?Q:/K[XU?\ !6']G?X ^='X

M!*\?V6%Y



M?'_XZZ]XNOF?=+:Z3YCF7G)S=7)+X/HL:X]37ZQ45*X?P\GS8ERJ/^\VU\EL
M;2\7
VPHHHK4X0HHHH **** BBB@ H

MTZFDXI^JN=N#S+%X1WPM64'_ '9-?DT?G-X^_P#7;]F/Q:[-I:^/OI8Y*Z
+O\ @TJ\$W<H;0?C)XPTM5.0MWI<-V3Z#*O'CMS@_2OU
MTHKSZF2X*?Q4U^7Y'UF#\2N)\+I1QD_G:7_I29^)WBC_ (--/$T3/_8?QNLY
M.NS[;I#Q_3.QS^-95K_P:Y_'+0F7^S?CCX3AC[PM[V)A_WS7[C45ROAG+GK
M[/\ $^@I^-W&,8\KQ=UYQ7^1^'MG_P &[W[6VFC;;_'S1X%[/5M27^0K4T_






M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
7!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 ?_]D!
end








begin 644 twnk-20191231_g2.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ E@6  #_VP!#  , @
 @,# P,$ P,$!0@%!00$
M!0H'!P8(# H,# L*PL-#A(0#0X1#@L+$!80$1
4%145# \7&!84&!(4%13_
MVP!# 0
$! 4$!0D%!0D4#0L-%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#]4Z*** B


C:(;*
M21?QITOQN^(]U&AL\ECU4:-(?R.*YY*A'XJ\/_ O\BXU:D_AHS?_ &[_ )GU



MJ4ON7^9






 [AK*$9_(41X=SWK&/W?_;'++B3(EM-_P!?]NGV5<_M
MQ_FWS_Q
[Z0C^%;7/\JHR?MZ?U!$5NM1?S/NXLWKY#;]J+P5'CRO@CX2)
M'\3P ?R%1-^U?H*J5A^_@M%SG!A;_NC_5G.GTC^'_R1A_K1DB^T_Q_^1/K

2E;?X5^





M%;XFLV^\\:/N[BVM44?GBM./XR^






M6HZ0VZRTO1(&Z;O[


*
/5P^)A[7#


M'1 A


R!NFXXKY6.'Q%:7F_FSZJ

-85OX9NKP@W%_:VX;O+.J_S-;^
MD_#G2[H_OO$-BQ'++'.K$?D:[(Y76:YI1DUZ.QQ2QU!/E=17]49UQXZY$$


MS

MU;@L=;NO]79RG_@)KNYOB-IEK/)!:6$.^
D;D3((!QN!]#ZU!-X^U*:(206L







MO.JN6C$7T(+;N*LP?%*ZL8HTU;QYX=M[ED#?*%5#[@$YK?V4KVMKZ/\ R.-N


MAZ;+





M)HNI7L(^9O
EC 3\A3_LW-;76$G]\?UD']K91?7%Q^Z3_)'Z2MJEDO6[@'UE





I'Y-6=)^V1XE955?#NBJ%Z9
S?S:OE/KS





M )]K[W_D=4?#+-)+WJT%]_\ D?J+I_Q0T[4M4CL(K'4!/(

MJ#^E;4\?=7J1L_+_ ()K_P 0QS+1*M#_ 
F_^1/UF619%RK9%.K\CKC]I#XF


EC\,S+DC248*S48WVWOO_ ,.;%%%*.:^I/DPIRKGM3HXR
MQ%:%K8&3M3(E-1*D%N6;I70:78?Q$=.:EL]'/!(K?M;6U)CDFC679O\K=ER



MK&CT]=4G\JR1KV8G BM5


8Q0,1( <#/.*J&.SZ5.-525I6M=1UOIM:]C

5C)#8 [
M@9]*7XX? B/]GOQ-I-]I;RZA\/=:NA9RV5TV]]/F;[NUCR5/8^O%;8W/\?E;

MM2O.



M]:M5NAKL/V+?AWX2^)'Q(\3Z=XLT3_A(M1M-+EO=





M W4-Y8D(;VKS#]F&^TSP=^W%I


BJKGO\P'Z5










MT;3XT^T3QISDYVJH]3@_E5S3/A%X/\-D/.ZW
B]E%?3W[+]]ILD.NVFG6RV\


93H5%=.^GHO^ ;5J=3 X:=6FK6_5_\ !$A_9#\$
MQ*&O;C4KSU9KDQC]#5J'X?'176*:WMC*QVA;R_W
3Z $]:^(_CUJFIP_%O
MQ79R:A=-%%?
%1I3A00#@#/O6+\(X)-2^+7AW+NX?4$+98G( -?10I8.,^2
M%.]C[2IP?B(9=+
*N.;2ASV4?*]K\WZ'UK\4OAWX5^&/B+2(;#36F35BPMK
(KK0
MOB#X$^Q.$N;&&2X3<,C+$+R/HIKB?&OB#4?$G@/[?-'&UXP8*JKQD$8%+*XT
M<+G,_8^ZTG:VVR_4_*,V=2MDZE4]Y=;_ #_0^8;7Q-:VL)7RI)

M3C

7E75HI@8]S\Q


X4=S@52TZS
T@&.]33P^!K5:

M([C[0838K9@$*%!##GIS52']ISXG3;!_;$40!^]'; -USGK7&#0+30%M7UBX



MPW^(WAOQ*W]@ZCI45A/

H3KM
M(./H#7#PUC

*L53B



G:S35E9;I^MM+





MU97D^
SC$/#8&/


DT
MUX%


X5))!\L@Q6]XP^&LVO:T_V18+2T
0#;E&TM




9Z9X;32AIUG-=7%VLTUW'/\L2JK  Y

=734#((_
9E6


M#/S1VD0V_P#?1.?TK[B\3?#32/$%OX3O]&LUAM+NXCCNPC
?E; /4]CD5Y/^
MT6NAZ'XN-AI-G%8PV=N!
T9.&=L'G)ZCI7?5XPXFH/VLZL+.459+X^9=+[:=

Q]ZT[GX8



^FV4EO

ME6_&ON_4/B!JFI*RL$53QA5KSSQ=X
G\66\@:V:8

M_P S]+X9\7



M_B]X*TFVGO+GPGKETMI/


MF6OB&XN]#DMX] 57O_
D3
:GHP&?F!]1FK]G^SCX[O/$6A:(-+6*^UJR-_:
M250IA R2QS\I]C7T9H_Q8TW5OC7XG\-^,_$WAZ31M0\/06,MYI99+9&B=V$


M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH





M1*OA;]H3PN\OS10:B+=C(



RW$3


!NIWXYKF].\$V_


M@0=_Z9K6I6IX656


M6:W$OF




MAV'3-0MGTO4VN79U


M'.$4]E' KB8]+N=2FV01





M\FOU&EAL+&HZ



7@+7

MO&*8P&NE;\XDJ/\ 9FT_^TOCIX9CQGRC)-^6T?UK;_;M?LWQ]\0-C_7+#(/
M^^ /Z59_8OT_[9\=[23&1!9R$_B1_A7WL(_[3;S/UO'U^7@]5.]&*^])'J/[
M6EC_ &Y\:]
BSE8-
C7'N9)#_+%8'B[29-/^'LL-N
LJ





=JV/ACX'T
MKQ=:SSZQXEM?#EG:1HS/.A=I
ZF2*/'F.=HW$ ?F:ZSXA:GX?DDLM*\
13'2[ /_I=Q
M@27
C8W.1V'RC'UKD%SVKV

M'F






_FHK\!S.C!8JI/#)^S;;



1<,H:'RYX9HPWR$ D8++M_6O$_&'QO?B9XZU&_\6:W=VD
S8MI(HFE

MUPRKPK$#K6'#N?5UC_J.



M-[XZ5^C/[
.L0ZGH?A.YVJ5N++RP


M1X1\-Z=KGQ2\0V.I6
D5NZM+%;L2@VEU'3N
&O1_$&AW%QXDL]1_MK[#8VV&
MD@+##D'/KT(KSS6/B9HUG\6K;4A-_P 2^&W:WFN47(8XS^60/SK\MS%TH5:;



MQCD _6L_Q1XLTB/P?JVE_P!IRWMVZX5Y%)WDL#@'H 
5Y%/!XQA6)I!:6
4S


&CB&Z74+LSS;CP%SG'YXKT;QM\8-7U;11I4U[&EIM&
M*V3#2 # !K!\!^=3U9;R[^TSZ1-




M92J-:4




Y3'Z





MKDVHOHVGR6

5Q'&H









M.].D_5Z+[W^ER

MU;V4N

SJRJ5
M)=9.[^Y].W1=$C=\0?$+6?%4ABMRT=N. J\*!6!8:1]NU2VLE+7^HW
JQ1Q+




:B^9])PI@ED?$.(RRM%.\;P;6M

O$AL-*$6EPW








9_9
*?B<;1O$=]-J45@\D5O</$



M4Y)?#L/&?6.(
)EN&JU7%8A2Y[6UM'F_-'W!JOQ*\$Z!X1U'QS'/;7VF*5%Q

M_6N6FO\ :W\S[7
Z_P#Q@]+SC!?C_P  Q_'XTS4OCIXHNKN\P#=A2JC)&U%7
M'Z5U=\MC-X?/]GLPC#X5F_O8(KQ*_P!4_M#XF^)K@_-NU*XP?I(P_I7K&@R-



MT4E4-SE23G;_ 


M@6%Q=VUFH%[?1 B*!&.


X;GBY1;C33]VG=:.;7Q2ZJ*LE

MH(X?(2WU6:2)%7:%174J /3BJGA?5=7\




$=!\IZ5Y[\ _^$2TGQM9ZC_PEKZ?=R0R



_


9B
+&E.
(/KIS-]VWW/BK
?QZ^U<4N):OM92H

EKQTLFWJD<]X1^



L\P/ K





M74-\+F&^F6[1MXE68[PWKUK]$OV7_CH_BSX

MC ]CS7C/QH^
?B+]H_Q_;:?IZ2#3FG\C2]



_C7.?L;_  +U#X6Z3J7B?Q
J
MV5]?1C]RY_U$2C.2?7UKS;Q%XTU+QU\7M8U?3[]XM-
_EPH.A10%S^)!/XU[


MEDB8S)&BG

9ZW<+X

M[-%'GOQ4^'6@7'F7&F7Q3CD,HX;V(KPFZMI+.9HI!AE/X&OK2^TWDMX4\L
M%@F']SD_TQ7FWC/X9QW
;R0QX/48ZBOD\9D$


M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ K\\


'Q4M;G0[6SBFVO





S8'Y9KS



M:&UZV^





M-_2OJ;]M+5O[8\+_  RN@VX3V4LA/O\ )13E_L\XFF:X-?ZV8#$?S1E_Y*I/

?\)5

4CE
?LO\ PQU4#*6MQ<6Q;_?P1_Z+-95%[U7^NI[V55%'#Y).7]Y??2/

M@^[G*ZO
PCL( C'S$=@6.0
#&#U]17/?LHR_9_CQH';




9&*]&\86%UX



MF

MC_:7AO5+3&?.MW3\Q7RE^S_^USX;^RC3[ZX^SV\C;VADXEMG/WOE/)4GTYKZ





.$*

)C:^';



M%GQ
U.=VTC3;)M

M


7^

UR.1&AZ


M.5]'=K1)=GOT/DL?Q)7XHRR6&QJE.O[1.C[M*$+:I0BTI2;MJXO36]S.U!M
M.CTMIY[QKG5/-V_9QRNW'7/UKU_3O@QJ7QF\(^#KC24@TORX7@O7DRJASAB



-67PK8?



[_ *'V?_P3[TWR?ACJ]Z1S/J$BY]0:A_:C_:L






\&LJ





M/D''I7IUK;Z6W@.=K234Y7DN_P!\]X LA.PJ


M %W4;J2G(C2

M  SU'Q%
9@/L]HG




MW*


M[IJM#I5[




M2K57+&
2<C4YCI\<


R]/78N:YC]

I#3RM*?;)X'X#^54?

\9B261V!A.

M):H5(1AS2BUHK7:=G=W:6E_N7
MD*FMC3]6: CFL!]^TE


M!' Q[4NO?#[6_ASJ4:?VMJFD2

MZNGMY'CWA7Q[X[\%WLUYI/C1TN)FW222VR
SGW/6N]@_:I^+T*@-XMLY?=[+

MWWGC8;C#BW'8F.I.$ZLG9+V-*[?_@^=SWZ;]JCXKS*0WC+_KC9 ']6-8

RCUK:&0Y-3A[7V:<5U<I-?BSBQ?$G%E/$/!UY\E1.W*J5.
K

M7WK@_BW^WAH_A^XGT_P79+K]VA*G4+@D6P/^R!@M]1Q7QF.S_!8%N.748Q_O


7ZZG\X3X;Q5M/!JI^X=GK:UKW6G==_\ ACPCX/\ [&EYK$T.H^





AHQGYEXKY


FT?H/2OF\*N9RKU#


M@6O+E3^\




MWJ1MZU\-:Q=_VAK%_=$Y
]Q)+]=S$_UKZ(_9%!T7P;\5O$#':D6E^0&]R&'_
M +



M3R5BE@C 'E2*

I';_Z]:X.
93;ENCY_Q!QV(PF74L/@XVH5-VOO2]'OYGY[
M_M67CWWQ]\5R2')65(A]%0*/Y5Z+^RO^S'X6^





M-;U





FJV
+8
MDOK6


8QX?\31 #)=M
+ ?]\DFI\B/[/Q5F^3
M;T/5Z*RM-\1VNK6

M
W**Y3_A85FP)CC60+G.+B/C!QSS5:X^*6F6JEIIK.% VW=)?1*


^A:*



DB7-JRR!LRQ$J3P
CT)'UKQ32/^0G
%X
M@)5,)K%/=[KEWUVV^[0UJ***_<#^? HHKV_X$?LJ^)/C%-%?W*OHGAD-\U_
M

M00


MB)97/

M7\37T-X+_8T\6::IOM=THA(EW_98)XWDD]AAL?K7T=X^^*'@+]E7PU::-INF




M.OVZ?!][H_Q)MM8=YWTW5[==JNQ\M)4&TJ!T' !_&O'S/B'$UJ:='W8=D_O;

MJNQ'!'!QBOAW]K3QYK?Q$^



'R_-,=).M2GR5&K:*71VTNDTVNYYY^S3-_P )-X;^(?@-SN;5
M-.:ZM5;_ )ZA<+CWW#-<-\!_$)\+_&3PO?;MJM<_9V_X'\H_4TWX'^*'\$?%
M[PYJ#[HT-S]EF5N.'^7GZ$U!\6-';X=_%G6X8%VIIVI&YML=XP^]/PQ6*E[


MZGQW$+K8G+


2 9#\D#D9S[XK?\ V
OA;XQ\!ZUKK^(=':PT[4(E


00@Q/A$'










M



MP+\-?C'H3(VFZ+KEBV5$]DJJRGV9
&OAI\483#S6'ITFX+3MMY/MYV/T+#\)
MXZO2^N.I:=[Z:V;U7O+J]U8_*;P[H&H^

G/&2YJCUE)

M^SWXG^-EPTFFJ-/TB-MKZA
N03WV#OBN=^%OP]N_BEX\TSP[:AML[[[B11]R
M($;C^H%?J#:0^&?@CX 19YK?2-%TV$!I&(4' _4FOSVA2^L-U:KT/Z0XDSN/



=B
IX


M
$









MM/%UA ?[




MBOT:Z?YF[J.NZK^W!\1H-.33K7PTFG632)-#F9\\X#N0

*-2=:G7DI3W=W=_


)P[@








?N1I2XDXMQ
5*EBJK2[-_@=\/BQK@\
MKYXU6(87RT$9/^\RX9_^!$TU?BWXHCCFBBU2:.&1@XC#MA..@YZ5R^@^%_$O


M_%'X:ZG\'?$^GZ)JFJ6VI7]U;-=/':J0L49E=8FW'KYB*''H&%:T999*:A2I

5)I+7WY

X]&S5VW^*'






&\!@I9AC9IJ+5H=9:73?65^B



9)'WU_A8?48KZ
MW_8:^
/VRRF\#:G/NGM?WMBSGEHCU7\#G\
5\_A.55'&:U/UCCJ.(KY12Q.
MG^XTYDMFGL].BVML?/\ \7)]1^+'[0NKV*S8GN]3:QC=C\L


5ZS


LTRB



&


C(KX@U


$PTZBG6






7NL2C$
'K@]R/2LVUD:-Y]'\
^9=7





AYX Y/
MH*^]='U6TU[2;/4K&5;BSNXEFAD4\,K#(K[++\8L73L_BCN?(X[O#5+KX7L

MO5/
OH\%AIR-9P-$L4D-ORTI'4GZGFNW*\KJ9E&MG33EI:;E**ANF_=:<G

I]F28A



M0_B

@C27RC))+)C.% (QP#SFJ?Q+\30^*O%U

!F [_\ UJ\/!XJ2S/ZCAY2G3IP:FY*6DKIQM-KE
MDVFTTFVK*_4[L3!5
*\55C&
I23BHV6EG?W5K%72MHD[L_0']CWXOZ1\2/A;

M]6X



]C^X^&H8
M:AE:S'V$:+J+FDH[65[/RTULM-3TWX(_&]/@?#JM[8:%#JGB](1+FZ<K'!&
M.F .2



M?R#)-

OA[^RAX-L-
UF^R6RDY1H !_P+<?Q
MK6IRX.G[F[/(RMXKC_-&LQFU1IJ_+'1;V27F^K[+2Q]S?!_]J?PI\9M:ET?3
M+34-/U)$


)?&GA&< 9M.D4^N/-:NK_

M]ST/OKPS^S3=?#VP6#PSJ]W8QS(LLC1N/




MI\T UG_8N7IW5%7-:_'O$^*HO#U\=.4'JTWN_



M)T&Y8]W253_05Y+14/(\$_L_BS6/%F:K[:?_ &ZO\CZ'B_:7T+C?I.HJ.^WR
MS_[-27_[2^AQQI]CTO4)W+8;S%C3:/7[YS7SS163R#!O:Z^9NN

S6_+]QZ)

M1*X
BQHBJK$=




MH_\ GIQ)@+Z$GGM7@OQ*NIO%WQ7U3P_?LVI+#;1:/HUQ?W@@2 )L(D=C\OSK

MPZ^INMSH_B.-?[

MGUVZM$

;




MC&^U6X^RV$]M$LD

C*WS2
8'0





)LUTJ



MU;6_WG[)P5PSF.?4\1B


M^91Y1LPRQK(&_A'R-G.

MG:T?S;BGS$@@CJ:

MY:O5I]-[KS/AJQGNF BA=R?05O:;\/-9U+!6V9%/\3OLW4/!_P!T6&SU4^
M
FTS3]6A%Q96L;!F12?NE@-P8?-T(([5S?COX!V-SX5N/&'@_QQ+XG\
6Z
MF2YCA*F6%1RS?+C( Y((! YYK[*/%%+$2Y*;46^Y^6PX#C@Z:K8NG-QVNTXQ


JN)K;MO\#UJ&7X+_PJ45\
MM?OW.HT^;3H\#3/LLQ[/
*VXM0\0JO[JQL-
C]6QD5X]J'QCUB\RL5RZC^[




M6]M-5KJK/H^^CL5:**6OW@_FL^EOV4_VG(OA9977ACQ#:75_H-Q(98)+8!WM
MW(PP*DC*' Z'@Y]:]






U[!^PLLB_!&


U.I*?.

;2/R53^-?1_P
M_'VH^

-#^'7[1_A/0]6U+5+.7
M2+8FY59+A$*%@-RR9(*D8P?I7#^


LLPF E3?M:.E^G+T7W6^X\FOOVG/B'X




M(ZH]9^#OC+PGHWP\C\ ^(-8M=+N6BFC2.[E$0FA8G.UCQD ]



J-*[M]^VIN:'IJ
MZ78QPJ
;16C4-E=1ZA9PW

 H

?E5$+$DCJ0
@_A7R[J-F=&AN;2'
M.BZ$A*RWQ_X^+W']ST4^M?;/[:GP_OM0L=)\86
7FQ:7!/:WH7[ZI*N%?W 8


VA^&8^(K:+_773?U)I(Y/)TM;W5(1H/AW.8=/C/\

$M;1#);V

.Y/858\H/'U])XCU==UC;R&/3M-'W$Q_&P[GI3/BEX9USQA);PV/E




M9.1C@^X]ZL_'8
9M-E1E&Y;I]Y:^XI5%5@IQZGQ=6FZ4W6Z/C[6_#LFH_$




M:[OIIK=.[MWMKWVV.'ZU4IS7)J[-:Z[JW7UWZ;[V-G5/$VE_##2VT[166?5&




@M7:ZD




6'E8^@ YS6T</.K&//+0\#%<69?DN(Q:R_M8B<FG)NZO=ZKROK;0O?!/X;




Q( ' JL6K]QHP5.G&/9(_C[&UY8K$U*S^U)

8*PM%'K25)84E+VI#0 VIAC%1=34BT()!112
V
MT4$AFF-)2%JB8U#9JHBL]

CJX_ YI
48XJ;75F4GR
MNZ/7)OVC-6?[MB/QF_\ L:I/^T%K?5;1

MN\4?;2)8]2T-4BD8%O+G\L&
\Y(RZ=?7-0:#I\FI:S96D
K02S3)&LR#)0E@




E#246G;?I9Z]FCZ;*OK^?8:HIU;RA*+3:NM+W5E;=


MXMREK.@E\J





MOW2'F0^A.%^M?+







E]I'Q!T?6[?P?
MX%U#3EO+^
D#R9


MNG?8;J






MEM+Y7G-





M%\'?B])H.G_#^V\%QS^&]*N2^G7

WGB.PNA'&T@A@O
NX S@#
M'4].:X237(X^4TV-V_O7$I:OUZG3E)6C+3R/Q2Z/29O$GA32_EMK99F']U*S

!Z(=H_2NF.

M6\NV/:





MYZE ). 



MY)A





[_O;6[N$3R;NWE4-MD7@_\ UJ^0OVIOA?;:3\2%
MO_TMIJ-EK;&0PVMQ&5@F_BW'.%4\')[YKUW]D_PC;_&.^U'7_'6AP+?*&?

=U9V[AF=#_$O^TISQWK7
\NQ6(PK]C!M
MKI9ZK_@;GY)@

MYI'@:UMY)-
OE5K2;IZ GD$'T-2:IJ5@NJ2W-M









M2X;S.K7A'V#45I=]%U9S2XJRFG2E)8B








M_+\.6ZJ%DW;8O
M
VC()^G(^IKS

MX880&^\L.0


M?XO^ _R/3_UIH2=_JM9O_!_P3P&/15:-5_X2+7=25N-L-HR!OQ.*;)X3M86R

20R;ERA'XC\Z_./7/&OQ#\+3@



M6TF*+ITGWIW4\EO]G/Y_2OK6%(;***V@1(D5=J1J   .P%?HN+S2-&E&AAY\


M  $;O_9:_-

MM%&1]

M[A+NQ^W
8Y8^A) W?DVX?A7V]^UQ\?HOA?X5E\/Z3.I\3ZI$4&T\VL)&&D/H
7BKUI*E#5


^9WF[64M++6V_G\C\]OV=?V?=6^+OB
MRSNKFSDMO#EK(LDUQ*F!-@YV+ZCUH_:T\M?CQKL
(Q%;106ZCT)BOTG\-WF
MDWUB7T41S1]G[F/8N1^%?EY^T=J@U+XX^


MY?\ 








TW?7I;?K=WT3Y;ZN^AZ
G[&VIV=T9!XOT:S\
M
K$)&U=0=Y]1@G:/][=CFJ-UIO[-GP]D
.J:WJ'C34EX=[=GE0'OC9M4?]]5
MY7X4\:77BK]G/QCX(N97E?19(=9L=S'/DB0+





BPD

)8_%_B!=^RZ:\]@\LHC6
M6XY^\?XL<';U.37UKIFJ^'OAC\-_'PD\86[/;ZIHTCZK/&<_8FD8%2P'8L7






M@



8OFI4X4V^T=?QO^

\[*


M(Z':$=&BTZ$'\]N:\S_9GU6;4-4\8PLFV!K7RCZY$N?YO=J^EPN*Q%:A&5
M6;;?=L^1Q=.-.O*




MZ-'W:.P:4_AM4UD^*?B!!JUZUX?BCJNN22G=

^AKTJQ^/GPCT'#:9X$UI)%(VL]_&HX



TI_'_ %E<']D9WM&45_7D
M?0?ZP<+\W-4P\_12T_%-_B8'B1?#FCV;VEE#!J#2C20W222K^._(/X5?\._

TYEN-2LI[0QGOG:
MI4C\:DT+X9Z9KVFV]SI*PFZ* S6MW,5 ;T4XY'UKED_;)^)EN@2WO=-ME'01
MZ9#@?FIJ*X_;(^+-P,'Q)HZ<:;:_P!8ZUEE/$-1WEB[?-K\D<E/B;@W#THT

M#Q ^H^'-/TVS$F ;74)(KAD]0%4IGZG%?,\O[6OQ8F7!\7R*N,82QMEX_*
MLV;]I3XFS


;W3&90/L^J6\-XN?0^U1ZA\$_B)=3/!=
MW7@6ZM1UE&GM!
R^N5'!KXBF_: ^(T^=WC'5!GGY9=O\A5.?XU^/[C=YGC/7


W_Q55I/B!XIE^_XEUA\_WM0F/_LU5'@Z
MI':O;TO_ )DU?$RK7TK45-+;FC!V]&XMKY




M9
QG7G;<01JRGMSU%<E_PSO\1_$U[]HU#6
M]*AG8\OYZ-^BOKN73O!WAE=VJ:O'+(O5$;)K











37?(Y1OHDK75[W/7_L$MGJCSI.DENX90
\_
ME7RWXR7'B[6?^ON4_P#CQKZ1NO&GA^ZDEWWJR
#NC;RG^5L=1Q[UX3#X2UB;


M+ITU1K1=FMG?1IZZ7T1Z%^RK(;3Q)?SC4?L$Z-$CVY,NXX/TP:^Y(I A1P





/[;?A;PGI\]GX/E7Q'K3+M2=01;0GU

_-9

M;F@O/GA_\D?G4
3P#2Q7M_;U9QO=0]E5MZ7]G=KYGD4








ML;4'#7%ZI^H56/\ 
BO-Y+[Q]?%O(\6:L_/\ 0Y_[Y KEO&47B)9K6'7]6U+


FZ8G\A_\ 7KS;Q;I<
M/Q ^&6H7T.W_ (2+P5<&Y7HT^FR/^[?W\MV*_0U\7Q-5JQI1]G*W?S_ *U/
MW;PEP&7XK
ZD



Y1FV
MN 





-Q7O]
5]'#*\%



M5Q#?M'RGB6G?SQ)K4RI=RR4]5[C\!7T#X#_8]\-'2;'4=5N+K4IIEW-'N\

MR218@$61@6/UKZ&\0








MQ=\._P#()C_WY/\ T8U:=9?AG_D#0_[\G_HQJU*J7Q
*+I+Y/\ 0Y+.6#!&<MY :)OKO&*^POB%
M#YW@O6EZE;9F'U%?-_C;PF/%FH^#=(,:PW3O'#-(.&VN2Z9_XS5]5EE:E3H




FN\\\#
M5K3;)KZY6

 B'%==X?\
C3YHY+J6.$OPOF.%S]
]:':*NSFJ5%
M\


M+N[9'8&O



==@:9'&T:=FM&03P <UY
MWX9^-7PF^(]_J

)*4E
MA-([W;7YH:X8RI.



MFAW


'@YR[+7[WLOP/FYM5UCQ1<WL;9VW' BMH^/TKK_#7P
M&U;6)%?4IQ:JW_+*+YW_ #ZOM^T^!GPW^$]@DGB/6[6SB49V32QVB/_ 
!S


M@IZ8C&&Q7

%)3(J,5;(!R&4]#_ O

M=OE+K;KI\]_+M[M'\(/'

MA%CI






G+[+I)@!_P #SG\

MCJ\2%?3B2-6_#?7RQ8Z69L8%=+:^#[@M$LD)A\SE6F^12/7)P
5YE3(%33J5
M





M/X?:E.[D%Y)84=V_X&TV[\



O\S&7$^;3]Z5;

M'A[X*:QJA1[YUTZ(_P &/





<V_PV-^W@X6KBP5+!!P.*MK..*X

C[/1]GK;TK

5# =/1@?QH\7:9%X

L
% '7U(KR\'XG\*8ZK[ABVYV;M[.HM(IRD


%S+:2


M#:9XCNHYK)P=Q 1API]_I5O4M


M]U@5/XU\^^(K)M/U*\C!)(F96'T-;9K#F@F8Y5.TVC4\-Z;$T

MSXLT.]U@WD(N9;5\X
R#)!]:ET7Q


G;
MG#

?A?)KFIZE=_VW%-%$541


M;/-%;&*LDFMBL/A/8MM
'UI*5?O#ZUVG$6O_\ R!8<_P!^


M*96&)F4-L!?KSC=FLV30=3@XDT^Z3']Z%A_2OW/+
31JX=.$E_6A_
^;8/$8
T<IC&
M$5S5);+R[OR_

%D5$ [909]^3VKNO_P+9KJ^ECFN!;3VLUJK2@;\2(5SNP 2
YZ8XKJ?


M::/U/'CD^:8JSJQ2?+*%^:_6ZEK=ZZJW8\XB^&^B7OAC6O&-WJ]EX8TN^B;[
M#I%C()9I=N&.5/J








3G'OD?RKQ3]I'PM
M_P (?\;O%=@B;(7NOM

H6=Y\2-,G*75M&
MBZA;2'*R1C@.OH1G\J^(&S@XX.*_6CXWZ.?$'P?\8V 7<\VESA!_M;1^M?D
MPIW8-7C8*


5.E05*E]JQ^6Y+PWALVSG%8S


M^E



M5W?7[CY;Q/4:]&


&/7M652K3HKFJ2MT^;V
M
G9*[?R1S^K3W&A6$4ML?+D9L!\<@XS_GZ53F\1ZIJ5@MO
M=:C=75NQ#F.:9F&[UY-?2W[./P T;]H+P??ZGX@U*YLH+:[-O]ATU%0DA597
M

M')&
KUKR/XD?M*^-O&?PYT+3;VX:R_TB2+4+VT;[


M$'[#/BK3K66XL/%WA^\2-2S?;[26T4 =27#R ?E7@/B+P;JGAA;F74K6SNM

G-%RB[NZM
M%PLK_P*-O(^9-7\.S6JI*R@P2KOBD0Y5U]01P:SM-\):EK5TL-G:O(S' P*
M]Q\2Z!H_A&X\5Z%5.BV/B&9-+4G/EQ;0SHO^RK$J/I7(7_Q2N-+MVLO#UJE





+KQ1KI)ZL)


TURWXUSUQXHDNV(@M&8G\:^F[#X#^$]'0-):1N1_%
V?Y




MTSDL%QG'TR*+6-HV5E.&7D&M[7M);QAX=!MV6+5K1Q/:R-T64#H?]EAE3['V

MTKP6EI6W6V_S_)E:UT6V&AW.IW


M9M/W;ZN]MS[#!9=@L-4PTIT4VJ
IR35[OW;;W\R]')-I_B;4M
NU7SK:07-N





NYA(&C1AD%2O6OB


-&O@\30=.51QJR


^)7@YM!U!S'&[1LRCJ6
MC8





MP/LU)\7(6;QU\

SLFGBJ;FKJ

3#ZQ5I5:5FY+G5*--MM1W
MO)6_\GZ,,5@\3@8X++Z5-^SC*,IRMHY.2TOY?Y=@\8_O7?&7C/2=4M[Z6+0








M

M27BI;Z/:0QKP\AC!)^F:\N645ZM7GG)6/1CFEGT8NYY/\ #G1AJ/B33U=-





MW==YS@[0:Y#QGX1T_P 6JL6HMQ'DC:Q!Y[?2O5[C0-
52K1D*/N@R-Q^M8W_



YH8.LZ


M2-D!C)UX[#'-4L_RYNWM/PE_D-8NC_-^9GVNCV\E]AE4@+DY [&J4&GQ7&H
MH4%






M!?E=6_RE_E8?UC#Q?NO\#T18K2W&7=4QV.!4;:U8Q@JAWX'\(/\ .N$AOH;I

2YTJ\F80:M+.T[ $DK&6;E


MGW0$COC8#[U]#P]Q-A?KCE1I7Y5KS)7^3N[
\O





 ?;@CZUZ9^T

6Z.&G5O[S_I_Y?
7$





'ZFOFW]CO5IM)_:\/+&3MNDF@D4=P5'6NB]A



M4^2/Y3U^X*_5\IQJKXQQBM)1YOPC_F?SOG&4U
)ESJU7:=*?LVM-[SU[[P?J
M7[:$R
.*ZK1]%
F#MS@;C]!U/TK(T:$/(
U]/_LB^!]

M&%AD.L/^KC(]-V'([XQTKMX@SEY/AXNFKU)NT;[+NWZ=CAX1X;CQ)BZLL3)Q

2/


M^']9T/QA/XFO)SJ2F[2W\]C;
BR%'C
/W0
X Q[]ZYSPQX:O=8MM1TNRB
]_
M):K
EON 

M
)&=0HP5S@$DY. :^FJTL+3KU*T^7WFG*]O@Y;:?/[SXFA6QU;#4J%)2]U2C
M'EO\:G?6W]WOL8'CR'Q3_P )UJ7B/4=

MP&7.


+P[%2J24

2?H*I?%;]KK

M@8]L&N)_MK6/%5\ECIL$LTTAPD
*Y8_Y]:^I5;$YC!592Y8/Y?C_ 




KRW\Z06
4I&?)FN3N_-5(_6NB^



DEJ@.Y]L@8C'?(&?PKY._9)CU*\_:$\+
MC25E;R))'OC&#B.#80V_T^;:
'O7V]^SU^T-9_''P[J-Q)8?V9JVF'_2[-)-
MZE2












5LH
MIQT7DCACBL5#FY:LES.[M)J[[O74Y[PGX5MO!^BPZ7:2S3PQN\GF7#;G9G8L



G/&


!3YK-75*'5-/6U[-.S\CY6IF&)II.==V_Q/


MX+^[


RS





MC%)
92HW3(2.ZG)J\T\;9&Q]O^UBHV6'L

M=.?\K)TUN623.%Y[ YI8-4


M':
T_FC*5.45=HU]*D+' &
NZXY[?C5&ZTJ&63S

9XQG%2Q0I''N4$K3M0L)H=1C4J)
M_

MI8;@&((1QV-1NT28
DB1'^ZY /TI\%U;3

M6G52^)D0^%!1114EGBO[2RO'I^@3H
DW#Q?FH/\ 0UX]'JB21K$AS&O)/]X^


P-7!U/8U8VT3[_ -?U


M5]-!EG;+I\
EQO\ 
GV[$D4_)N(YQZX&:I-EG
C[F?\ O-R:EAOIGND58C%

K1[F:.%?\


MI-E23=&Y1U*LIP5(Y%.A1KB1412S'@**M69&JJ(9B R#Y;@G[H]&]15B;%AN

MR7&!*O3\1_A6:\@7@'FH5#W$@2-2S



D
M/?/WE/HW^-3*H^6RW_(7-I8K:GJZ:;97%TYPL
;2G/\ L@G^E=M^Q3\:!XX\
L9;+4;2&\M95*/%,@8$$8
M/6ORM^.WPUE^%/Q/UC0BA6S$GVBR;'#0.25Q]#E?PK]3?#GBR\5:#8ZOITR

7 7/)9#OA)]CC%<&'DYPE2[['ZEQ90AE^
M98'/FO=A)1GZ/9_*[_ X;]D'34\5_#WXL^&(/[3OK!7A7NWRMM'_?2_K7S'
M);M:W#V]RCQO%(8Y4'RL#AAR.#^%=W\'?B9J?P.^)$&LVD)MV:UO[%_E9X
M\_.A]&!&1[CWKZ0\;?/X7_M)ROXI\%>++/0-
M
MG:23R2
2L-O&7ZGH



\4


E?'C]F;1/CY GB+0KU-
\1*GEFX*92;'\



? =TU_X



]CG'3)KS3QB0?

MUM=M?
DTNZ\F0'M7?_OXG:]\'=6^TZ.G]H:6TQN!:JP$MNY^]LSPRG)ROOB
MO+HYIR*T+;4VCQS7U^:93ALWHJEB4]-4UHT_(_/

%9J:M*
E



8'6OFB/76VX


:_
E=3MX_N01+_NH!5JQO;S

MP*ZK5OC'\ ?A+
-
T[1H_%%TAVRW-K:QWF/7
TI /T0D?2O#Q-/)
N=JE255

MN[73SUM[ BSAQZ?)AF'LS-7E5]X@LM*WQV**\A.6DQU/K7UE\6/A;X2^/WPG
#?/]GVY\520WFH*)4(#F
M'.(XQZR-W^@K[C*,5E3P[KX6A;?O]^[7S/ROB/!9_2Q?U+.*TIZZ06D;K?W
M%9)KKHCA/#?A77/'UXHMHW$+-M
[@X^BC^(_2OJ7X9?L[Z1X%AAU/73BZ&'6
M

MW^(=YY5E( \=LY8@!C\HVCEW;TZ5Y^8YT_9.:?+#:_5_Y?
ZLGX=GB
3##*'



MG%]:7[Q0-O(


U1M&

A0J'@NQ
M/4]




M*GQ8T-O#WC_Q7I6-K6U]/&/^^B1_.O0?V=?VAM4^#?B2UMY[J2Y\)W4H6[LG


X]1
.M?0G_!.K3[C
M^U?'FJ'<NGA+6U$A^Z9%\QF'X!E_.M<)6GLE&5SQ^-
FPE7)98ZMAU1JIKW
M4TT[NSO;1WO?:Y] ^!/@A\/8]!M6A\
V$S*N&
RF3D?[Q-=G:_#/PA9X\CPM

MEBL1/XJDG\V?S=3R_!T_@HQ7I%+]#S3XK:3INDZ):+9V%K:-)-C

M7L8*3E23;N?.YE!1KN*5K6-&&



MOM





MVG/&OBCXH6CZQXM3P_IZWZ1W&B/8#RA&6PT;-]^-@.Y!!/4BL+7OB]K_ 
3/

M
@$9QWJ\MJ4
=AZM6




FVC2=P59B^T$8[X'6C]H*PN_%WP(T76KUM^H626UXX]%D0*_

#4)*?_ &MY8R[;




M&$P/+:51:FZNOQ1W!D#MRO)9LFI(]:EERI)\EN


M^GR3V\+!6)D9NGH/2KC/ZQ'WEH9R@\/+W65]/\61078AF6=-N!YF.?K]*[O2




_P_PT?ZG



M9)WG).



8T7S)

R]/)
MF


[.DXW['E1R?

MK-J^KW5D6Y


 _G7CG@?XQ:_X1N+ZVU'0I)[6(Y6ZML
&7UZYKV7P

M!EG+M;Q5I#_[
=[&Y'M@$UG?\+D\*S

MB_\ 


M.;XFVMP2+?P]XDN/3.DR0@_]_=E*OBS7+B-S:^ =;E3L\TUK$ /4XE8C\JE9

OZ9E:O'/8R:Q;R7]Q+9+:*OF7)# .SKTP.N ?SKAI+U8HS%

M\*K[Q%\*T\7:3NEM=)NG%Q;!3N:
A=TGOM/Z9KY5K]/_ (!WUUKG@O4-%UC2

*LJD[6NX:6OJ^9??=KNKF_
M\


O*:V?STD?HS\=/V0?#WQ:O9=9T

MAVW
\R6UGHR9)B%'ZT]-SE=2;BH-Z=C*\*_$Y\2:H8)='FT^TV$QSS29+-



P7

I
M_P!X/ZFCQ)XKO?B&D&BZ)IL]IIKR*TTTRA2P!R%C@#(!Z]J^+=2_:!UK3[


M-\S??5G$:_XDO_B%^V(FIM



UZ[J&CMX'\!^&6AO(9M2L+Z*XN1'A_L\Q#
8V'
MJHEB!'KFO%(;HWNI:E.7
ADF+ER





\#Z9%XA\



M^MI6@D_WE8J?U%?:'[(GCZ#XE?#'7OA=K
@EN8;21;







MX_\ HFN6+/&K=/






FM

MVJ7D2Q$6@80QQJ2512P!9F)]!6U.E/VRJ6T:_0^?S+.LOEP[4R=SO5I3:CYI




M:E:)8G3K^&SB




[KP!\/\ 3=2B\3^*-2ADU;3SIT]G=:/-


=S



(_CI\1_'R0VNI1Z%:G@Q:#;
\V/0S-D








HT2$@
VY3DL!GVS@5UWQ0\1Z]\3/@O\//'QTE;?Q-J




MP_$Z2%/&7B&.T,BI(VGR/;VMN0

MZJUEJKO3%^)WQ.^


$[












FQF'&X\U


M&386^5N.3_\ 6K:79I:232OA(P7*CO7-2E[W.]2JD;1Y-CWWX*VHM;/7 CAX




J&.1?4'_#K










M&]*M;WQ_/8-!:11-:6EG#B':@&P.0=V






6%X




 1P01CKVKU?]H3]H:\^%?AW2[NR



M:@%C

M4F ^X3Z









MT&*\^^(WQX\(_#
/%J%]]LU%?^8?8XDF'^]R O\ P(BOD#4OVB/B?XT68W&K



WV3PY9P^'+9N#=WC++-^ 7(7]:\S\9ZAXO\46:ZIJNM_\


MADNKM&D=)'9A\S $Y]ZY9UGM%'H4\.MY







MZ


MRG[1'[
MOXN^(DWBB/6'L+?5HHYBVWF R*N=VX=0%XQVK3_9I^&O\ PIOQ

MXM9;VQDWJ!$N'7^)&^;H1P:^GM/_ +*UNSAU%X([HRH%\V9?F...1V-4]4\&




M
5SRQG\J-5075G676K6P;



9)KY_L=/O=




VK/


(

MZUYMI/B[Q'\'OBIXEMO!$!?6+Z:33($AM1/-Y?F%@L:G@' Z^E;^E_LM?$/6


IB5

-D14Y5B7ZX/.*L?
M'+6YM=^+7B:]N'=Q]HQRR#_ %D2H%1QV*L!N!'K737'BX^'?[/O@&QTN86


MVBK1YW+2^SV\^IYIXX\-)X?U_5M$BN9'B@D
/FR8
B @95L=77)4^ZFOHWQ'


M6KO6+[6#=3:=IEG]IF6WN#%)//)($B3S









H89_[X/YUXY\!9(=4^(%QX9E8&+Q1H^H:&5[%Y(&:+_R)



U\[P_2K8B

+FF'H\*U


MPIC:5


RK/P

=[8C7+?






QCG3F(_
MV9!_C7E/C;0;G0VABO#Y#R*6CEC;*2X_NGU]JX/XD0^,/?P[N==M[N^TNU6
M6%5FCN3&QW




TC?&+Q


M+?3A#U7S#BEL_$6H:?


MJ_'#X









MWEC:7_11*C?^@QC\J])_:_9]C^/]CI-A=^)=0T/3K-WDFMK-59;ACMVE@W



^Y0*^D%_9M^?A&QM-
NO








J-$ZA
M

CZ^GYU^_3VBX;
_)\+)3YW5=Y+\CF];TRUT]5\IG$C=$SP!ZU3L8YVF7RF



M0!K;M?@#KDV

MD]H02_KR/-JT9/6I6?W6_P#2F?.L/[.NKJ
O%(H_Z:2!?Y4^7X%M9KFXGMHO

M_)'B5U\.-





&[]?$4=U8N



M_0]JY/5]6\+^ ENIM2=[^YAR9'F^5-W7'/4_C7GWC+XWZAX)T=;ZXOEDESB.
M'R^9&]/IZFJW[./QJ\5?%[Q]JUEK-M8WFA):&Y9EMQ^Y8N%1
]\C=U]*^:A4



 [SQ+K?@/3/-I;W6]KKEA-]D5I-W9Y&.25&<')SS6RHU&

M!W'MD




RR^4A^5EYX)[_2E58RH(5D:/\ NYR?P]:F
MRDMBQ? )P

=HY_O5S
M-CKDFI7GA^X@D:]F$GF;6^^B9*DD9)Q[J*O?$*.Z9H;;?)%#Y9DBD2

MQ9:C[#I-E:RHZ3ELLV]948;%/S$J%_N@\KCQ'P_?ZM9W5I9Z=9-/-?.T'V.U

=]-

Y(Z].M11FZ:
LD:P1@9
DG  ^M

?:+KD_4*/\:XC6?%&J:\Q-_?23)VCW80?11Q7]4TJT




?U9WSCT4




M)/[=GT77#/Y_VK^S'E9H/

K5TN7

M%^*?QFN;;1XX?$WB216Q&NHF;R(3TW


MDZ7!I
LD-OXL%MJ

M#GN








_F_!9E*.6UZW*H\EHVLE




_@G]G3]K3Q;:G9?:
MIXMNM-61?O!$2- 

35U6K?'




M'O3_ .UH_6LK^P[K^XU-71;V2:.&*&2661@B1HI+
QX  [FNEX9'#'-+Z(V/

M^'_5SC2\I


MQ&E


M#ID!P

M&7M3ER2=H^6_09X3_:+\4?$C2?[3\
^#HVLO

9FNM1B0JPZ@KU%7-8^.6HZ

ZN





MO)8+N5HV/(&
@@FO-?ACXIO/&5Y?WL@;['&@C#$\

M6
^CW46C6#F:.*215DDD(QEMIX '&*Q]#\ 3:'9PVMA:0V4
?*1A@
'U]S]:



/3;WLOR1^'XJ/LZTTM+W_ %/K;]E?X0Z?

M60BXFC5D*A






MW2PEO'4B.SLHT$P4



M])\
Z9;_ &6T;4) )63=N9W(XW
W.!TP!VK@I/\ A'K&X$5K%-KE\QP%C4A2

M?A'X3\#Z18:IJ&K:+IKWA=8)M6N#OD9#AL':1QQT]:Z:.WGU*ZT6W\2ZY9^$
MAJ\B16&G38-W.6Z!81T'NW2O%_VHDGD^GA&9F8FQU^_LMQ/.


%O&&B^&;'QI;V-_:Z+)*5@UBV)JZL5(+*<H=P(YQ7KD?[7'CV;X9NEI=










P_XJB
MO?5C$S*J#,AQ@ORC//]\FUW9^Z\

G,G^!^@Y7
MQSE$:7)];]EY.G)O[U%K\3WW4OV7/WBS5H+W7]9U#5(8_NV<;+%%C.=N5&[




MP?CCXC1:GX571-*U?4]0TV*5)HM




M?SG%E;^4)I/[S
6R6]SFL^Y^

'G


M#X5^*K._T7QF?$_B&R:PEG$8AMS1F/



EJZ
M!]CAD4$9:/D'.0U?EN&R.KA\0JM.O=W[;Z]=3]


M?Q*9?1QE6^GO7EOB3XZ7OBS2Q;2Z-9P9Y$BNY=#WQ7&)XHO[=E:%U@*G(*KR

R']!BMOPKXTM/'4-Q-;Q2K!!)Y:^=@$G .[


MN4\C'


^DP=:


MUV/@N\W7PA=Y&CEC^SRAEP!SDLYZ Y]


MQ^8_T
CX /T4_6OI'P%^R1\+? HCD@\


M'XU]=QQ;E[G\*K77AZVOCF6V5S[K7F2C&?Q*Y]!A


M)PXKT?0-




A3S

MQQ




M:3X\\8?LNQZ'J=KJNJ^%5@76[*UD#M9(=A+NP^0*@'S$L
5N?\+FT[X)_MS_


MWO[/3=9O+B]9-9B0;Q


0RCL3@^HK/^)WBSQ#\8/%&CW_B&6SM=&T*(




93@ZD












9/&5*O-*3;LO7R\M-_
^^


E




$[QZ;'+?V\:0G(P5


E7F72HXY+!
M-.O)84+1_9]A5 =JKQ\_. HP23WKIO[)M/$EG;:_X.U;3?%.A?[-(ME 8)8
MI


M_#;'Y?4H5\#)T




GW)&K6/EEW.!Q*3_6OHRO!?VF+$7E[H00XN&20*O][!!Q]:\'/(

2(%'[JYSD;O4_[/
M\JJM_P 2^V
$?S3L



EAL

JM)OHMUU.(NOA;+):S0C5+ZQ=QM




M3:%BV


M$A0E

]R6)S^M8&EZ1)J


M/*P52S

$M4)DT9
M8)OW$K&,LL#$=&!7'4@?6ODW0?VAO%LWQHO_&6HF.?4M/TV_@L].(*VUJJQ
M

MFQT/?GD
C

MQUTWQ*TLVIRZ;?PZAJ6J7CG9&JMN ^I'H.@]!7MG[6?@MM#_9[ED%Y;7R?

^AXKG_!%LUY^P?JK^#]3EL-=L[I[S5EL9=D\JA\


*V

M3FIYMA
ARZGE^
JQJ3IJ$9QO?24Y-I=W!6?D?/GPU\&CQMJ7A3PP9S;+KVL;

_*=
MQ!XZ8[5G_!OXA:MXI^

MKDDM7U\K';4Q4LR?]LX3$7I4N:T%*UZOM+1YT].5Q:LWM9
]D\(0^!/A[\&;

4<8$:YXXZ&M\/BJ^&IJ57)?MI?S/R7B'+Z%;'..(E[6\5+WGS
M.+E=N-_+\F=J/C/JV\O/9VLQ)R3\P)_6KUM\:0W$VDM]8IOZ$5YWY:EN%S[U
M8CC*]!C\*]FGQ-F]/:NWZI/\T?!UN$


BF*R@=?0U[5#C3'T]*L(R7S3_#
/=)UP.M<
M&



/FX4,/%.7*DY.[LDD[+YL2:/P+X6N[7POJ:2:]=FW^V^)M-U!0%



D^:2T

V,CO*;FWD#*BF11Y:D!P.6X+7LWBSP=



K-M73^:/!^F0^/_%%

MWT9(+B\OU$(2YMW;R6:-B'8
BHOJ


!2?E]Z




M)XE\/?#_ 




MS!ON'J_*]0

@@J
GG[W6N?!4
[K5;8
MB%HZ+5):O;HW^!]3Q%CN\)A8?V-B9U*CNW?6R2U7V5?YVMU9Z&?AMJ5K_QZ
M^.P#VWV3)_Z+F6HI?_CF/V?B_3[DCH)KO4(_T6X-9VN?M%:K)XK@\/:%X

MM+:*!6

MH.U_5RMI]YV\=O\ &6Q1EAU#0[Z

MNU'5H-4L)P?^ &.%OUKS3X0^)M6\;7OBF&;5G\-:UIM@^H6]M;'S[$A.2KEG

M:





MVS/&_@S5$3Q%]JU*S!Q-;ZG&RN!WVR$9!_''M7V]X@_9Z^&GB=_
O_!&C--U


.-%M=<T9C=6%Y&'1SP5/0JP[,#P17XJW6I2QKEY#'MZ[CBNO^$/[2'C
MST/Q7X7L;IET28Q2AC
8Y(ID;=F
@]2 



MV/6+7]HCQ19S;WU&65


EB




;7UPYRSW=G/LDSZ%H]G

PCB=B!DDEY#S7SV/XES''1D

MXYTGX

MXA&H75S!K'ABRNBDD[
GVB(;)#@G&254GWKZJ_:(^&O@WQA\'-.T$^
M-\/P


G YQW&3BJJS=.?.


(K2


MS^(^K:G^SW\#_B/)X@U&ST'4-4L(++0[!;N.6[N+OS


=P X^[R37V.1YAAL%12Q
9)^5OU:/Y)XXRW

XS


^O8
M5^EW[+]FNE^%-5A5WD3[5G+G)Y05[V9YIA
?@^2@Y737Q6_0^3X=X9S?+*U;



U#'B70[*
?O_LSR;_[H+8R/

M!J[]?\O^'/


]K
M%A7S$VYVL?XFXR*^@=4\&^+[#2UDM?]B-7N+9!
DSR-F99/.C'S^HC .?
MXC44VB_%^;365O&ELL:+Y

IRYX22:;?7
MK;R/HLDQ

?L\O#A#P1CT!_G7


M7JFK:E#-HNN3)



8XPC
M-U(%9/C+P[)JENLELX293\XQ_K$_NUYK\:/BM-X'OM
U;3IIKZPOHBT!MFRF

_J:]5^


MYWJ\DM.:3?WF%IFFW&K7D=M;1M)+(=JJHKVGPCI
?A&5=/T2VCU;Q7(N9+AN
%=-$4*
M^3#]YY'.9)F[LQ[FO8K55%<K^X^$J2E*=D=!\#_#MOHNH:EI^N32ZM:^)8&L
M=5GG)VMN!E1T !/UYKYE7P?IOPH^/47A[QM9?VAHNGZFL%W&[
HEMV/RR\$


9K@/'G[9$\/CC
MPSJ_P[BU*R@T?3X]-NWU\I*NL1Q-F)IH%^4

\$8JHTXQ5Y^7_  3Y



MVQGG&6K*+3#YMI(SBE[11;Y4CXRIF&8XFG3A7Q

MN&\


K#/=W5KN/T4C_ -F_


XL








M)9Z?9W





M@@CY3@XK\LG*G2TFUV6J6WJ?UE_:4
-WT/D*?QKU/P_8Z%\%;&]DT7

UTUU
M\ ?%




M&L^X^&FBS?=2:$_[$I_KFOTF-:

7:2:9Y'Q7VI^R$KQ?D,C;5
M;4IF./8(*^=;CX36K9^SZA,A[1 W\L5]4?LTZ&?#_PM6QEE$L@O)I!)&
 @



\V
E;@UC$&%V* /P%
2
MQBJNA77V_2[6;/#1@]:U;5=]PJC[O6O3.
K:
MA&]K9@#JPYQ7S[\7M4EM-?T--52?_A%)'87\D() ;*[0^/X2-WXXKZ9F@6Y5
ME;IVKF]2\)I=*X94


M\_LH^*5US;Q)JEC81:183Z?I]QI9:25M[2LLAR%P%
K''7@#WKK_#/['/A

53

G':I)+K







(8/#OBG1V\+ZM<2&&96







KH/D.?O*
HZGGM7?:/XOTB2SCD@N)K
M1,?ZPD,<^^,$?D:49*6DA.,H^]!GLGQ:_99\<?6S;4KNTAUGP\QRFLZ2_G6






M1-J$MPKF3!*@A=C#)!.?Z5HI6V1\M6Q6*Q'
ZU:4G+5WDW=VMKKV27HK'U5\



M;UC6)Q

VK2-LD\T1\D







\ACT[\U\Q^)/A;X'\6:W=:^\&O&_N9S=7*PZJ5_
R\-:;<VT-Q*9YC<7;3-+(0 68MWP!


M
C5)T7!8_P #



M$#6KPEH=--Q(\DV.I9\[5]^?PKU_XE6NJ?#?P3I3V^D-!IE[.MH;CM;!L89U



P[G=W'L
?C7


= 
]*I6LDMO/'/

X/#U90?V6U]VA_8%&M]8HPK0TNE)=UU7S1[-KW


\








K_I@?K7O@\2#RB3 Q&#\V

M*O;2JUY2FY-NVRU?EK^)Y!JWPK\&^ 5ADUZ]N)%ER(WF8JC$=L*/YFLBY^(G



MY DS][&
?+BO*Q5'#9E25/$2][1NW]

M -SIMII\
NI+A[;



RY$A/J6ZD\

\_NFR.G85T_A/]K[Q!XKTN)-1





\.O6J8^]7D=UU6


M5VG.

MIB-/2YM#TW!MT?\ X]_0UZ%\/?A^_A;1A8W%W]JVR-(/+!48..#7:A?
QF-1

M;\I;6:0X5%#T Q5M[4M&3W'-6%M\
.

M'-YQVD2#.

WN;^\<BV;(*LJ*NPZ_-D#

?*7P/\ B _PS^*&
M@:\'9;6.X6*[4'AH'^60'UP#GZ@5]I_&K]IC0O@6BZ'I-NGB/Q!(#
L3/MAM



?;A1^=?.?P?\ !^K_ ! L
M/&7A_0[7[;J<^GPW,5OO[_*G4G!)QG:[8I2I\LE&.MT;X3.IX_ U
;C8JFZ
M%;E?9).



M2]A2DO9TZ:YG9W4I2=V[J














1R
&O1-+TPQ_8

1E2N-N[T)_6F:




MZK]Y6/-?ASJ17QQH1_Z?(A_X\*_2_P'+J/ .&;_ );28YQWK\Q/ E/&?A]
MBO#WD!##H07'(K]./ KQIX&@V?-B23/'?-9QTB&(W1:MH1&S.O0G):IM7L/[

]JVC-TIQG'=




XZ;16N&E7!4Q

EM@QC)&&/3/&/I33&U
,A
M4B4')'7&3DU)=:.;JWVV8:69BA  W;0#R *UX;EONAW-N8;RX4%(<!=J=


DD=G:UN.KPD'HC!2V?[V

9S(?\/:E71=1;

M\=/


ML99=B9IRA2DWZ/[R'1F]5%G*1EX7#HVQAT*FKR207W$P6&;_ )ZK]UOJ.WX5

%


M5^'-P/OWD8^B&GQ_#UTF5FNU= 02/+(S6BR#'/\ Y=?BO\ROJE7^4Y/=]ALT
MMI%\U9/GD0D_*#T ]#WJI-I1.U[?
T3' P.5/H1VKMYO -S/*\AO(=S'/W6%

D[2I.WR!X6H]XD'@54MH+I5)PCJ-P_C
M;!R?I6]=0?:T9]@C'(&3A6-6/#?AE]
M9(EV$/+NR#R!@=ZL:Q8W'DL!%P!@
M 

/&$X.Z.RG3E&*31P7PM^'MEX;UB)7@C9U#
J8RB=\CU/O7KNJ

;
%L8[]/Z5\Y?$K]E272=/GG\+Z?::R@CD

M3G7)]V]CX/DL9IKIGFW%I'W.^



[6T
M(4G
;*/WK
!QM!P6 -:9^)432:;)=:1;RS6L\

M

M
P))^7;W-?=GAG2=.\)Z-:Z5I%E#IVGVJ.&WMUJ@_Q]^]4]
 W=C.Q%CJT:824=@WHX[C\1Q7D,GAV<R,/*/7&,5^OOC3P;I'CW0[G
M2=8M$N[.=<,K#E3V93V8'H17QI\4/V5/$'@SS[_2%;Q!I:?-F%/])1?]I!][
M'JOUP*\RMAVM8['M8?%J2Y9[GAGA/XN^*O#FF+H&JB/Q;X1(,<GA_75^T6^T
M]?+)^:%O1D(P:@U3X.^ /BA:RQ^#-5NO!FM_?CT#Q1,DEE,<YV0WH[3G&!*
MO/3/K-=6(6217C




#YADJ
Y)/-53IN;]TSJUHT

-(&/$88/@8&X8[=?M.&WB





MXQD\'@5IQ26NULMO(X/![US8B$

MQ$?VQ0P0XP2

\\U^BGC'3

M[/O


M[I)]TCV.#[5RGQSL_B%8VMCK7PWUB:1
%)=/MHXY8Y5(R) 2#S7J++Z.82C.


9KG_$'
MQ


TJ^*6%G&$TVGU;71VV\_P @I8:I4BYPMIV7EW\B?Q5^ROHTG@5;K1GU

M())[@XP#SQ7W/I'QHU%]#\J_M%GN6=R\RDI(
JVT#((P&VUMO\3]/:^B+6\]
MM'*[(1=(/*4
!R1['KCM7G?CS19M#U V4F?);F*1NC+
MZ?45[CX1\.)I,S:A&NQ[V%&EV\*QQUQ5?QYX%A\5Z6\4KB53NBGX^1^W7\J
MX
TRZ6.P_++XXWL_Z[FN7XV.#K\R^6_E_PQYG\(_%UU8:DFG7L\\^E2*5D
MY$39P#D]O85[)JF@6TULZ2Q)-$XZ


M*O?%4))6WZ?/U(_ WP]TJRU+^T;6UD@EM97B7S/N]
?+STYKT;[/\M31Q+$@
M51@G&ON*%&'ARP27HK'RU:M.O/FF[E=8@M78N

M32?ZMB
Y!%56)W5(&+8^E
#CO$\P?69P
8^7/Y9_K6MX3L88+?[6P\R1^AZ[



98^A;+'\L5VG@#X _#[X1^)8/$ED/$.O:M;Y:R
MM[N JL3$8SPBC.#C))KG6&JSGSR5KGUE3C#)
NRQY?@JDZDH*\)27VK\RNWR

<6#;EX]1


MICTMO$%U]F_M&9X8

M(1K$F$@LYGW!(&8 AY=R

MV];?YH]:C\
6)4CCN)A;BX\H98R ^6<[BFW/&:JG@L352E%
MT_0FIC




,OVCM<\JX1X=)M]TUMH=CDI$J@EI)/[QY)8\ 9QBJ&E
$4_:P\'Z=J^C3*OQ:
MT*R2RO\ 2?,$3:[:QC$<\)_BF50%*=2 
USVO:YJ?C+PS-H#65GIVC3/8S&

8 Q &3D DUEV_AE;2:.:&\GBEC(99(SM93Z@CH:^/K

MC XP&!/I6QX4^#_Q!\7WT=GX9\$Z_J-W
-CQQV#[!D=S +CKU-?86A_M%?$
M/PS:)%%XGGNQ&,+)J,,5U)]-TBDU4UK]J3XJZQ'+;CQG?6L;#YEL=EOG_OV!
M4J4&-PJ+L8MU^QSX=^G@_3M5^
/C^Q\'W4T(/\ 8-C#]MU)F/)Q&#C/;G@8

MC





MZU 1




M4LB%5)SL5@?DY&#_ %ISE$ACDD*P1LVX-+@MGI\HSUX-/A:::V=%B;9(!EVQ
MSM/7ZGZUXI]3U(I ;B*/*LHVLVUGVJ!P2
]\ 8JO-Y3
HCP4)0+NX+=LFIFS

#;*@







F$8.68#_=V?XU%XR\
^)K_ 
3:@^GZ1YEL


JW\C44VI

7T9F_P#916C#\%]0DQ]HUJ-1W$4)_J:+
+HQ

A_VI

M_?YJ.4.9'G_VZTJ2ZC(YS(/\*#JM@%.9(QSQRS']!7?_P#I?#9ZVLA^LS4
M]?A3X;7C[$Q'O*W^-'*'

M +3



M /!/7X?V=XL]Q=ZE?JIXAFFI^.T G\Z^IJ*7L:?8KZQ5_F9YCX3^ OAWP+


M9W;R#!N!#LF'TD7#?K7GFJ?L#^ ;]0L
VH6.!C


%
MN
C/G*!E1C/SXV^NWC.1\$OBU-\0+K4A'J\6I);JK#R-ORY/!.*^G9(UD1D=
M0Z



MOWB

M?


CN
$5]6:UX#2:UD73Y# [#&W


M/E3V++OB/8C%9[^%=2LW*S6A=5Z.B[@:S56#[6T21.X09+#L/ZUQU
\K4G


M.OA_9[O9)=4@:=8T6QW2,.0Q3''3KZXKZ.L=9O]&NEFAOY2!]Z*1BRM[$5




/1]

MA:Q7*-P%D0

/D0VC?*M]:P;'A8==Z#J#[<BO6
=##XC#KW)7_ !/9


*]=UQM-_P$!NM-U2.W#7=P]KJ4.Z8KC; !SG<-WIVY





8NM*T=5I9=?[OFS&49UI2


MC*N^#X?^)M3P
DZIJT-JG_?



L3C'@RSS&23C2FH+M!*



MLA

LFV-3O

M-.3T.JE*
%=M'-MH0TV/S=7G73U S]GX



?*
 X)YS73-^S%HMY-
D+3
M6X$:E4

M

M%YL[
TI&!\^U1C))Z9./I62C/L;RJ4^YX8^O:7\5/'W@O1[6QO=6UF:\2%]V
M52.$

MQS7^L








M=&T'2M


MP6\A;5-+B*;G$C*X9SF



UU&!Z4M(+F0L5P$(6$8
M/\++Q3)-/ED4!(=C=R#@5M44Q&-'I=Q&3W'^]BI/[
G9L[HT_
UJT4#
W^RY

1O!ND[66OE9
M.?D8X_(\5FW'POTZD9Y;8L[=6^4$_CBNMHK&5&G)6E%-&L:M2+O&3.(C^#'
MA*

P/L3G%=+164








M@#_G]D^;WKU5]$5IA() !C%0/X?=FR+C\Q2]I4[CY8=CS:/P?'#'S=:GGO




&
MGV_A^WCD&ZUMBG^X
_RJ?8ON5]9T^$_&-?V=?'L6FS3R^%=4%NI\V7%L1C.



W[*_Q%NYHXH/-UD:;=K[55CCN2?UK]A_P#A&]+_ .?&'_OBD_X1
4^%
M]8FN]O
'=.88-JF
M/8D?UI^Q\Q?6GV/G?X&_#0_@;X3?2=


M)9+M9K-E4\8K!M7_ 'K#O5B;3[_38V
D+(1[9!_&LZ&0_:LC^+M5$'?^&.=-



MT 3@ P$B  (1 0
1 ?_$ !\   $% 0$! 0$!           ! @
$!08' D*
M__$ +40  (! P


M]_CY^O_$ !\!  
! 0$! 0$! 0$        ! @
$!08' D*__$ +41  (!

1 #\ _?RBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***


M:IJQ7^R]%U;68Q?W@9MH:*U4F:1=W&Y4(SQFCX:_MY_L8?&$0Q?#/]I[P5K%
MW-J5OIZZ7:Z]#]N2[G($


J@ 6.VC1=J?+7
MZ8?M1_L'?!O]IKXO?K]H76= L+3QU\)/&EKK7A[Q,MFIN6M1O2YL'D&&:&1
M)&8*20LB(V.N0#W&BOBKQ#_P5MU[XG_\%!/&'_!./]A?X$Z+\0O%_P -ODV




M1Q_9[J

M^(?A'XHQ9TB[LO%@TZY@8VZ7
9:%[6561HG4A@^0V05Z$\]\3O\ @O#XS_9=

MXP\3S:)H\$

_)6+_P $E/\ @L/I7_!5



M;_P6W^&/[&G_  3Y\ _ME?&GX+ZS;^
/B2L%GX8^$$-^JZ@^K.#YMG+.\8$2




'I7Q5^(VO?LW_!OPYH6DVK_#G5
M_$YU:P\2V/B42KJUU]BDV(;18P B12[TF\Q@WG$!1C) /V1^ ?[8W[
/[4.L







MF)7! /O&BOS._:S_ .#C+3?V5OV!/@?_ 


-M;RZ5%&%A
MGDG


MDAAP
4 ?2WP _:\_97_:MCU:7]F3]HOP5\0%T%X4UMO!WB6VU$6#2[_*$WD.

M7^SV5K_;T\SA5!+;8XV. 







_
T@R/D6OPO_ .#*JUMK[XZ?M065
M[;QS0S:7H:2Q2H&5U-UJ0*D'@@C@@T ?O=\(_C%\)_C[\/=/^+7P/^).A^+_

MX-[OV)]%\

M;$\I0K


M\

59  ?6OC[




3#*O'(A*NI[$$@U=K\C_ /@T
M3^'/[4'P(_X)N^

)?%1@
MU^\@:6.!]8MM*-H8VM5GFBC6.2ZCF?+$JA7:0#])&94&YV 'J32U^-O_  7N

ML/V&T:5X=TCAFD./E6-&67Z*_PE/\ P6^^)_\ P2T^&WPK\=?M%_L-QRWG

MSF^19&!4H=P)*KB?MP_\%X/#O[!?_!1_P7_P3_\ BG^S+J6JIXZT6SU71/%7



SF-YK:8V)C:6(F
M)F1/


MHY*J0
9KV.B@#\
O^#;[]IZP_P2]S\2O\ @E/_ 



$4CG8D=J&:XD
@81B-

X)[=ZL:!X=\/\
MA72HM\+Z%9Z;8P B&SL+5(8HP3D[40 #GT% 'XH?\$U?UI_P $UO\ @X@_




M?#




M3_@HGHOAK_@NW\-_V*?B/X-OOA]X/'AJ

M64$E_:V4EP$MY#9 3%S.!)&
E?+/^#2KQUX)^%'[6O[:_P .O&SWGAJ_D\0Z



?VZPCEVS!0H

T:NCJ5=&&0P/4$=Q0!^(O_!0SP?\ \/&?^#E7






M\

MPO:V*K$45C(S7-K-H4$F10@RQ ,O_!KI\7O _\%
?VX];\1:_%H#:UXBFU

M)9D=II7EO&9F4E4!

GE-DY.4Q@Y/)XZT

6B70W


MY3_@U^\+_M#^-?V!O7Q^_:FCF_M#1_#TG@'X;6][Z3VGAS3[^X+2.K\I+)





MLA_\'C'C[XH_M W%UH&A^+/!2-X4O9M.GD.MO+X?L(8X;-(T9KF5YX)K=40$
0KLMG16:V/FRA'(C_9J?3--NKR#4;G3X)+BV

1@E& .0:_9:TT[3[!YI+&QAA:XE
MPT404RN0 6;'WC

M)KFGNZP1L0TI5%9B%!PJDG !-?F?^RM_P2X^$/\ P5F_X-NO NB_ Z_T7]H
M+X17_B6^T:VL[R 7UVDFK74SZ7=J&W*L\+0MTF LHCPRH\F?Z-J* /QA_X(
MQ_\ !4_7_P#@I[_P3=^)_P#P2\^/'C:'2OVB-%^&FM^$M$;Q%=_9[KQ);RZ?

4NK&QC^U/&-GFXW[<$C&<4 ?A5_P<.^$-#_9M







M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@

M/]DGX)_&/]E;3+'Q%XN_:8U_1=!^#VE:\66WANM0VF2ZU!8F#B&R0L9T1@Q=



MQ\
?]!J#_OJC_A
?#'_0:@_[ZH TJ*S?^$Q\
?\ 0:@_[ZH_X3'PQ_T&H/\
MOJ@#2HK-_P$Q\,?]!J#_OJC_A,?#'_0:@_[ZH TJ*S?^$Q\,?\ 0:@_[ZH_
MX3'PQ_T&H/\ OJ@#2HK-_P$Q\
?]!J#_OJC_A
?#'_0:@_[ZH TJ*S?^$Q\
M
?\ 0:@_[ZH_X3'PQ_T&H/\ OJ@#2HK-_P$Q\,?]!J#_OJC_A,?#'_0:@_[
MZH TJ*S?^$Q\,?\ 0:@_[ZH_X3'PQ_T&H/\ OJ@#2HK-_P$Q\
?]!J#_OJC
M_A
?#'_0:@_[ZH TJ*S?^$Q\
?\ 0:@_[ZH_X3'PQ_T&H/\ OJ@#2HK-_P$
MQ\,?]!J#_OJC_A,?#'_0:@_[ZH TJ*S?^$Q\,?\ 0:@_[ZH_X3'PQ_T&H/\
MOJ@#2HK-_P$Q\
?]!J#_OJC_A
?#'_0:@_[ZH TJ*S?^$Q\
?\ 0:@_[ZH_
MX3'PQ_T&H/\ OJ@#2HK-_P$Q\,?]!J#_OJC_A,?#'_0:@_[ZH TJ*S?^$Q\
M,?\ 0:@_[ZH_X3'PQ_T&H/\ OJ@#2HK-_P$Q\
?]!J#_OJC_A
?#'_0:@_[
MZH TJ*S?^$Q\
?\ 0:@_[ZH_X3'PQ_T&H/\ OJ@#2HK-_P$Q\,?]!J#_OJC
M_A,?#'_0:@_[ZH TJ*S?^$Q\,?\ 0:@_[ZH_X3'PQ_T&H/\ OJ@#2HK-_P$
MQ\
?]!J#_OJC_A
?#'_0:@_[ZH TJ*S?^$Q\
?\ 0:@_[ZH_X3'PQ_T&H/\
MOJ@#2HK-_P$Q\,?]!J#_OJC_A,?#'_0:@_[ZH TJ*S?^$Q\,?\ 0:@_[ZH_
MX3'PQ_T&H/\ OJ@#2HK-_P$Q\
?]!J#_OJC_A
?#'_0:@_[ZH TJ*S?^$Q\
M
?\ 0:@_[ZH_X3'PQ_T&H/\ OJ@#2HK-_P$Q\,?]!J#_OJC_A,?#'_0:@_[
MZH TJ*S?^$Q\,?\ 0:@_[ZH_X3'PQ_T&H/\ OJ@#2HK-_P$Q\
?]!J#_OJC
M_A
?#'_0:@_[ZH TJ*S?^$Q\
?\ 0:@_[ZH_X3'PQ_T&H/\ OJ@#2HK-_P$
MQ\,?]!J#_OJC_A,?#'_0:@_[ZH TJ*S?^$Q\,?\ 0:@_[ZH_X3'PQ_T&H/\
MOJ@#2HK-_P$Q\
?]!J#_OJC_A
?#'_0:@_[ZH TJ*S?^$Q\
?\ 0:@_[ZH_
MX3'PQ_T&H/\ OJ@#2HK-_P$Q\,?]!J#_OJC_A,?#'_0:@_[ZH TJ*S?^$Q\
M,?\ 0:@_[ZH_X3'PQ_T&H/\ OJ@#2HK-_P$Q\
?]!J#_OJC_A
?#'_0:@_[
MZH TJ*S?^$Q\
?\ 0:@_[ZH_X3'PQ_T&H/\ OJ@#2HK-_P$Q\,?]!J#_OJC
M_A,?#'_0:@_[ZH TJ*S?^$Q\,?\ 0:@_[ZH_X3'PQ_T&H/\ OJ@#2HK-_P$
MQ\
?]!J#_OJC_A
?#'_0:@_[ZH TJ*S?^$Q\
?\ 0:@_[ZH_X3'PQ_T&H/\
MOJ@#2HK-_P$Q\,?]!J#_OJC_A,?#'_0:@_[ZH TJ*S?^$Q\,?\ 0:@_[ZH_
MX3'PQ_T&H/\ OJ@#2HK-_P$Q\
?]!J#_OJC_A
?#'_0:@_[ZH TJ*S?^$Q\
M
?\ 0:@_[ZH_X3'PQ_T&H/\ OJ@#2HK-_P$Q\,?]!J#_OJC_A,?#'_0:@_[
MZH TJ*S?^$Q\,?\ 0:@_[ZH_X3'PQ_T&H/\ OJ@#2HK-_P$Q\
?]!J#_OJC
M_A
?#'_0:@_[ZH TJ*S?^$Q\
?\ 0:@_[ZH_X3'PQ_T&H/\ OJ@#2HK-_P$
MQ\,?]!J#_OJC_A,?#'_0:@_[ZH TJ*S?^$Q\,?\ 0:@_[ZH_X3'PQ_T&H/\
MOJ@#2HK-_P$Q\
?]!J#_OJC_A
?#'_0:@_[ZH TJ*S?^$Q\
?\ 0:@_[ZH_
MX3'PQ_T&H/\ OJ@#2HK-_P$Q\,?]!J#_OJC_A,?#'_0:@_[ZH TJ*S?^$Q\
M,?\ 0:@_[ZH_X3'PQ_T&H/\ OJ@#2HK-_P$Q\
?]!J#_OJC_A
?#'_0:@_[
MZH TJ*S?^$Q\
?\ 0:@_[ZH_X3'PQ_T&H/\ OJ@#2HK-_P$Q\,?]!J#_OJC
M_A,?#'_0:@_[ZH TJ*S?^$Q\,?\ 0:@_[ZH_X3'PQ_T&H/\ OJ@#2HK-_P$
MQ\
?]!J#_OJC_A
?#'_0:@_[ZH TJ*S?^$Q\
?\ 0:@_[ZH_X3'PQ_T&H/\
MOJ@#2HK-_P$Q\,?]!J#_OJC_A,?#'_0:@_[ZH TJ*S?^$Q\,?\ 0:@_[ZH_
MX3'PQ_T&H/\ OJ@#2HK-_P$Q\
?]!J#_OJC_A
?#'_0:@_[ZH TJ*S?^$Q\
M
QM81S-<32LL<<8ZLPR0 2.MKXI_:V_X)Y?\
M!1GX^?M66O[1OP8_X*J:/\-M-TPDM/!?A)OV?K+78]&\U-L]UYM[J)$EW(I
M:


-
_X)

SS7^AV-X;D0



M-)M!._A34M)BPE6)V GB5%\J2)F'F1NPW*VUUI^$_V(O'OQ_:U\)_MI?MB



A]:W*Q_$O_ %]'_Z_3_Z: -+^SM/_P?&'_OT*/[.T__ )\8
M?^_0J:B@'^SM/\ ^?&'_OT*/[.T_P#Y\8?^_0J:B@'^SM/_P?&'_OT*/[
M.T__ )\8?^_0J:B@'^SM/\ ^?&'_OT*R?$5K:Q:KI*16T:A[LAPJ !AMZ'U
A]:W*Q_$O_(7T?\
MZ_3_ .@F@#2_L[3_ /GQA_[]C^SM/\ ^?&'_OT*FHH A_L[3_\ GQA_[]C
M^SM/_P?&'_OT*FHH A_L[3_ /GQA_[]C^SM/\ ^?&'_OT*FHH A_L[3_\

MTO[.T_\ Y\8?^_0H_L[3_P#GQA_[]IJ* (?[.T__GQA_P_0H_L[3_^?&'_
M +]IJ* (?[.T_\ Y\8?^_0H_L[3_P#GQA_[]IJ* (?[.T__GQA_P_0K)\
M16MK%JNDI%;1J'NR'H &&WH?6MRL?Q+_P A?1_^OT_^@F@#2_L[3_\ GQA_
M[]C^SM/_P?&'_OT*FHH A_L[3_ /GQA_[]C^SM/\ ^?&'_OT*FHH A_L[
M3_\ GQA_[]C^SM/_P?&'_OT*FHH A_L[3_ /GQA_[]LGQ%:VL6JZ2D5M&



M'_OT*FHH A_L[3_^?&'_ +]C^SM/_Y\8?\ OT*FHH A_L[3_P#GQA_[]C^
47\S0!I?V=I_P#SXP_]^A1_9VG_ //C#_WZ%344 0_V=I__
M #XP_P#?H4?V=I__ #XP_P#?H5-10!#_ &=I_P#SXP_]^A1_9VG_ //C#_WZ
M%344 0_V=I__ #XP_P#?H5DV=K:MXRO(&MHRBVD95@P#D\XK<K'LO\ D=[W
M_KRB_F: -+^SM/\ ^?&'_OT*/[.T_P#Y\8?^_0J:B@'^SM/_P?&'_OT*/[

M8?\ OT*FHH A_L[3_P#GQA_[]C^SM/_ .?&'_OT*FHH A_L[3_^?&'_ +]



UL5CV7_([WO_ %Y1?S-
M&Q1110 4444 %%%% !6/9?\ ([WO_7E%_
UL5CV7_([WO_7E%_
T ;%%%% !

T ;%%%% !1110 4
M444 %8_B7_D+Z/\ ]?I_]!-;%8_B7_D+Z/\ ]?I_]!- &Q1110 4444 %%%%


M5C^)?^0OH_\ U^G_ -!- &Q1110 4444 %%%% !6/XE_Y^C_P#7Z?\ T$UL
M5C^)?^0OH_\ U^G_ -!- &Q1110 4444 %%%% !6/XE_Y^C_P#7Z?\ T$UL
M5C^)?^0OH_\ U^G_ -!- &Q1110 4444 %%%% !6/XE_Y^C_P#7Z?\ T$UL
M5C^)?^0OH_\ U^G_ -!- &Q1110 4444 %%%% !6/XE_Y^C_P#7Z?\ T$UL
M5C^)?^0OH_\ U^G_ -!- &Q1110 4444 %%%% !6/XE_Y^C_P#7Z?\ T$UL
M5C^)?^0OH_\ U^G_ -!- &Q1110 4444 %%%% !6/XE_Y^C_P#7Z?\ T$UL



M_7E%_


M %%%% !1110 5CV7_([WO_7E%_
UL5CV7_([WO\ UY1?S- &Q1110 4444 %




M_P!?I_\ 030!L4444 %%%% !1110 5C^)?\ D+Z/_P!?I_\ 036Q6/XE_P0
MOH__ %^G_P!!- &Q1110 4444 %%%% !6/XE_P0OH__ %^G_P!!-;%8_B7_
M )^C_\ 7Z?_ $$T ;%%%% !1110 4444 %8_B7_ )^C_\ 7Z?_ $$UL5C^
M)?\ D+Z/_P!?I_\ 030!L4444 %%%% !1110 5C^)?\ D+Z/_P!?I_\ 036Q
M6/XE_P0OH__ %^G_P!!- &Q1110 4444 %%%% !6/XE_P0OH__ %^G_P!!


UL5CV7_([WO_ %Y1?S- &Q1110 4
M444 %%%% !6/9?\ ([WO_7E%_
UL5CV7_([WO_7E%_
T ;%%%% !1110 444

T ;%%%% !1110 4444 %8]E


M?I_]!- &Q1110 4444 %%%% !6/XE_Y^C_]?I_]!-;%8_B7_D+Z/_U^G_T$
MT ;%%%% !1110 4444 %8_B7_D+Z/_U^G_T$UL5C^)?^0OH__7Z?_030!L44
M44 %%%% !1110 5C^)?^0OH__7Z?_036Q6/XE_Y^C_]?I_]!- &Q1110 44


T ;%%%% !111

T ;%%%% !1110 4444

M0OH__7Z?_036Q6/XE_Y^C_]?I_]!- &Q1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !7@O[7/_ 7#X&?]CW+_ .B*]ZKP7]KG_DN'P
_[

M^G_T$T ;%%%% !1110 4444 %8_B7_D+Z/\ ]?I_]!-;%8_B7_D+Z/\ ]?I_
M]!- &Q1110 4444 %%%% !6/XE_Y^C_ /7Z?_036Q6/XE_Y^C_ /7Z?_03
M0!L4444 %%%% !1110 5C^)?^0OH_P#U^G_T$UL5C^)?^0OH_P#U^G_T$T ;
M%%%% !1110 4444 %8_B7_D+Z/\ ]?I_]!-;%8_B7_D+Z/\ ]?I_]!- &Q11
M10 4444 %%%% !6/XE_Y^C_ /7Z?_036Q6/XE_Y^C_ /7Z?_030!L4444
M%%%% !1110 5C^)?^0OH_P#U^G_T$UL5C^)?^0OH_P#U^G_T$T ;%%%% !11
M10 4444 %8_B7_D+Z/\ ]?I_]!-;%8_B7_D+Z/\ ]?I_]!- &Q1110 4444
M%%%% !6/9?\ ([WO_7E%_
UL5CV7_([WO_7E%_
T ;%%%% !1110 4444 %8

T ;%%%% !1110 4444 %8]E_P C


MZ?\ T$UL5C^)?^0OH_\ U^G_ -!- &Q1110 4444 %%%% !6/XE_Y^C_P#7
MZ?\ T$UL5C^)?^0OH_\ U^G_ -!- &Q1110 4444 %%%% !6/XE_Y^C_P#7
MZ?\ T$UL5C^)?^0OH_\ U^G_ -!- &Q1110 4444 %%%% !6/XE_Y^C_P#7
MZ?\ T$UL5C^)?^0OH_\ U^G_ -!- &Q1110 4444 %%%% !6/XE_Y^C_P#7

-+TM 
/4I:J&'TZUO_JAG$/X[I4_\


G97NY%P=D..JU*./S6C3GROD47*5Y[)2D



@@GK*^!
MQ.'KX3$3H5HN

A?1_\ K]/_ *:V*Q_$O\ R%]'_POT_\ H)H V**** B
MBB@ HHHH *Q[+_D=[W_KRB_F:V*Q[+_D=[W_ *\HOYF@#8HHHH **** BBB


M^O*+^9H V**** BBB@ HHHH *Q[+_D=[W_KRB_F:V*Q[+_D=[W_ *\HOYF@
M#8HHHH **** BBB@ K'LO\ D=[W_KRB_F:V*Q[+_D=[W_KRB_F: -BBBB@
MHHHH **** L?Q+_ ,A?1_\ K]/_ *:V*Q_$O\ R%]'_POT_\ H)H V***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *\%_:Y_Y+A\#/\


M_K]/_H)K8K'\2_\ (7T?_K]/_H)H V**** BBB@ HHHH *Q_$O_ %]'_Z_
M3_Z:V*Q_$O_ %]'_Z_3_Z: -BBBB@ HHHH **** L?Q+_P A?1_^OT_^
M@FMBL?Q+_P A?1_^OT_^@F@#8HHHH **** BBB@ K'\2_\ (7T?_K]/_H)K
M8K'\2_\ (7T?_K]/_H)H V**** BBB@ HHHH *_+S3?V(O$GQ=_X*



M^&OA3X6^'YFNI8+MY]7U27_6ZC?2+NGN7)R26;IDDA0JY.VOT/AO.LQX
R2O
MCZ

MXWSW#Y?7@Y4\))5:D

5&UO:)KB?^';'P\UKGXE?M!_%_Q;N_UD6N^/I3$?8+

_Q.+\+_LW_ +/7@G:?


%VBDE^ 4445SG0%8_B7_D+Z/\ ]?I_]!-;
O4=J^<OV9
M_%GB+]E#XM+^PY\7-8FN=$NXY+GX/^)KU\_;+,'+Z7(_3SX,X4=UP %!C4_8
MU?\ C*,L=9:XNA'WN]6E%?%YSI)6EUE32EO3?Q=+_C%<T5%Z8/$2]WM1JR?

MZ/\ ]?I_]!- &Q1110 4444 %%%% !6/9?\ ([WO_7E%_
UL5CV7_([WO_7E
M%_

T ;



M4444 %%%% !6/XE_Y^C_P#7Z?\ T$UL5C^)?^0OH_\ U^G_ -!- &Q1110
M4444 %%%% !6/XE_Y^C_P#7Z?\ T$UL5C^)?^0OH_\ U^G_ -!- &Q1110
M4444 %%%% !6/XE_Y^C_P#7Z?\ T$UL5C^)?^0OH_\ U^G_ -!- &Q1110
M4444 %%%% !6/XE_Y^C_P#7Z?\ T$UL5C^)?^0OH_\ U^G_ -!- &Q1110


2!4C




MSIJ A?$FDYW3:?*!]YL9:
\D-P/FV%?4/@3\;?






GC-/A

M/PG3X4I\=IOB7H





M- &Q1110 4444 %%%% !6/XE_P0OH__ %^G_P!!-;%8_B7_ )^C_\ 7Z?_
M $$T ;%%%% !1110 4444 %8_B7_ )^C_\ 7Z?_ $$UL5C^)?\ D+Z/_P!?
MI_\ 030!L4444 %%%% !1110 5C^)?\ D+Z/_P!?I_\ 036Q6/XE_P0OH__
M %^G_P!!- &Q1110 4444 %%%% !6/XE_P0OH__ %^G_P!!-;%8_B7_ )^
MC_\ 7Z?_ $$T ;%%%% !115;6-7TOP_I-UKVN7\5I965N\]W=3N%2&)%+
[$
M\   DGT%.
92DDE=L4I1C%RD[)'F'[8?[0]W^S_\+T?P=IPU/QIXFO4TCP/H
MJ@

_9XL_V;OA';^$KO4#J7B'4KA]3\7Z
M[(2TFI:G
=TTI8\D _*N?X5!/))/E_[+.D:I^U5\:[[]NGQS831Z%:)-I'PA
MTJ[0J8+$
4GU(J?NR3D
H[A
CD!#7T[7UF=2CDF!62TG^\NI5VO^?B^&EZ4D

CC+/
U-1V<I(*Q_$O_(7T?\
MZ_3_ .@FMBL?Q+_R%]'_ .OT_P#H)KY(^P-BBBB@ HHHH **** L?Q+_P A
M?1_^OT_^@FMBL?Q+_P A?1_^OT_^@F@#8HHHH *^5OB=9WG[ OQUG_:\-6D
MI^$_CO48X_B)I=NA9=!U)VQZK&@Z1R$A90.Y[DQJ/JFJ'BCPQX?\:^'+[PA
MXLTB_TS4[22VO[*Y3='/$ZE61AZ$$U[629K'+



DB




M]H[.


M_:A^'PP.?


M$+_P6_\ (7_&;+_H'?\ X-7^9H6_[3W[-5VQ6U_:&\#2D#)$?BVS;'Y2U9@_





C(='4D
.A!Q7RN:9)CLIY9U+2I3^I!\T)^DNZZQ=I1
M^U%

ME%_
UL5CV7_([WO_ %Y1?S- &Q1110 4444 %%%% !6/9?\ ([WO_7E%_
UL
M5CV7_([WO_7E%_






6['P7$F%S3
J]*K3]R#:C%2DHMR;=G9M:OHM9:

X'8


M]6

MLT3$HF2I&=HSTK[9KXK_P#AKQWX)\'_P#!'GXYZ;XL\7Z9IESK'@N2TTBW


G[0LNE:3XQ7P_;S.L&G



M/AC_ *#4'_?57/[.T_\ Y\8?^_0H_L[3_P#GQA_[]@G_PF/AC_ *#4'_?5
M'_8^&/^@U!_WU5S^SM/_P?&'_OT*/[.T__ )\8?^_0H I_\)CX8_Z#4'_?


MZ2J6D0#7A# 1CD;30!;_ .$Q\
?]!J#_ +ZH_P$Q\,?]!J#_OJKG]G:?_SX
MP_\ ?H4?V=I__/C#_P!^A0!3_P$Q\
?]!J#_OJC_A
?#'_0:@_[ZJY_9VG_
M //C#_WZ%']G:?\ \^
/_?H4 4_^$Q\
?]!J#_OJC_A
?#'_ $&H/^^JN?V=
MI_\ SXP_]^A1_9VG_P#/C#_WZ% %/_A

M
L-T6E8'[HV]370?V=I__/C#_P!^A61XCLK--5TE4M(@&O& C'(VF@W_PF
M/AC_ *#4'_?5'_8^&/^@U!_WU5S^SM/_P?&'_OT*/[.T__ )\8?^_0H I_


!&.1M- %O_ (3'PQ_T&H/^^J/^$Q\
?]!J
M#_OJKG]G:?\ \^
/_?H4?V=I_P#SXP_]^A0!3_X3'PQ_T&H/^^J/^$Q\
?\
M0:@_[ZJY_9VG_P#/C#_WZ%']G:?_ 
^
/_?H4 4_^$Q\
?\ 0:@_[ZH_X3'P
MQ_T&H/\ OJKG]G:?_P ^
/\ WZ%']G:?_P ^
/\ WZ% %/\ X3'PQ_T&H/\
MOJLO7O$N@W.IZ9-!JD3+#=%I6!^Z-O4UT']G:?\ \^



MA_[]C^SM/\ ^?&'_OT* *?_  F/AC_H-0?]]4?\)CX8_P@U!_WU5S^SM/_
M .?&'_OT*/[.T_\ Y\8?^_0H I_\)CX8_P@U!_WU67KWB70;G4],F@U2)EA
MNBTK _=&WJ:Z#^SM/_Y\8?\ OT*R/$=E9IJNDJEI$ UX0P$8Y&TT 6_^$Q\,
M?]!J#_OJC_A,?#'_ $&H/^^JN?V=I_\ SXP_]^A1_9VG_P#/C#_WZ% %/_A,
M?#'_ $&H/^^J^:?VM/'T?[3'Q5TO]A[P%XD-OHTJ1ZI\5]:M9IM=-5@T=@K

_


M.CD=)^XTIXAKI3;TI_XJS33[4U/9N+/1-U3P!X8T2S\-^'KFSL[#3[6.VLK
M2W&U(8D4*B*.P@ #VJW_P )CX8_Z#4'_?57/[.T_P#Y\8?^_0H_L[3_ /GQ
MA_[]OE)2E.3E)W;/KHQC*C%62*?_8^&/^@U!_WU67KWB70;G4],F@U2)E
MANBTK _=&WJ:Z#^SM/\ ^?&'_OT*R/$=E9IJNDJEI$ UX0P$8Y&TU)1;_P$
MQ\
?]!J#_OJC_A
?#'_0:@_[ZJY_9VG_ //C#_WZ%']G:?\ \^
/_?H4 4_^
M$Q\
?]!J#_OJC_A
?#'_ $&H/^^JN?V=I_\ SXP_]^A1_9VG_P#/C#_WZ% %
M/_A
?#'_ $&H/^^J/^$Q\
?]!J#_ +ZJY_9VG_\ /C#_ -^A1_9VG_\ /C#_
M -^A0!3_ .$Q\


M0?\ ?57/[.T__GQA_P_0H_L[3_^?&'_ +]@G_ ,)CX8_Z#4'_ 'U1_P )
MCX8_Z#4'_?57/[.T_P#Y\8?^_0H_L[3_ /GQA_[]@#S#]IWX4?#+]I?X67/

9&#P0,J2,@X(YW]C_P#:INOB/H&H
M?SXWSV^F_$CP5
++Q/: X2^4#]U?P8 #12KAN  &/0!DS[C_9VG_P#/C#_W




)CX8_Z#4'_ 'U1_P )CX8_Z#4'


MW\TV[1IP_O3:3VCS/0['XY_MZ^ O /B$_?X,Z'/\0OB!,L7AS1) (;(]/



M(A+%


FJE.2E%JZ:=T
MT]FFMT4_^$Q\,?\ 0:@_[ZK+M/$N@IXMN[U]4B$3VL:I)G@D$Y%=!_9VG_\
M/C#_ -^A619V5F?&=[$;2+:+.,A?+& <FH++?_8^&/^@U!_WU1_PF/AC_H-


 Y- %O_ (3'PQ_T&H/^^J/^$Q\
?]!J#_OJKG]G:?\ \^
/_?H4
M?V=I_P#SXP_]^A0!3_X3'PQ_T&H/^^J/^$Q\
?\ 0:@_[ZJY_9VG_P#/C#_W
MZ%']G:?_ 
^
/_?H4 4_^$Q\
?\ 0:@_[ZH_X3'PQ_T&H/\ OJKG]G:?_P ^
M
/\ WZ%']G:?_P ^



?]!J#
M_OJKG]G:?_SXP_\ ?H4?V=I__/C#_P!^A0!3_P$Q\,?]!J#_OJC_A,?#'_0
M:@_[ZJY_9VG_ //C#_WZ%']G:?\ \^,/_?H4 4_^$Q\,?]!J#_OJC_A,?#'_
M $&H/^^JN?V=I_\ SXP_]^A1_9VG_P#/C#_WZ% %+_A,?XZZU!_WU7Y=Z?^
MTQ^W+XJ_;WUWXA?.\B\8#2+JXLI--T2XQHESI4,@SCRE%)Y4A\[S(01D$



M_9_\.2329\R\T^R^Q7#'U

M?5^

?\ 0:@_[ZKY

MA?\ %*QCZ^;;2:+J4N/3;FW7/\Z/[ RW%?[EF%.3_EJ*5*7WR3I+_P &B_UA


?\ 0:@_[ZK+M/$N
M@IXMN[U]4B$3VL:I)G@D$Y%;L%MI%UES:V]M)'(H9)(T4JP/0@CJ*R[.RLS
MXSO8C:1;19QD+Y8P#DU\\TTSZ---71;_ .$Q\,?]!J#_ +ZH_P$Q\
?]!J#


MSB'


#=


LH(&-YROE\8S\M?HW_9VG_\^



M1110 5X+^US_ 

M!6/XE_Y^C_]?I_]!-;%8_B7_D+Z/_U^G_T$T ;%%%% !1110 4444 %8_B7
M_D+Z/_U^G_T$UL5C^)?^0OH__7Z?_030!L4444 %%%% !1110 5C^)?^0OH_
M_7Z?_036Q6/XE_Y^C_]?I_]!- &Q3+BX@M('NKJ=(HHD+R22




WX$V\_[:?[1]Q^UIKT+MX!\$3SZ5\*K.93LO[D'
M9=:N5/7)&R
_[(X#1Y/U'67X(\%^&?ASX/TSP'X

M51[GC))Y)))Y-:E:Y[FD


M6/XE_P0OH__ %^G_P!!- &Q1110 4444 %%%% !6/XE_P0OH__ %^G_P!!
M-;%8_B7_ )^C_\ 7Z?_ $$T ;%%%% !1110 4444 ?*_P 6-/O_ -@OXZ3_
M +2?A.RE?X6^-[^.+XF:1;(671;]VVQZO$@Z(Q(64#J3GYB4_16JZA8:M/H

MEI&+;_Y^4](ZZSA;K!\WY[B\SR_@/



/P\T6[QJ
MNKQ=O[0N!_JD8=85 .0P5E#5]$?#GX9^ /A%X2MO OPS\(V.B:39KBQL(0


8?C=^TW
MXRE^)/Q!&&@U#5(@-/TCG/EV-K]R

ME:*22C%?RPBK1C%=HI(]_*\HR_)J#I82'+=WDVVY2?\ -.3O*4GWDVPHHHKS


L;C[E




M[5W[W[OQ(NJ_&'X5V_W=3A0/XDT$?\]5X%[$HZN



^VX\I6VMNB8!D93U1@& YQCFN7'\-X[#4?

TNZNM3KR_B; 8JO]5Q/[C$=:51I2?2\'?E

M^O*+^9H V**** BBB@ HHHH *Q[+_D=[W_KRB_F:V*Q[+_D=[W_ *\HOYF@
M#8HHHH **** BBB@ K'LO\ D=[W_KRB_F:V*Q[+_D=[W_KRB_F: -BBBB@
MHHHH *^9?CE\7_B!^T]\2+W]D7]EO7Y+SLB(_B;\1K,Y31HCD-8VS#A[MP

7,F<1QJ,DX')/H!R3P.:^3X?^J7PTA^)
\__  K;5SHLP6'^


M3W:N-RC)*5/#RE&G%)*
4M$EHK)+1+;L?8%%9NC^+_#&O^'+/Q=I.NVTNFW]




*XK_ANSX27?'AWP?XXUC^[_9GA&X;=]-P6C_AK_7M0X\.?LF?

DQM)TJW+4B
M^CCSI_*S1S=Q_P $TO@[X6D?4/@+\3/'_P 
YLEPGA3Q;.+4M_MPSF0
O^SD



K3'R5^=LQ!U.#P&




0WODHIB\L[1@=



A?1_\ K]/_ *: -BBBB@ HHHH **** B

M2_\ (7T?_K]/_H)H V**** BBB@ HHHH *Q_$O_ %]'_Z_3_Z:V*Q_$O_
M %]'_Z_3_Z: -BBBB@ HHHH **** L?Q+_P A?1_^OT_^@FMBL?Q+_P A
M?1_^OT_^@F@#8HHHH **** BBB@ K'\2_\ (7T?_K]/_H)K8K'\2_\ (7T?
M_K]/_H)H V**** BBB@ HHHH *Q_$O_ %]'_Z_3_Z:V*QO$O&K:.3_P _


MX4
V



MJ-:5/VD7&7*[7B^C_1[KHSRLTR+)\[]E]?H1J^RDIQYE?EDNJ_5;/JC8HHHK

MK\QOCI_P3G^/7P7_ &E-=_:



855)6FJL8I34ET;?O+=


M'_$[]N']H[XK_$(_LP_LQ_!*?0O%FHV7FW6L^*+@;]!M''_ !\W$*PMW (


^C7$X7;]=IKH? G[(7[.GP]G&H:1\
;&



TQ/*TW3H+=?[L$*
MH/T%3T5]#0P6#PJM1IQCZ)+\D=L*5*G\




S-+*H+PP

MK5DY2DVVWJVWJV_-L_1:%CAJ$:-**C*226B22LDEV2BBBLC4**** L?Q
M+_R%]'_Z_3_Z:V*Q_$O_(7T?_K]/_H)H V**** BBB@ HHHH *Q_$O_(7T

M'LO^1WO?^O*+^9H V**** BBB@ HHHH *Q[+_D=[W_KRB_F:V*Q[+_D=[W_
M *\HOYF@#8HHHH **** BBB@ K'LO\ D=[W_KRB_F:V*Q[+_D=[W_KRB_F:

MC6='\/:;-K.OZK;6-G;ION+N\G6..-?5F8@ ?6OE#]JSQ/9?M?VNG:'^RIX0

'Q5D.6K^QL


M4[+K]JF]HSW:C*=_K._O['2[*74=3O8;:WA0O-//($2-1U+

MM&O?%?[3OCK5=3U[PYK$EAX@^&I'V&RT6[C8@2&-MTP;;N60G!&Y3NVM7U3
MH/A[0?VE0Z%X9T6TT^RMUVP6EE;K%%&/0*H %?'9G@.

KU;Q:?+$]' 8^MGV#ABL++DHS5T]'-_+:#3T:?
TTTTFC
MQF#]E[X@?%^=-8_:O^)\NK0;Q)'X
\-N]II
6.0LA&)+C'JQ!'J17L/A;PCX









/[
WA+]FGP5


T ;%%%% !1110 4444 %8]

M_7Z?_036Q6/XE_Y^C_]?I_]!- &Q1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !7@O[7/_ 7#X&?]CW+_ .B*]ZKP7]KG_DN'P
_['N7_

M$T ;%%%% !1110 4444 %8_B7_D+Z/\ ]?I_]!-;%8_B7_D+Z/\ ]?I_]!-
M&Q1110 4444 %%%% !6/XE_Y^C_ /7Z?_036Q6/XE_Y^C_ /7Z?_030!L4
M444 %%%% !1110 5C^)?^0OH_P#U^G_T$UL5C^)?^0OH_P#U^G_T$T ;%%%%
M !1110 5P_[0_P ?_ W[-?PPO?B;XZF=TB(AT[3;?FXU*[?(BMH5ZL[$?@ 6

M[2

UQ-&I#+LO



MT_\ H)K8K'\2_P#(7T?_ *_3_P@F@#8HHHH **** BBB@ K'\2_P#(7T?_
M *_3_P@FMBL?Q+_ ,A?1_\ K]/_ *: -BBBB@ HHHH **** L?Q+_ ,A?
M1_\ K]/_ *:V*Q_$O\ R%]'_POT_\ H)H V**** BBB@ HHHH 1F55+
P

G:


Z:B[=TVGNG8]VCG&#J4HSES1N
MD]8R6_GRV?JM#VFBO%O^&Y_AC:?\C'\/?'^CX^]_:?@^9=OUV[JEM?V_OV3Y

7VE.
']TFF:+-\KV=:*]6E^
M=CV2BO.-


53G_AG%_DSHAC


S[C7A7AB=*&9XJ


?L^Z5HM



%





=F



.OGQ.\&:9\0? ^L1:AI&KV:75A=PGB2-AD<=01T*GD$$'!!K5EBCFC:&:-






M3W'HHR ?7#%?)S?.L'DU&




M%7YIO=2FE9QA+11YI1YDVUHDSX?B7-N*



?%ER


MO^1WO?\ KRB_F: -BBBB@ HHHH **** L?Q+_R%]'_Z_3_Z:V*Q_$O_(7T

MHHH *Q_$O_(7T?\ Z_3_ .@FMBL?Q+_R%]'_ .OT_P#H)H V**** BBB@ H
MHHH *Q_$O_(7T?\ Z_3_ .@FMBL?Q+_R%]'_ .OT_P#H)H V**** BBB@ H
 5D]C)LIEFN(ESRY*5-<U2;V

4V^SJ:7!??
M\%(OBQ'XDU&&5/@7X+U0G2[652H\::G$Q!G=3]ZSB;( /#G(.266/ZPCC2)!
M%$@55 JHP /2J'A3PKX
*H'L/SK




M&Q1110 4444 %%%% !6/XE_Y^C_ /7Z?_036Q6/XE_Y^C_ /7Z?_030!L4




)*:_P?E6]&GZI-.K/RM347TFKW.+Z[7K_[M2;7\TO=C^*YG_X#
M9]R'4_VS-(\4W\OA[]G/X;ZW\0;^-BCW=A;;387])+J4!1^ (/8U!_PIG]I
MWXQ?OOC;\:%\+Z7+][PSX 4QN5_NR7DF7SCA@H*G)QBO:M-TS3=&L8M+T?3X
M+2V@7;#;6T2QQQKZ*J@ #Z5/1_JWC










#?GC&






/C?P_XAU/]C;]H
)=&SMAO$))W2*
)(
DY&22P?'T)7C'[8W[.VO_ !;\








5_P6V]36N;FVLK:2


M=H-4\9J#E7F(YM[
\$*#EQR



MB@ K'\2_\A?1_P#K]/\ Z:V*Q_$O_(7T?\ Z_3_ .@F@#8HHHH **** BB


M_A1XQ\5FVOG@2WMKF-WG:S AGF@N8W2)T LJM*H)D !]-45YO\ LC?M5?/

MPQ](H **** BBB@ HHHH **** O!?VN?\ DN'P

M]'_Z_3_Z: -BBBB@ HHHH **** L?Q+_R%]'_Z_3_Z:V*Q_$O_(7T?_K]
M/_H)H V**** BBB@ HHHH *Q_$O_(7T?_K]/_H)K8KA?$'Q
\-3?&+3/A7'

MQ'-[.+?*G)VZ);M^2.ZHHHKK
0HHHH **** L?Q+_R%]'_Z_3_Z:V*Q_$O



MBLSX;@[



5



N9?7=

:%X+

R\E9!1117U




K^&O$F@^
?#UC




:L.A'/4 CXTTC_@I!^TWI

GICBOT^-7POTSXT?O6_AA





?!GX8Z9\&?A

1&X==IFD)+R/CMN=F;'.
XYK@_VE?VN=)^#.IV?PK^'7AJ










MO_7E%_

M
UL5CV7_ .][_UY1?S- &Q1110 4444 %%%% !6/XE_Y^C_P#7Z?\ T$UL
M5C^)?^0OH_\ U^G_ -!- &Q1110 4444 %%%% '!?M

M036Q6/XE_P0OH__ %^G_P!!- &Q1110 4444 %%%% !6/XE_P0OH__ %^G

WQK_??$G5'\)^'I.GAW2)

X_B?#TL5+!8F\3B%O%K0_Z^U'[M/O9MS:UC

MN



MG-_]PZKY?_*Y'L






M#K[4_P!HC]H*ZBU+XH^
#=3+@DXRH/;Y5C^E*^NS
M*M1R#!2RGR3JR_CS3NM'?V

M

MW%4_NF=]/-\-6IJ=*

+M'MFM_[;X@

?

3B.'2;::[+GT!A















OM4F/)RQ)

M#/\ 9]\!6OPW^%/AF'3-



M'_ $RWZ5Q8W

M(MI.R;ETBUNKZZM(^XZ*\OL_C-\;'M8KZZ_9KN9()HUDBGT[Q-;7R(0&
M'!!J3_AH;7[/_D

/[-^(.B7

M^C_]?I_]!-:=K?65\GF65Y%
O]Z*0
/TKBO$'Q


:6&Q%9R5.+?*G)
M^26[?DCNJ***[# **** BBB@#\S?VO?^W_ /P;\_M?? W7?V8/C?\ MMVT

M9TN([3P861@RB31?&;J2/56C((]B



A?1_\ K]/_ *: -BBBB@ HHHH
M **** L?Q+_ 




M)K8K'\2_\A?1_P#K]/\ Z:[# V**** BBB@ J&^T^PU2U:QU.RAN(7&'AG




MCR/

M;221)KS_ &IIPWFR


MG'


_#MU)IFFRS

M/B5QAP-C


ML^=\4M&;'_/*\$G_ *#FO)-+^



EA

MU#4+:?Q!\5O@/XN\:W$5O(\NH^
_B+'&ENNT[G2--JH 

/[5NSN

MQW F6TJ_UO+DI5(NF^1.5X2MS*4JE5N[LMDFK;ZZ
\%_'?PS\//6F>'=3^#
M'B7PYI-E8Q1V,UO8?:[-(0HVXFC)W
M!QVJAXE^%_PY\8[CXH\#Z5?.W6:XL4
@^CXW#\#7[-A





M?Q+_ 





MP 6&.#DI_O;3OQ_=YKDO&7Q1^/\ /X5O_%MKX0T[P7HUE:M-)?:[-]HO&4#@

H-=PJJBA$4  8  Z5^D4(<




Z?PV7*K
M.SN[ZZ?99#QU7RO#U:6



M=2CN[6;:Q5E#QD@
K JRG#*P*L 0174T %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !7@O[7



MO;]COX7



M/=
Y] 8P5_


M2[L%4#)). !7F0\

M_$;QCXD\4/G+1ZKK#B$'_9CCV[1[9-9?V]GN+_W'+9V_FK3A2C]T?:U%\Z:+




EP006L*6UMD<<:

\G)


MYHQNHI+EBE_=C9))^B??4****]P\\**** L?Q+_ ,A?1_\ K]/_ *:V*Q_
M$O\ R%]'_POT_\ H)H V**CNKJUL;:2]O;F.&&%\LLKA510
EB3P !SFOG



]E7/+

/X\U<ZRL_G+J9U3S@^<Y#9SU[=*_#N-O&WA[A/'4L+AH+%RD

UXLP66UHTZ:]HWJ^62LOSU\M#]AJ*^;_@
M]\6/VX/CC\




/R

ZT9Q#


M!Z7\$/@]H6D:KX7TR#Q(+(OK-_;VD?GO*[






MB9Q!9?$2Q@ES@PZB6M6!]/WP7)^F:[2TO;/4+=;NPNXIXG&4EAD#*WT(X-9W
MB+P+X*\7H8_%/A+3=1!&
WMDDA'T+ D?A7%WG[*?PI2X:^\)C5_#=RW6XT#5


MR@ ?E@^M
'@+]H+XA_/X_P#B3!X9L7^]I7A.

M4TIXM]Z:7L_G6FXTWYJ
I2_NLA9'7HKFQLXT5VD_?_\  (WG]Z2\SLO&WQ3^


1\\J_7!KM?!GPT\ _#RU^R

M27DFEV2.?%9OF&+I^RE.T/Y(I1A_X#&R^;5_
*Q[+_D=[W_KRB_F:V*Q[+_D
URC,/XD?83[Q3=-^L=91]8\R[01Z)1
M7EJ?&3XA?#!A9?'CP639*<#Q5X?C::U(_O31_?A]S@@D\O0_#GB?P[XOTN/

M\'TDSCQF5XO!0522O![3B^:+_PWEI?R=FNJ1?K'LO\ D=[W_KRB_F:V*Q[+
M_D=[W_KRB_F:]P\\V**** BBB@ HHHH *Q[+_D=[W_KRB_F:V*Q[+_D=[W_


'9[
RZGH
MY=E6/S:<X86#DXQ<FEV5OQUV/;J0!DG '4FO+_^%F_'7Q[\GPT^$8T:T?[N
MK^

2)_C5\5M7UU6^_I-@WV*QQ_=*1\OCUR#7G?


M]YOQ)K9H_LCB7


M- &Q1110 4444 %%%% !6/XE_P0OH__ %^G_P!!-;%8_B7_ )^C_\ 7Z?_



MZS_:1_;5^ _[
7[/]G^T=XQ\02ZOHFMW&GV?@^S\

MUI?6OB&R@8+=):W5LY5KJVW(9K=@&5)%D0RIN=?QC_9





K0Q

M=6\ETCX:7'B;Q_J$/W['P/X7N;QL]L.RI&?J&(KG-4_;=_:=\693X=?LQ:)X
M7MF'[O5OB?X[M;

?)'82*]&Y+O<\=X?5G_MF;UTNU'1H+TYJTZ\OFN5^ARNI^+?VC/






MR137A) 6


MF].


A3^(
MK'^$'[2/P?N/A7H=]H4]GI5@]@@@L+_Q!$9+7J#$3+)N.T@@9[ 8P
5M7'[4



 Q9;OJ;-C70S_ +?O[-EOGS/'EJ<''[MF;_T%35.?
M_@HS^R_;9$GC5C@X/EV-P_\ Z#$:TGXQ9(O]YQ^G_C6%;_\LI?^3'FO(^%
M*7\'%3I?X



LWPE;#0R?-


M])T0+8W
JY5GCD+8()&2 
 DCM70G]H_]IC4A_Q3G[$NL
#_ !ZIXIMK7'OA

;4?KAX+\W$I?\



0
X/7H3Q7QO



M27G@FPA:9_(CUQKZ
HR9ZA0?


M)YKLO@E\

1SRQ) ).!@9XKM/









M5'*\NC+F]DF^[5W][NR^^%GPZOO5]X%;P7IL.DZE:/;7EE:6:0H\;#!&$

M]7?\)+J__0H7O_?2UF:YKFHSZCILDGANYC

ML)&HZ7P[QLNWNM7C_==UY$XS*
MQ[BZ]-2Y=MU^5M/)Z&YX6\
:%X+\.6/A+


MH4+W_OI: -BL?Q+_ 
A?1_\ K]/_ *:/^$EU?\ Z%]_P^EK,US7-1GU'3
M9)/#=S&8[DLB,RYD.WH* .KHK'_X275_^A0O?^^EH_X275_^A0O?^^EH V**
MQ_\ A)=7_PA0O?^^EH_X275_P#H4+W_ +Z6@#8HK'_X275_^A0O?^^EH_X2
M75_^A0O?^^EH V*Q_$O_ %]'_Z_3_Z:/\ A)=7_PA0O?^^EK,US7-1GU'
M39)/#=S&8[DLB,RYD.WH* .KHK'_ .$EU?\ Z%]_P^EH_X275_^A0O?^^E
MH V**Q_^$EU?_H4+W_OI:/\ A)=7_PA0O?^^EH V**Q_P#A)=7_ .A0O?\
MOI:/^$EU?_H4+W_OI: '^-[C7[7PCJ
WA;0UU+4A:.+&R=T5992
*&






MS1_PDNK_ /0H7O\ WTM9EKKFHKXINKI?#=RSO;1JT 9=R@$\F@#JZ*Q_^$EU
M?_H4+W_OI:/^$EU?_H4+W_OI: -BBL?_ (275_\ H4+W_OI:/^$EU?\ Z%]
M_P^EH UW574HZ@J1@@C@BO//$?[.VA#5)/%?PLUNY\'ZTW+SZ4!]FG/I+;G

924

MR_4G  [DU\&WGBBXO/%\WBY;9+9Y[Y[AH+$F!4#
240I@H
$KQVK\5\0./\
M




EP!D8X.2




T?ZYY3'^+2Q$/7XBWWJDX_B']@X
MV7P3IR]*U+\G-/\  ]2K'LO^1WO?^O*+^9KA3^TGK=H/^)K^SQX[AQU:'2/-
M4?B#7D^E_M?+/^T;_P )0\$UOX=NK1=.:UN6-&.)FYP).I[(37CYMXH\(
M91/#PJ5M:U2
+.

MA]545AVOC]OK9+RR\,7,T,BAHY8I497![@@X(J3_A)=7_Z%]_[Z6OT.
HR

)+
MJ_\ T*%[_P!]+1_PDNK_ /0H7O\ WTM &Q6/9?\ ([WO_7E%_
T?\)+J_P#T


+SMLM+1&5IKE



R1VX?IY=
MN9%D?\ VC\H'.#D&OG^W_9D_:67Q*;Z#PA-_:D$RW;3G6+4R3=N$FXR\MN



MV@E1Q'+C# 


MJ_\ T*%[_P!]+0!L5CV7_([WO_7E%_
T?\)+J_\ T*%[_P!]+69:ZYJ*^*;J

MW5TOANY9WMHU: 



M[Z.94VKY8





M$L@CVC5[%I7.RVDO@&D5V(190BLRH2Z]-X^_9R^*7_!0G]O_ .'[2'Q+^_
MB'P!\-/V?$U36M
TSQD]HNH^)/$UXD

%1'C!D/
_M<_\ )</@9_V/<O\ Z(KRLTR+)
[C&.8X6G74;\OM(1G:



4HQ771))+
M771&-?$5\55=6M-RD]VVVWZMZA111728A574=#T36%V:MH]K=#&
7-NK_P#H







:4;+R1



M&*BE9(****L84444 %8_B7_D+Z/_ -?I_P#036Q6/XE_Y^C_P#7Z?\ T$T
M;%%%% !1110 4444 %8_B7_D+Z/_ -?I_P#036Q6/XE_Y^C_P#7Z?\ T$T
M;%%%% !1110 4444 %8_B7_D+Z/_ -?I_P#036Q6/XE_Y^C_P#7Z?\ T$T
M;%%%% !1110 4444 %8_B7_D+Z/_ -?I_P#036Q6/XE_Y^C_P#7Z?\ T$T
M;%%%% !1110 4444 %8_B7_D+Z/_ -?I_P#036Q6/XE_Y^C_P#7Z?\ T$T
M;%%%% !1110 4444 %8_B7_D+Z/_ -?I_P#036Q6/XE_Y^C_P#7Z?\ T$T


M110 5CV7_([WO_7E%_
UL5CV7_([WO\ UY1?S- &Q1110 4444 %%%% &9XS
MT75?$?A6_P! T37?[



S=ZE%V[PE*\7W=.<&WK+F8YYV\=)_VE356

I(-6:\UU
MC]G'3M*U&3Q)\&?%%WX/U)SNDBL?WEE.?22W;Y?RP!Z567XT?$3X9L+3X[^
MF%FAQ_PE'AU&GM

 ?0CJI]C@UI5]70KT
51C5HR4H25TTTTUW36C1XU2G4HS


[;I


9+W8O\ Y^S5WO#34SW/J^R?7$I5:W\B?NQ_QM;O\ N1?^*6\3E_AS
_\ 7E%_
M,UL5CV7_ .][_UY1?S- &Q1110 4444 %%%% !6/XE_Y^C_P#7Z?\ T$UL
M5C^)?^0OH_\ U^G_ -!- &Q1110 4444 %%%% 'C/_!0#X!7O[3'[*FO?BP


N@Z39!KJYB


MA59E=(FA


M_(7T?_K]/_H)K8K'\2_\A?1_^OT_^@F@#8HHHH **** BBB@ K'\2_\A?1_
M^OT_^@FMBL?Q+_R%]'_Z_3_Z: -BBBB@ HHHH **** L?Q+_R%]'_Z_3_Z
M:V*Q_$O_(7T?_K]/_H)H V**** BBB@ HHHH *Q_$O_(7T?_K]/_H)K8K'
M\2_\A?1_^OT_^@F@#8HHHH **** BBB@ K'\2_\A?1_^OT_^@FMBL?Q+_R%
M]'_Z_3_Z: -BBBB@ HHHH **** L?Q+_R%]'_Z_3_Z:V*Q_$O_(7T?_K]
M/_H)H V**** BBB@ HHHH *Q_$O_(7T?_K]/_H)K8K'\2_\A?1_^OT_^@F@
M#8HHHH **** BBB@ K'\2_\A?1_^OT_^@FMBL?Q+_R%]'_Z_3_Z: -BBBB






M^'DB\$6JNEXBS3ZG(_F37I89$CR=6SG/H

M****^Q/BBB@ K'LO\ D=[W_KRB_F:V*Q[+_D=[W_KRB_F: -BBBB@ HHHH

M7T?_ *_3_P@FMBL?Q+_ ,A?1_\ K]/_ *: -BBBB@ HHHH **** ./_: ^


M_AG^Q)XO7Q'\.MEU33]+\3B_CNSK5W;ZG=07U\9XR4F\V\CN7#I\A##8 F


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M_([WO_7E%_

M7E%_


+!=3VDGE2+<9*.J!@V5=2<_*
I:21V)/4L36M0!\Y_\$HOVAOA)^UA^P]X
M?_:*^!'P_'A?PAXK\5^+;S0M'^R!EA_X275$\Z2(.XCEF96G=%8JKRL%PH


M110 4444 %%%% !1110 5X+^US_R7#X&?]CW+_Z(KWJO!?VN?^2X? S_ +'N
M7_T10![U1110 4444 %%%% !6/XE_P0OH__ %^G_P!!-;%8_B7_ )^C_\
M7Z?_ $$T ;%%%% !1110 4444 %8_B7_ )^C_\ 7Z?_ $$UL5C^)?\ D+Z/
M_P!?I_\ 030!L4444 %%%% !1110 5C^)?\ D+Z/_P!?I_\ 036Q6/XE_P0


UL5CV7_([WO_
M %Y1?S- &Q1110 4444 %%%% !6/9?\ ([WO_7E%_
UL5CV7_([WO_7E%_
T

T ;%%%%


MCV7_ .][_UY1?S-;%8]E_R.][_UY1?S- &Q1110 4444 %%%% !6/XE_P0

MDN'P
_['N7_T10![U1110 4444 %%%% !6/XE_Y^C_]?I_]!-;%8_B7_D+Z
M/_U^G_T$T ;%%%% !1110 4444 %8_B7_D+Z/_U^G_T$UL5C^)?^0OH__7Z?
M_030!L4444 %%%% !1110 5C^)?^0OH__7Z?_036Q6/XE_Y^C_]?I_]!- &
MQ1110 4444 %%%% !6/XE_Y^C_]?I_]!-;%8_B7_D+Z/_U^G_T$T ;%%%%
M!1110 4444 %8_B7_D+Z/_U^G_T$UL5C^)?^0OH__7Z?_030!L4444 %%%%
M!1110 5C^)?^0OH__7Z?_036Q6/XE_Y^C_]?I_]!- &Q1110 4444 %%%%

ME%_

T


M110 5CV7_([WO_7E%_
UL5CV7_([WO\ UY1?S- &Q1110 4444 %%%% !6/X


M /7Z?_030!L4444 %%%% !1110 5C^)?^0OH_P#U^G_T$UL5C^)?^0OH_P#U
M^G_T$T ;%%%% !1110 4444 %8_B7_D+Z/\ ]?I_]!-;%8_B7_D+Z/\ ]?I_
M]!- &Q1110 4444 %%%% !6/XE_Y^C_ /7Z?_036Q6/XE_Y^C_ /7Z?_03
M0!L4444 %%%% !1110 5C^)?^0OH_P#U^G_T$UL5C^)?^0OH_P#U^G_T$T ;
M%%%% !1110 4444 %8_B7_D+Z/\ ]?I_]!-;%8_B7_D+Z/\ ]?I_]!- &Q11
M10 4444 %%%% !6/XE_Y^C_ /7Z?_036Q6/XE_Y^C_ /7Z?_030!L4444
M%%%% !1110 5C^)?^0OH_P#U^G_T$UL5C^)?^0OH_P#U^G_T$T ;%%%% !11




M -?I_P#036Q6/XE_Y^C_P#7Z?\ T$T ;%%%% !1110 4444 %8_B7_D+Z/_
M -?I_P#036Q6/XE_Y^C_P#7Z?\ T$T ;%%%% !1110 4444 %8_B7_D+Z/_
M -?I_P#036Q6/XE_Y^C_P#7Z?\ T$T ;%%%% !1110 4444 %8_B7_D+Z/_
M -?I_P#036Q6/XE_Y^C_P#7Z?\ T$T ;%%%% !1110 4444 %8_B7_D+Z/_
M -?I_P#036Q6/XE_Y^C_P#7Z?\ T$T ;%%%% !1110 4444 %8_B7_D+Z/_
M -?I_P#036Q6/XE_Y^C_P#7Z?\ T$T ;%%%% !1110 4444 %8_B7_D+Z/_
M -?I_P#036Q6/XE_Y^C_P#7Z?\ T$T ;%%%% !1110 4444 %8_B7_D+Z/_
M -?I_P#036Q6/XE_Y^C_P#7Z?\ T$T ;%%%% !1110 4444 %8]E_R.][_U


UL5CV7_([


M )^C_\ 7Z?_ $$T ;%%%% !1110 4444 %8_B7_ )^C_\ 7Z?_ $$UL5C^
M)?\ D+Z/_P!?I_\ 030!L4444 %%%% !1110 5C^)?\ D+Z/_P!?I_\ 036Q
M6/XE_P0OH__ %^G_P!!- &Q1110 4444 %%%% !6/XE_P0OH__ %^G_P!!
M-;%8_B7_ )^C_\ 7Z?_ $$T ;%%%% !1110 4444 %8_B7_ )^C_\ 7Z?_
M $$UL5C^)?\ D+Z/_P!?I_\ 030!L4444 %%%% !1110 5C^)?\ D+Z/_P!?
MI_\ 036Q6/XE_P0OH__ %^G_P!!- &Q1110 4444 %%%% !6/XE_P0OH__
M %^G_P!!-;%8_B7_ )^C_\ 7Z?_ $$T ;%%%% !1110 4444 %8_B7_ )^
MC_\ 7Z?_ $$UL5C^)?\ D+Z/_P!?I_\ 030!L4444 %%%% !1110 5CV7_([

M6/XE_P0OH__ %^G_P!!-;%8_B7_ )^C_\ 7Z?_ $$T ;%%%% !1110 444

M8_B7_D+Z/_U^G_T$T ;%%%% !1110 4444 %8_B7_D+Z/_U^G_T$UL5C^)?^
M0OH__7Z?_030!L4444 %%%% !1110 5C^)?^0OH__7Z?_036Q6/XE_Y^C_]
M?I_]!- &Q1110 4444 %%%% !6/XE_Y^C_]?I_]!-;%8_B7_D+Z/_U^G_T$
MT ;%%%% !1110 4444 %8_B7_D+Z/_U^G_T$UL5C^)?^0OH__7Z?_030!L44
M44 %%%% !1110 5C^)?^0OH__7Z?_036Q6/XE_Y^C_]?I_]!- &Q1110 44
M44 %%%% !6/XE_Y^C_]?I_]!-;%8_B7_D+Z/_U^G_T$T ;%%%% !1110 44
M44 %8_B7_D+Z/_U^G_T$UL5C^)?^0OH__7Z?_030!L4444 %%%% !1110 5C

MO_7E%_

M

M%%% !1110 4444 %%%? /Q'_ &F/^O/[57QK\9R_P#!*GQ3^RPOPV\%:_-X
M9N)OBQ?ZS/J]]JMHQCOKA4TQ72&V%QYMM&'P[M:22#*.A(!]_45\J?MR?MP_
M%+]BKX%_GP+)8^&?$_QW^+OBK1O _A:SC@G@T637;D(MWJ4D7F&==/M_P!Y
M

Y?_1% 'O5%%% !1110 4444 %8_B7_
M )^C_\ 7Z?_ $$UL5C^)?\ D+Z/_P!?I_\ 030!L4444 %%%% !1110 5C^
M)?\ D+Z/_P!?I_\ 036Q6/XE_P0OH__ %^G_P!!- &Q1110 4444 %%%% !
M6/XE_P0OH__ %^G_P!!-;%8_B7_ )^C_\ 7Z?_ $$T ;%%%% !1110 444
M4 %8_B7_ )^C_\ 7Z?_ $$UL5C^)?\ D+Z/_P!?I_\ 030!L4444 %%%% !
M1110 5C^)?\ D+Z/_P!?I_\ 036Q6/XE_P0OH__ %^G_P!!- &Q1110 444
M4 %%%% !6/XE_P0OH__ %^G_P!!-;%8_B7_ )^C_\ 7Z?_ $$T ;%%%% !
M1110 4444 %8_B7_ )^C_\ 7Z?_ $$UL5C^)?\ D+Z/_P!?I_\ 030!L444


UL5CV7_(
M[WO_ %Y1?S- &Q1110 4444 %%%% !6/9?\ ([WO_7E%_
UL5CV7_([WO_7E
M%_
T ;%%%% !1110 4444 %8_B7_ )^C_\ 7Z?_ $$UL5C^)?\ D+Z/_P!?
MI_\ 030!L4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 CJ'0HQ.
'!(/YCI7Y4
M?\%%?^$_P /V6_A7XG_PAW_!*S4]9^!_QG^%^BWGBB&XT'Q!=S:=XB@M



M$WPWT_TOX9^'_.@SV.EZ')?!$O]28W%Q/+/=S1QI$.4CAB!4+(Q\V@#Z3H
X;-Y^4YZD=1Q7V%7@O[7/_
M 7#X&?]CW+_ .B* /8O^$'TC_GYO?\ P+:C_A!](_Y^;W_P+:MBB@#'_P$
M'TC_ )^;W_P+:C_A!](_Y^;W_P VK8HH Q_^$'TC_GYO?\ P+:C_A!](_Y^


MP+:MBB@#'_X0?2/^?F]_\VH_P$'TC_ )^;W_P+:MBB@#'_ .$'TC_GYO?_
M  +:C_A!](_Y^;W_ 


MTC_GYO?_  +:MBB@#'_X0?2/^?F]_P# MJ/^$'TC_GYO?_ MJV** 
?_ (0?

MIL


M_P$'TC_ )^;W_P+:MBB@#'_ .$'TC_GYO?_  +:C_A!](_Y^;W_ ,VK8HH
M Q_^$'TC_GYO?_ MJ/\ A!](_P?F]_\VK8HH Q_P#A!](_Y^;W_P VK,U
MSPKIUKJ.FPQSW)$]R5




M?2/^?F]_\VH_P$'TC_ )^;W_P+:MBB@#'_ .$'TC_GYO?_  +:C_A!](_Y
M^;W_ 
VK8HH Q_^$'TC_GYO?_ MJ/\ A!](_P?F]_\VK8HH Q_P#A!](_
MY^;W_P VK


MY^;W_P VK8HH Q_^$'TC_GYO?\ P+:C_A!](_Y^;W_P+:MBB@#'_P$'TC_
M )^;W_P+:LRU\*Z=)XINK!I[G9';1LI%PV[))ZFNKK'LO^1WO?\ KRB_F: #
M_A!](_Y^;W_P+:C_ (0?2/\ GYO?_ MJV** 
?\ X0?2/^?F]_\  MJ/^$'T
MC_GYO?\ P+:MBB@#'_X0?2/^?F]_\VH_P$'TC_ )^;W_P+:MBB@#'_ .$'
MTC_GYO?_  +:LRU\*Z=)XINK!I[G9';1LI%PV[))ZFNKK'LO^1WO?^O*+^9H
M /\ A!](_P?F]_\VH_X0?2/^?F]_\  MJV** 
?_A!](_Y^;W_ 
VH_X0
M?2/^?F]_\VK8HH Q_\ A!](_P?F]_\VH_X0?2/^?F]_\  MJV** 
?_A!
M](_Y^;W_ 

M #_A!](_Y^;W_P VH_X0?2/^?F]_P# MJV** ,?_A!](_Y^;W_P+:C_ (0?
M2/\ GYO?_ MJV** ,?\ X0?2/^?F]_\  MJ/^$'TC_GYO?\ P+:MBB@#'_X0
M?2/^?F]_\VK


MO_(7T?\ Z_3_ .@FMBL?Q+_R%]'_ .OT_P#H)H V**** BBB@ HHHH *Q_$
MO_(7T?\ Z_3_ .@FMBL?Q+_R%]'_ .OT_P#H)H V**** BBB@ HHHH *Q_$
MO_(7T?\ Z_3_ .@FMBL?Q+_R%]'_ .OT_P#H)H V**** BBB@ HHHH *Q_$
MO_(7T?\ Z_3_ .@FMBL?Q+_R%]'_ .OT_P#H)H V**** BBB@ HHHH *Q_$
MO_(7T?\ Z_3_ .@FMBL?Q+_R%]'_ .OT_P#H)H V**** BBB@ HHHH *Q_$
MO_(7T?\ Z_3_ .@FMBL?Q+_R%]'_ .OT_P#H)H V**** BBB@ HHHH *Q_$
MO_(7T?\ Z_3_ .@FMBL?Q+_R%]'_ .OT_P#H)H V**** BBB@ HHHH *Q_$
MO_(7T?\ Z_3_ .@FMBL?Q+_R%]'_ .OT_P#H)H V**** BBB@ HHHH *Q[+





M_P#(7T?_ *_3_P@F@#8HHHH **** BBB@ K'\2_P#(7T?_ *_3_P@FMBL
M?Q+_ ,A?1_\ K]/_ *: -BBBB@ HHHH **** L?Q+_ ,A?1_\ K]/_ *:
MV*Q_$O\ R%]'_POT_\ H)H V**** BBB@ HHHH *Q_$O\ R%]'_POT_\
MH)K8K'\2_P#(7T?_ *_3_P@F@#8HHHH **** BBB@ K'\2_P#(7T?_ *_3
M_P@FMBL?Q+_ 
A?1_\ K]/_ *: -BBBB@ HHHH **** L?Q+_ 
A?1_\
MK]/_ *:V*Q_$O\ R%]'_POT_\ H)H V**** BBB@ HHHH *Q_$O\ R%]'
M_POT_\ H)K8K'\2_P#(7T?_ *_3_P@F@#8HHHH **** BBB@ K'\2_P#(


M^O*+^9H V**** BBB@ HHHH *Q[+_D=[W_KRB_F:V*Q[+_D=[W_ *\HOYF@
M#8HHHH **** BBB@ K'LO\ D=[W_KRB_F:V*Q[+_D=[W_KRB_F: -BBBB@



M %]'_Z_3_Z: -BBBB@ HHHH **** L?Q+_P A?1_^OT_^@FMBL?Q+_P A
M?1_^OT_^@F@#8HHHH **** BBB@ K'\2_\ (7T?_K]/_H)K8K'\2_\ (7T?
M_K]/_H)H V**** BBB@ HHHH *Q_$O_ %]'_Z_3_Z:V*Q_$O_ %]'_Z_
M3_Z: -BBBB@ HHHH **** L?Q+_P A?1_^OT_^@FMBL?Q+_P A?1_^OT_^
M@F@#8HHHH **** BBB@ K'\2_\ (7T?_K]/_H)K8K'\2_\ (7T?_K]/_H)H
M V**** BBB@ HHHH *Q_$O_ %]'_Z_3_Z:V*Q_$O_ %]'_Z_3_Z: -B






M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *\%_:Y_P2X? S

MBL?Q+_R%]'_Z_3_Z: -BBBB@ HHHH **** L?Q+_R%]'_Z_3_Z:V*Q_$O
M_(7T?_K]/_H)H V**** BBB@ HHHH *Q_$O_(7T?_K]/_H)K8K'\2_\A?1_
M^OT_^@F@#8HHHH **** BBB@ K'\2_\A?1_^OT_^@FMBL?Q+_R%]'_Z_3_Z
M: -BBBB@ HHHH **** L?Q+_R%]'_Z_3_Z:V*Q_$O_(7T?_K]/_H)H V*
M*** BBB@ HHHH *Q_$O_(7T?_K]/_H)K8K'\2_\A?1_^OT_^@F@#8HHHH *
M*** BBB@ K'LO\ D=[W_KRB_F:V*Q[+_D=[W_KRB_F: -BBBB@ HHHH ***


M'LO^1WO?^O*+^9H V**** BBB@ HHHH *Q[+_D=[W_KRB_F:V*Q[+_D=[W_
M *\HOYF@#8HHHH **** BBB@ K'LO\ D=[W_KRB_F:V*Q[+_D=[W_KRB_F:

MBBB@ HHHH *Q_$O_(7T?_K]/_H)K8K'\2_\A?1_^OT_^@F@#8HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ KP7]KG_DN'P
_['N7_ -$5





M .@FMBL?Q+_R%]'_ .OT_P#H)H V**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH

A?
M1_\ K]/_ *: -BBBB@ HHHH **** L?Q+_ 
A?1_\ K]/_ *:V*Q_$O\
MR%]'_POT_\ H)H V**** BBB@ HHHH *Q_$O\ R%]'_POT_\ H)K8K'\2
M_P#(7T?_ *_3_P@F@#8HHHH **** BBB@ K'\2_P#(7T?_ *_3_P@FMBL
M?Q+_ ,A?1_\ K]/_ *: -BBBB@ HHHH **** L?Q+_ ,A?1_\ K]/_ *:
MV*Q_$O\ R%]'_POT_\ H)H V**** BBB@ HHHH *Q[+_D=[W_KRB_F:V*Q


M+_D=[W_KRB_F:V*Q[+_D=[W_ *\HOYF@#8HHHH **** BBB@ K'LO\ D=[W
M_KRB_F:V*Q[+_D=[W_KRB_F: -BBBB@ HHHH **** L?Q+_ 
A?1_\ K]/_
M *:V*Q_$O\ R%]'_POT_\ H)H V**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH

M@F@#8HHHH **** BBB@ K'\2_\ (7T?_K]/_H)K8K'\2_\ (7T?_K]/_H)H
M V**** BBB@ HHHH *Q_$O_ %]'_Z_3_Z:V*Q_$O_ %]'_Z_3_Z: -B
MBBB@ HHHH **** L?Q+_P A?1_^OT_^@FMBL?Q+_P A?1_^OT_^@F@#8HHH
MH **** BBB@ K'\2_\ (7T?_K]/_H)K8K'\2_\ (7T?_K]/_H)H V**** 
MBBB@ HHHH *Q_$O_ %]'_Z_3_Z:V*Q_$O_ %]'_Z_3_Z: -BBBB@ HHH
MH **** L?Q+_P A?1_^OT_^@FMBL?Q+_P A?1_^OT_^@F@#8HHHH **** 
MBBB@ K'\2_\ (7T?_K]/_H)K8K'\2_\ (7T?_K]/_H)H V**** BBB@ HHH




M** L?Q+_P A?1_^OT_^@FMBL?Q+_P A?1_^OT_^@F@#8HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ KP7]KG_ )+A\#/^Q[E_]$5[U7@O

M\2_\A?1_^OT_^@F@#8HHHH **** BBB@ K'\2_\A?1_^OT_^@FMBL?Q+_R%
M]'_Z_3_Z: -BBBB@ HHHH **** L?Q+_R%]'_Z_3_Z:V*Q_$O_(7T?_K]
M/_H)H V**** BBB@ HHHH *Q_$O_(7T?_K]/_H)K8K'\2_\A?1_^OT_^@F@
M#8HHHH **** BBB@ K'\2_\A?1_^OT_^@FMBL?Q+_R%]'_Z_3_Z: -BBBB
M@ HHHH **** L?Q+_R%]'_Z_3_Z:V*Q_$O_(7T?_K]/_H)H V**** BBB



M\2_\A?1_^OT_^@FMBL?Q+_R%]'_Z_3_Z: -BBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH

M_P#K]/\ Z: -BBBB@ HHHH **** L?Q+_R%]'_ .OT_P#H)K8K'\2_\A?1
M_P#K]/\ Z: -BBBB@ HHHH **** L?Q+_R%]'_ .OT_P#H)K8K'\2_\A?1
M_P#K]/\ Z: -BBBB@ HHHH **** L?Q+_R%]'_ .OT_P#H)K8K'\2_\A?1
M_P#K]/\ Z: -BBBB@ HHHH **** L?Q+_R%]'_ .OT_P#H)K8K'\2_\A?1
M_P#K]/\ Z: -BBBB@ HHHH **** L?Q+_R%]'_ .OT_P#H)K8K'\2_\A?1
M_P#K]/\ Z: -BBBB@ HHHH **** L?Q+_R%]'_ .OT_P#H)K8K'\2_\A?1
M_P#K]/\ Z: -BBBB@ HHHH **** L?Q+_R%]'_ .OT_P#H)K8K'\2_\A?1






-R
MT4T422CF
2NRE7,.7_:&\;0?\$L/^B'[-?AOX2:EJMO\*OC_K-[X$\9^$=

GC)49&:A_X+6^











MFB_^ %Y_\9KU/_AE_P#9I_Z-X\_^$E9_P#QJC_AE_\ 9I_Z-X\_P#A)6?_
M 


MDT7_ 



UE:








UE:]_P5B_




?\ QFO4_P#AE_\ 9I_Z
M-X\_P#A)6?_ 

MW1:5A87GRC;U/[FO:/\ AE_]FG_HWCP+_P$E9__ !JO%?VG_P!G_P VC_&




M]'2:+_X 7G_QFO4_^&7_ -FG_HWCP+_X25G_ /&J/^&7_P!FG_HWCP+_ .$E

EM[!_#=J88I&=MSJACVJQ[D#)H U_P#A[=_P3H_Z.DT7_P
M+S_XS1_P]N_X)T?]'2:+_P %Y_\9KU/_AE_]FG_ *-X\_^$E9__&J/^&7_
M -FG_HWCP+_X25G_ /&J /+/^'MW_!.C_HZ31?\ P O/_C-'_#V[_@G1_P!'



M)I]MX*TR6WL'\-VIABD9VW.J&/:K'N0
F@#7_P'MW_!.C_HZ31?_ \_P#C





*^!_V?\ X#7'[=?CGPY<?!+PC)I]MX*TR6WL
M'\-VIABD9VW.J&/:K'N0


M/ O_ (25G_\ &J /+/\ A[=_P3H_Z.DT7_P O/\ XS1_P]N_X)T?]'2:+_X
M7G_QFO4_^&7_ -FG_HWCP+_X25G_ /&J/^&7_P!FG_HWCP+_ .$E9_\ QJ@#
MRS_A[=_P3H_Z.DT7_P  +S_XS1_P]N_X)T?]'2:+_P %Y_\9KU/_AE_]FG_
M *-X\_^$E9__&J/^&7_ -FG_HWCP+_X25G_ /&J /+/^'MW_!.C_HZ31?\
MP O/_C-95I_P5B_X)XIXMN[U_P!IW1Q$]K&J2&PO

O\ [-/_

EM[!_#=J8
M8I&=MSJACVJQ[D#)H U_^'MW_!.C_HZ31?\ P O/_C-'_#V[_@G1_P!'2:+_



O_ +-/_1O'





T?\
M/;O^='_ $=)HO\ X 7G_P 9KU/_ (9?_9I_Z-X\_\ A)6?_P :H_X9?_9I






MX)T?]'2:+_X 7G_QFO4_^&7_ -FG_HWCP+_X25G_ /&J/^&7_P!FG_HWCP+_
M .$E9_\ QJ@#RS_A[=_P3H_Z.DT7_P  +S_XS6KX_;W_9!^/_CK2//P@^.





K*.7^#'[''P6^7C^
M]^+VD)K_ (@\9W^DII


D]ZO4 %%%% !

'I6A


M_$
'I6AXO\:^$O &CC7_ !IXAM=
(X9VN_VI-?:289
MRBK

MDU]I)AG**LQ0H2P_B&#TK1\5^

[7
M?A;4FOM)


MK0[1XTN=6UW48[6WC=W(IDD8+N9V557.69@ 2!6[0 4444 %%%% !1110

[7?A;4FOM)




%G#.-:U?38+&]


^%/A

XUK5]-@L;UVG)C

NDHH **** BBB@
M HHHH *YO3/A3X1TCXHZI\8+.&<:UJ^FP6-Z[3DQF&(DH G8Y/7O7244 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %<WXW^%/A'X@^(O#GBCQ'#.UWX6U)K[23#.459BA0EA_$,'
MI7244 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 45Y[;?';7/

M/
O_  _-'O=;99)'#V\:ML!=%0$S
L0!PW_!:3Q5^Q
G[?-CHO\ P5R_;.\2

ES]@1KBX6V6RM&*MM5?M:8DC
M!D63[0_8

/#NG26.

M


M%NUA$=K[53[3'^\17=)/MG]@S_@L!_P3W_X*4WNH:!^R7\?;;6M=TJU^TZCX
M9U+3KC3]1A@W!3
L-RB&:



M^-VH^/O?QFU*]\4? +XO:[(&O-5FE

'O
XPEJ /TIHHHH **** BO-['XUZIXX^(WQ
M-^ GA'2X=*\6^]*T^[TJZU8F6UO(-1MIC9WK(F'$0NK6\@9
Y/V1R&^; ^&
MOV#/C'^T+_P3-_;LU#_@EC^WC\:=1\=^'OBK?7WBK]GOXO:_'Y3ZK=S2F?4M

M]F?6/BDSZG.([9;^YU:/2%O7)X+V]I'?1H!S_P 3!\9)%=1^S!_P6M_X)]_M



M$RVFH&--K&$7
=W 8\@L;)\
-WR_#_\ P3T^
O[0'_!-S]MO4O\ @DI^WC\9

 'J'QO



MV5Q+A+=+

U#5T^T6\\5]IT5Q:ZF(EVEH5G:Z@





%*/!WP$_:X_8T^
'A;
MQ+\6?#7Q=\*WWPMUSPOJ
;:G-9MJML=5LKF)2)UMHK!KNYGAE4&+[
VY1EU8

M-L-3U6
7



M%%% !1110 4RY-R+:0V:(TP0^4LK$*6QP00

_#

MY^./QR_80_:HUC_@BW^W9\3;_P 5:@8+CQ%^SQ\4M:9O


KZC$MR+<W.FV=[#J
ML40P)5$5[E(V(5I;9XV888CXX_X)4?'?XX?L2?M+:S_P11_;M^)%YXFUW3+2


M?6K;0;VY\-V
-UJ
=I*UA;7$WEQS3!241F .U2V 3@X!S7EZ_%'Q5^T'H'Q:

HY^5\?(
M/_!)OX__ !L_8]_:$US_ ((F_MU_$&Z\0^*O#%C)K7P(^(^K
X;QUX5+
WE
MTC
6O+0AU9-S'9&X&5@\QP#RO0?^1W[2'_!6W]F^_\ VSO^H/QHU#4/B!X






6(HV-T 6D9YF8C]/\ ]D7XFR?%+]G/

J3H5C680+@RR14 ?J%1110 4444 %%

K


L.E:?IQN8L6\;PI;A(H



M




SA20@)X!)XR?6O%M?\




K+%YT
MT2 %Y$( /TQHHHH **** J'BK69_#GA?4O$-MIDM])86$UQ'90??N&1PC7















ZYTNXT?SVL8K&*Z$MLUO%I01_
96W^9ZY_P $2O\ @HU\

^+6DVJ*L9U*V8H+M%0E4679(I4':)8
M9@H!:X+X??\$-_BS^R_\;/%&M_L _\ !3+QS\&?A/XXUB74O$WPAT_P=IVK
M6]M-,?WQTJYO2RZ62.%98)'4*@+,$0+J_P#!+K]E?PC^SQ_P4E_;-U3X0:,;
M#P//=?#S0+!)6E1M3L/#IFOTCY:28I?VKR.6+/)-(SDL3@ ^]:*** BBB


OA#\1[WX4:GXAU77O!OB+7$MQ=ZAH?V*_NM.O/(

M=3.63QGX?(5;'7H_,RR1M&LIY.]T9]K3%% .#\,?L57W_!1/]A#P'^W1^R7
M^WQ\4O#'QS\2^#;37K#XC:?\1M1DTF[U=H@]QIMWH[3/8PV27(E@:VA@3RMF
M)KK)[#_P $4/\ @HUXU_X*%_LOZLWQY\,6^@?%_P%OBNZ\'?%C1+90L::

MQGK$NH^(/@_I_A'3]4CLY)C^^&E7MX6_LO(^572!W4!
LVQ2-K_@E;^RYX3_

3(6
MW'=NH ^\J*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **BO[^QTJQFU35+V*VMK

M;*2PMB8RS!6GMWD16&P;V:

M;^'7C+PS=WPN[;3M;6Q@N+6[BE4?O;9A=6LP(W9&[:SKMD;'_P+7[96A_\



?








?-D2?\
M!2C]@?X=_P#!1W]E/6_V=_&M^^DZIYB:GX(\66H(NO#FN6^6M+^%E(8%&)5@
MI!:-Y%!4MD5_VJ+_ $C]K?\ X)^ZC\7/V8]8MO$\\FA6'COX77VG
634=1TV
M:'5]-52!N42SVL43#&0LCJRGE:]U\

M$2('21N T;C.&4@$$$'I0!\@?\ !'3]N?\ :'_:C^#5[\)/VJ_@?XFTWXF_
MG7;_P '_$7QBNGQKH&L:EITQMVN;2Y+J+AY2A
BPHPCD5\B-6CSZK^R+_P3
M

MO*1@I*JS L :]LT#P_H'A31;;PWX6T.STW3K*$16=AI]LD

$8Z(B( JJ/0



N!YD3QSP

MLC%U@1DBD613L4Q;_I7P7^SM^S]\-_&NH_$GX=_ OP;H'B/5U*ZMK^B^&+2U






%6
M/C__ 


;5Y=4


N(KF!HWL



MO+R ?F)Y&:Z?0]#T3PQHUKX=\-Z/:Z?I]C;I!96%C;K%#;Q* %C1$ 5%   4
M   5:H **KZMJ^E:!I=QKFNZG;V5E:0M-=WEW

:C+.[L0%4 $DDX KY2
M_;L_;8_;/\ ?%F']F#_@G1^QQ:?%?X@6WAF#Q'XJU#Q+XDBTG1/#^G3SW$%H

MC:
@FO;J::.WMK6


M%W?+6%XM\0?%#_@N#_P1@^*WPQU?X1W_ 
+OBK/_ &EX;U?P??:AN_LKQ7H]



MYB_X*E?\$]_#?_!1?]F&Y^%\&OMX;\=^';^+7_A7XZMB4N?#GBV.^VN4=?F
M6-F&R0+R48D?.B,/A/\ 84^'G[2'[/W[*?[0G_!.;Q/)JOC'Q/\ L8?$[1/&
M/P@OHH6EO-9\/[QK-C81*H.^2XM[:^MBD[?MIA7 C7'Z[@6NIV.)8-\-Q%\
MT4\)&Y6'1D89'!P01[$4 ?)?_!(3]O?XR_MN_L\6Z_M!_L^^)_#'CWP;=7GA



MU\/^'M)MKPL;=(+*RLH%BAMXD 58T10%10  %   &!5F@ HJOJNK:5H.FSZ
MUKFIV]E9VL32W-W=S+'%@&2S



W7@XG175@.%R& YSXEZW\4_^X7_  1*
M^)7@NW^%.I?#'XJW)O=)OO!U[?\ [S2?%N@ZG'<QVRW&%^1[JRAQ(0-@EYSM
MR=O_ ()Q?M7?!7_@N/\ \$UM8^$_[2_A.;Q3;Z9)X-^//@/4(/(N=/U5%
;



%64CD$'!!H ^4?^

A?5?#W
MABTLKF^Y#?OI88U:7D _


MO
EI9J\C(;F\G^SRL$5E6- C
2'X /I3XX_%[PW\ _A%X@^
7BVRO[NR\/Z;

M!F339WD\NS\50Q(#\Z/)LFP



DMW':+$&

3:K*
ML2&-F)\P;0#Z _:F_:)\.?LM?!B]^+?B'2I-1D74=/TG1-(@G6)]2U34+V&Q
ML;42-\L8DN;B%&D((C4LY!FOF'XX_\ !67XM?L#?%?P[H/_  4P_9;TSP5\


MP7;YRE@I4XZS]A[]I']G;_@OI_P3 U+P1\=O#%O)J6I:4WA?XS^98_)NM#U
MN-0'D2-P6@/F(MS;O@E%&=\3@ 'KNK:A8_#K_@HGX4\=:3?0RZ%\;/AG/HD
MMW;R!HI]5T65]0T[80=K&6QU#6&+CJME&.0!MY__ (*S?\$\W_;]_9WMK?X:
M^)/^$6^+_P /-43Q-\&?'

M?6C?M-?[]BKQI^R3\5(-2\5?$#]A;]H#3I/5]9VDD]UK'A55BG40QKN=Y)
#0!\P_\$G/V^OB!^W]^R[H7Q+^)_PSSXJ\%^);2UDL/%USJ6FI!I5U
MJMM(8)SI\C2%[F!V5I%=%:-/FC

L0
M!ZD@5\7_ +;'_!0/]N;3_P!H?5/V0/\ @E_^QGI?Q0\8^$M$L]5^(7B?QGXA
.=473O#?QK^'OCF;7O#UE?/REIJ7VFQLY[
MX&?.9-K 


M\7O^7/Q2^%GC7Q%I:V_C;Q-\1_WV7PKHDUNZS?;-

MSAY'







J@=RP Y-?%?[:'_  4'_;N@_:)U



P&R.1T\@\?


MC]BWQ/\ %KXQ_P#!&']DS]JJ?2]3U[QI\.+GPYJNRUMY+B\OM.CEET+46J


I=)0I3:VPN75@/H:'PGX6M_%-QXYM_#5@FMWEA#



M8[BWG0
54E054DJ/A_]HBSN_P#@A?\ \%&_;:\)6DD'[+O[0NOP6'QPTFV

WPQ6
MYC'1!K6@7(CD/O+/8ZK 

M[0/PVTBYUO5/AW\3M&UFV@T:!KF6[TN]9])U+RUC!
H73M2NK@(
AGMXR.0I

I(*D$$$@T ?.


Y


M?^WW_P %!=&^


%%

M\::


1R1RJ S
)%3U;X&_LM?LS?L

RQJTLLBQQ






O^





8\L_X++_L






%2
%B
LS$*%')) %?#G[8G_  46_PB^E?%CQG


MJT+D:UD!*S6LR@D)-%(KQ.N3AD.1@EG['G[2/AC]LK]ESP!^U+X8\-W6E6
M?C7PW;:O#I6H8:?3Y)(\20

MG7LC=%2P9FPJDCV;7O#^@^*M'N/#WB?1+34M/NTV75C?VRS0S+UVNC@JPXZ$

_AW]H.'X'^-/ 

T\B$RBV#L9)H4
M8 I.\21RHZ

KWVHSZEK.J:A-YMWJE_.VZ:
MZN)
 -(QP
 *B(J1QJD:(B].  


N988I4#R@
/-+1+&S*-P!]0?M2?M(C



MOFPR



M ^/EI\%?&WP^B\1:';745KXNTV.VF666/
GD*Y+RQHWW)GB1)59'0
I('H/P
MG^$O@_X
^%6\*^#X)V%S?W&H:KJ-[-YMUJ5].YDGN[B3 WRNY). %4!4141$








SJG
MG%UX7_@G-\7?VC?C5^R]^S+^TA\8O^KWWQ-^%/Q!USX1?&/RK=[BZDLWEET

MF16MU&\L67



DD:1NR
M?





BKM:4.G
MT)^TQX8\2Z!^T9\$?V@O!WAZ]U!]+\1ZAX2\5+I]J\KQZ'K%J&:5@@)V1ZE8
M:0[L?E2
2.2 IKV;7?#^@^*-

CJZ





9;F_O)
MY6FN+NXD/
LTLKO([GJS'H
 =)10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !6=XA

'*+)Y$NW/7;GH
M1GYV_PK7_!

N4G
MAD0HZ
.X*L0?K7@O_!-K3;)/@!I\/B6#[1XY\#V[_#/Q9K$[$W%\GAR^O;2T

M;Q7$6HVEY8PS_8-6L9QY6HPJKB
$E'*QQ_.1'&%]E_:.^#'_  4$^.GQU'@7
MP?\ '_P5X^ =YH0^(9=#TBYG\:ZC.[.MS;0W$I^RV$+Q%%6X17G3+E0K;'


M

*27=W





[6)=&U6-!V$8L=)F;'!?4&/4G(!\E?M8_\$S?^J7
M@WXJ?$K_ (*%?L@_\%
-2TOQE?:V?$\'P-&BO_PB6JQVME;VJ:?

M'!KD?A[2+F;QIJ\K[ENK5;J4_9K!T(47$2O.H+[=C[)$^A?#GAW0O'AZP\

TNRBM-.L;6
)%;01H$CC11PJJJ@ =@* /GG_@FI_P $TOAI_P $



M 

M!R05-? '_!-G_@K-^QK_ 

MX3N+2YUJZDT^UAU%I-\L/ER*%N-I0Y+DK'\]??GP('_J?VX/C)\%9/W=AXS
MM-(^(WA]2?E,TT/]DZG#&.PCETVSN'[;]4SU8X /D+]JO_@FS_P54^%/Q^)



M$+Q3XCV37
JMKFN7

L&ACP0M+/=7$TJ06]K!$OS33S3R10Q1*S

MM0

M]YXEUQYLVBK%IMXUD\CKD&(3R1W /(S;JW\- 'VCXN\%:1\=O@KJOPY^*7A.


M




MR8XO-9?

M



M+X:C/K!JD#6=]GJ5U#2[FY?N#J2YX9: /C#]J+_@GE_P %6/V7=9^(G_!2

MV5Q!%*+;6-

?C;X%\
M-?LU7^E0V]YH/AC2+J3Q;XC1X0M[8W=Y
?(LK:5BZ%[96F
)*JT3MYB_2UG9







7CK5]#@TCXBSQNQW:WI
DVGWT)SQB*]BO$' /'/H/ /

MHOJ?[5TW4IV[C[:F?O D ^*OVFO^?W_  58_8XN?B#_ ,%*/V:?^DNH:QJ







M[X*\!6VJW!@TNX\9^*K/2TO)1C


MBO._BI_P2;_9%_:I^.OQ1_:)_;J^&&A_$:+7H[/3? [^(;R22W\-^'(=*M?

'[.GAOX]ZUH4%GXR\3Z':P
M_$ 1




MP2W?6?%VNSW. &9_*M;=W:*QMPSMMAB P-H=I&7=7OM%% !7)?&SXT^#?@-X

RAYI9&51N9449=V1$=U\T\:
M_P#!3O\ 8&^&WQ)@^%/Q_:?\.:'JEUJTFE6UUJ[2V^FRW\;%)+-=1D06;7




X6*75K2VC*0YRI=4D



SIFC0ZCH7BZ*03.J:3*Z+)/DY\Z*
M6)]Q=LEV+UUOQ2_9O_;@_:3^/_B3P5\;_C)XTK]FJ=;=+7P3X2T6Y?Q#XIM


M2*** O.OVA/VN_V6/V3-+L-9_:=_:)\%^ +;59FBTN3Q=XDMK#[8ZXW(3.




M:+:Z3HFBV

M&K/1=*\X@R/%;Q+&))  TC[2['NS$]Z[6BB@ KS_P.W[6/[+G[+MK87G[2
MO[1O@;X?Q:K*8]
?QGXKM-
%VPQN$7VB1-^
C.W.


MW
QX5%S@MC0?VDA^W-^Q4OQ;_8DU&#4(?BFI:/X;\3W


65ON_P-X%\%?#


Y &YR$W
_X(_P#[$/QZU[XR_M#?\%$/AMHOC#4_%EW<
MF+Q/X@U!_P#BE/#5K;+':PV
A8#3Q&B2W#O'AC+-(S
1@  ^B_VP/@Y?_M%?


B^*[OQ-\6?@;J^@FST.YTJ_U%[O5/[)C:YF%G+&US/,F K,026/
M,4GZ3?M5_ G0?VG_ -F_QK^SQXGT;2KZP\9^';G2;F'6K=I;9!,A03,B%69H
MR1*H5D;?&N'C.'7R#Q'^S;^W#^T)^T)K^G_M.?&7P'9_ RUJVNO_P^\#:+
M<G5O$<4+)+''K=[=':D0G0,]O:J%G551W$9DCD^GZ /'OV'/V,/ O[7[/N@


MYCD\IX+2^F1;2ZE60&

M&_%OX%Z=^TK\(_#5M:S_ !2T.P\5S17

M5W @_&OQ!_X+

*9
LWVB
MXTR22$Q7.YF;SX)HSEG.
RR%^HU3]FW]N+X_?MZY'^U5\9O =M\=
\26]_






MG%G)#)=-









MG[6OA+_@I#KWQD^'EKXQL+3XL?/Q+H7V2PCTO4M1C@FN=&C-Q.+226Z$JQ
M*4W!3EW&8W_0W]MS]F'PU^V?^RCXY_9:\76&F36/C?0Y-
DFU6U::.Q9R-MX
MJ*5+30
!/$ RYEB3YT^\/-+/]F[]N+XX_M!:UJ?[8GQF\!+\&]$\8QZI\/\



M[U

MF:_XM\77_B/6=2^)&J73RWWA_2XY9UTB*PD)_P!%%M8QV8$2##R*X8.&VT ?
M3O[?_P ._%/Q'_9&\8V_P]L/M/BOP];6_BGP7 



M)KJ.00(4RJG+N
H?T$_;J_95\
?MO?LE^./V5/&%IISV/C;1VTY[O4[4S+IS


U\Q?MA?M@:9^S





XMX%2
M+[1$DA=EC5*^GJ .$_9S^ 7A?]F_X:_\*_\ #FI76HSWFLZCK?B#6[](UN=7
MU6_NY;R]O)1&JHK23S2
$10B+M10%10.[HILTT5O$T\\JHB*6=W; 4#DDD]!

L5\T)-(


MM$=3T*&:0D21QF:4.H9MCVN&Q

M2\#
MQQ



M&

CJWP





&OB;X3?\$+?V-?C/X*^('CS]OS]GVQ\?_%#

I /B7X8_L<_\%%?^+7CWX1^
])_PA/B;X[?!

LNDM'
D@O+901_I

M4

]$N(K9F

^%7A;Q



M$[JXG^/?A.74Y9SX\\)2LIN4 8E8Y;**.-H0BA4BMT.&
JWW[^SE^T)\*/V
MKO@9X7_:,^!WBB+6/GB_28]0T:^CP8VX:-UR=DJ.&C=#RCHRGD&NSEBBGB
M:&:-71U*NC#(8'J.XK\^_V_P!C+]K;]A/]N_XM?!C]F*RT2W_93\0:G:^)
M=.MO%4-RDWAC6[@E]0TS1H5V?:+9U-O++!98PAEDAN(W (O^F'[+_ 
=_





M:\\&Z;K7BKX9_%GQ9I_CSPUKT(D'B#2M5UF\U&#4MIP761[F41?F4QQ29!D
M0UQO_!,6^^+G_!*/_@H[K/\ P11^,'BC4?$7PC\
?Q-HVA_

MVB?@#\=?B]^QAXN^#NH_ _7=6US6KCQ?JNE7)EN;K29]/;2]/EL;J9KF!Y)X
6BQJ\KQHWU5:_!;P2OCCP
MO\4=3M[B[\2^$_#%[H.F:Q)=2*[6=V]E)<K(H;;)ODT^U?YP=ICR,$FMW3O
MGA;2-;O_ !+I/AK3[74=5

MBBB@#\W?^._C;X7?M:?LO?&[_@EK^U]X'T[6?%?PL^)WBC0_B1X7UR'=_;

M 



M?^Q/\5_^7_[8O@;3];\6?CQ_XB\


Z_=?9=*^(^DJ$7R)9AQ!=A(XT61_D)B@8
MLABR_=^&_!/Q1_;?_:T^ _[5GQ/_ &0/%OPAO?@?%XCN;_\ X334=,FFNKS4
M],_LYM.M#874_P!HM@)'G:X<1*3;P!%8O((@#BOCW_P3B_9G^'6H_LS?L6?L
MD?BS\/6VA?M#:7\4]=6XFNKB*RT*UN)'U[N;AY)YGDN7T^Q5I'9C]H55^

MK
(-+GG+GQ'&LC$ZMI7+LJ;(U0@*L47GD_IA\
_B5X#^
OP










M'CM84/V[^V7_ 






?M9_MQ_#3







M \MU_P#X*#?M'^

M=#^%^B^_$/C=TDM_PVK733

'8L_[U_F^9@?3O!W@#P-\/
M+6^L? ?@[3-%AU/5[K5=2BTNQC@6ZOKF5IKBZD ;YI9&9WD.69B22:UZ B


$3/VU_$UQXE\3_




^+.J?&ZRTIX_$FL^'K'1-2O5N7VSV5G/=SVT9CSL)2






MW\0_C+\;/^HG[?C;]@K]I?_@G+\3?A_P#%?Q?X9?0]7CU[PJTWA33M0; 3
V*[2B@#\X/^<V
MG_LG_P#!;3_@A_X5_9L^.O@.WD;PKX9M_ OC/0FA6*_\+Z]I5LEJEU!N!:VF

/

3P7/P




M*,X J[0 4444 %5]7L)-5TFZTN+4KBS:YMWB6\LV430%E(\QP8!ESD9!&0
M
@]*L44 ?E)\2_AKI'_!O#^VEIW[4/PALM0MOV2_C7J5KHOQCT2:_N+U? OB

M

MM\;?V+O^6/PA:Z\8ZO\7_$UI\4/C?XLMG@\,^!(XKC^RH_);;G4M0:SL8)8
MXHPRIYD;-O D?HA^SK^S=H_P+T33]2U/7IM=\92^!/#_ASQ;XJ=7A&N-I4$


MEI'543
C?
4EM]^91(:SOB'_ 




%E13










_#3P;I?A_0=)MQ!IFC:+81VMK:1#HD<48H.2< #K6O
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 45\(?\%S?VS_VQ/V/
MAA\./BW^S#X[\)PQ^

M*1SS7[9?_!1O]MK_ ()*_%SX4:A^V7J?P]^*/P:^)?BN/PQJ7B_PAX/N_#VL



HAVJH8H6VKNV@ ]


M_=&Y'.,GZW_ &4&_:CM_ ^L^'_VN=4T#5/$VD^*[VUL-?\ #&C/I]GJ^F?)
M):7*VTDTS0N4DV2)YC@21N 2,&@#UBBB@ HKXA_9T_:G_:RU[_@MQ\9_P!C
M+XK_ !2T?5O 'A;X2Z5XB\*:/I'A:.Q^RS75S&I
LK/+--(%WJ3YHC.01&IK
MZ


^6;&2WS!4 /4J*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B

_%'
ZFD%LU_!&HEC03HZ8=B%7:JK]2_M@?\$A_COXH_;7N?^A_P#P3F_;

M+6&P@2.V2*.%6=44LQWRN\K '-^$/^5_PSEX+^ /BW]J?2O%7Q#'Q$\=_L

2(J.X;Y'TG]KOXJ_LW






MC 2W$FW$8(7 ).

MPL=+;3-&6***#2M/TU=5'D11*DK*SW$A:2ZGD8

O

%RM9_80^




8DBLEC8&TBWAI%CB*K&TC; HP!#_ 
$DOA[IWB+P-_P4$^%6


Q#:L9:-MP5C(0C 'YO?!C]BKX2_&C_ (-6
M[']K[XD:QXJU7XC^O 'B7Q)X$\23^+;V-O#5Y9ZWJ$ZO910R)$CR/&S23,K
MS2&4AIJ1+']7_\ !0OXY?&K4/V)?V*/BK\2]:OG^$_BKQ=X*N_VF=:A9D@?




M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** O-_VE_V/OV6_P!LGPA!X$_:F^ ?A?QYI=I*TMC!XCTF.X:S
MD8 
\$A&^!B  6C920
$XKTBB@#QS]EW_@GO^Q+^Q7+=7G[+/[


!O9X1@B%[F3=
T8(!$9?:,XKV.BB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB




MC80Q /O:BN8^WQG^%W[1/PIT#XX?!3QI9^(OG

 R




M_;]2V^



55MV$. 3@&A^Q[^UZW[9G[

M_9H\?^'=0^#GB3^PO'NI^);C21:VMZ6N%5(OLU]
\X)MG^94P 5)(S7U/0 4


SW
J 1HJ'=L$DG(VQMSC9_9/\ CF/VH/V6

-%-[]I_L_PWV,-U]G\[8GF[/-V;]B;MN=JYP #O
MZ*** BOF#_@I)_P4]\)_P#!

?3)

M  4R\:_'GP5=?'C]E_\ 8;\??$+X5PWMS#I?C+2]:TFTNO$4-O*\4UWIFGW=

:


_9T^#?B3XX?$$W3:3X

/A

:QE0(A
\Y+S.SJ%C12Q 9N%1B #ZVH


NB_#OXL?%










MCE4_
DHW*C!E7U:@ HKY$_:Q_PQGP-_8D_;%^&O[('[1GPE\9Z))\6-36Q
M\(^.E.G2:(SM.MOF=Q=^? !))&+1?*)58\!BOUW0 45\C^%/^POP1^)O\
MP4D\5_\ !

M


M][QO^J/%_P#ANWX/?]OXU_\)*X_PH_X;M^#W_0K^-?_  DKC_O:**\G^SN

#.?:J?AUPIQ_D']/8S&PI


MDL:RH58*P! (/0\]*FHKU


VT

MC/(Z1VRS^4\$






ZN+FXO$,<4(F?<C('=HBJC8PDK] XOBM^VO
M^T%^QS\1_%?Q _8@U?PIJ_B7PO=Z5X)^%L?BC2[C6BTEE.INKVYEN8+2!9)9
M(T6$2,\:Q[W.9#'%R'_!OY^S]^TC^R!_P3$\ ?LE?M3? ?5/!7BOP3+KWGV


)8 M'&UP8PQ W;-V!NP








M^S__ -5\1O_  @[O_OHJBO:_M#A/\ Z *G_@]?_*3Q/[.XN_Z#Z?\ X3O_
M .7'SK_P\Y_9_P#^A*^(W_A!W?\ A5+Q%_P5


HDSRWB^46E





M  3Z^+GP

MEFPIP
D9S/\ @E#X*^./P(_X)P?[X(_'?X:YX6\7_#[P'9:+J6AW&KZ5=F

M




M'47N_LBZG)#%.EM.-



M@#PG_@C]^U9\2OV+?^#=FT_X*


!)-3M+&
223WTL8/EQ[O*69Q))L0&&@#0^(O_


MUC\8OC%HVC6ES#HFOVNEVLBV:M-;SVELEW=RW!\YX9$6.U?:$4F6.O\ MQ?
MJ+]M*Z^+W[.O[=/_  33\1_$+PQ:ZAN^!/Q \*1Z0]V(9=+M\44YNX[G3IX
M[_[1^\G6\J;0Y*H0T'PF^#'[7_[/'[(7[.G['?[6O[


M%12J+X+_ 





M#/9SOJ0= ?M#$O*@\F*
RF&-%%Q7 ?$+]OS]JO]E#XY?LH^_'_ .UUIWCS



;G7-$NOL

MG[1 \

!]


MU;1_%7A!]22]73=3TW4KG3KJ-)X_EE3SK60J1G .

M[+NL^.K_ 

* FW&XEA@ WO






MB

?^AA3_P#=_\ R\W^M9%_TS_ /!O_P!S/
_^&K/AS_T


MU6'_ 


YXZG32;B\/=Q;6J;5=IM;73:[,^7J8C(
M(5'&.'DTGO[7?SUIWU\]3S/_ (:L^'/_ $ O$W_A/3?X4?\ #5GPY_Z 7B;_
M ,)Z;_O3**U_LWC'_H84_\ PG?_ 
O(^M9%_P! L_\ P;_]S.4^'OQA\+_$
MQ
]EJEC-:7B(

5]!@
M*6.HX90Q=55*FMY1CR)]O=YI6LO/4\S$SP]2LY4(.

_OLOR/QI^'7QK_
M .FO_!M#HX^!W[0OP/OOCU^R+HU_,?OQ(\'1*-9\)6
L[2&.[BX4!6D)V3
G3
MW-_<7NHX20!H91=3SYB(SN8!0P9<^:_L[?M3_MH_#_]ECPS\-OVT/\ @G%\

K7_A!XJBEL;O4/B3XU





;([D0W PV?
MXR






\BPRPSJ3%


#'8D5]I?LQ^+?$'C_\ 9L^'OCOQ;*SZ

9_+=1&WZ':5
$O 7ASQ!J%H^M^(W*E7O;J&TFF2V
MB&^8*LC^80L'R\-B]X]^!/[9^J_\'?A3]N_2_V




7D%PLJ1A/M*S$ ^@O@G;_\ !1/P;XQ^/OPG_:OO
M;/Q?\


M-O/Y31A(YX8D6927 *LAKE/V\?#_ .W[\6/VC?V7?VH+']A#Q-XP^'?@^ZU2

MD

M-O[









ZQ82X12C
6#!@0
#/#?\'!?[

















GQ!
5Y92

'[+/_!R!KGP6EUQM7U2P_8F

QVKZ*N_VS_BA^UQX]^-'AWX-







%HMH7-PUT+A(DVO&D0'F
SX6-9O.?V@/V


M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%


<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_twnk_PaymentsForSelfInsurance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedBonusesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=twnk_USBreakfastAssetsofARYZTALLCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_twnk_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherthanOptionsVestedinPeriodPostModification'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityUnusedCapacityCommitmentFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityUnusedCapacityCommitmentFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=twnk_HostessBrandsLLCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableRateAxis=us-gaap_BaseRateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityUnusedCapacityCommitmentFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableRateAxis=us-gaap_BaseRateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableRateAxis=us-gaap_BaseRateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableRateAxis=us-gaap_LondonInterbankOfferedRateLIBORMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityUnusedCapacityCommitmentFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableRateAxis=us-gaap_LondonInterbankOfferedRateLIBORMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableRateAxis=us-gaap_LondonInterbankOfferedRateLIBORMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeFinanceLeaseTermOfContract1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_twnk_LesseeFinanceLeaseNumberOfRenewalTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeFinanceLeaseRenewalTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=twnk_DevelopmentAuthorityofColumbusGAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_twnk_TaxExemptBond'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_twnk_DeferredTaxAssetsImputedInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_twnk_DeferredTaxAssetDisallowedInterestCarryforward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_twnk_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesInvestmentinSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_twnk_TaxReceivableAgreementDueinNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_twnk_TaxReceivableAgreementDueinSecondYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_twnk_TaxReceivableAgreementDueinThirdYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_twnk_TaxReceivableAgreementDueinFourthYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_twnk_TaxReceivableAgreementDueinFifthYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_twnk_TaxReceivableAgreementDueafterFifthYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_twnk_TaxReceivableAgreementTextBlock'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock'
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseCostTableTextBlock'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentTextBlock'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Calibri'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTaxPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCashFlowHedgeGainLossAfterReclassificationBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCashFlowHedgeGainLossAfterReclassificationTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_twnk_SummaryOfTaxReceivableAgreementTableTextBlock'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_twnk_TaxReceivableAgreementFiscalYearMaturityScheduleTableTextBlock'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentAnnualReport'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentTransitionReport'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFileNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CityAreaCode'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LocalPhoneNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityInteractiveDataCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntitySmallBusiness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityShellCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentsIncorporatedByReferenceTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_Security12bTitle'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_SecurityExchangeName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_WarrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_Security12bTitle'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_SecurityExchangeName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfUnvestedRestrictedStockUnitsRollForwardTableTextBlock'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<sup style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<sup style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman'
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman'
sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_twnk_ContractWithCustomerInvoicePaymentPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_twnk_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareAmortization1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfReportableSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LandAndBuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=twnk_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksAndTradeNamesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsIndefinitelivedExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'

O+G)E;'.MDD^+
MPD 
Q;]*F?L:5\'#8CUYZ6U9_ )Q)OU#.Y



*P).B0\5?UX^8 TBTH_0(:+L A#&^NQT:E8(C

MY!1-SW2$J/2'.B((SAMP2

M#CUEJ


!FGK_# J5,7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%
O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S
M^!7+5(UEHP$35T$FN8BT\OELQ?S:WCYES^DZ'3*!;C ;6!_SF^GY$Y:B.%4


M
WJ=?3K.:Y1_::L!I^V[F\^3_'/HY)^GD]=-0LYPOP)\?LC6V&')VX[$W(Z
M'&=?

MWXV(]ZMOFCU7H5A)VH3X$$8:XIQSYG/1;/L'I4;1]E6\W*.76!4!EQC?-*HU
M+

M:;




VPLCO='U!=*
MY \FIS_I





94[[G*TG$53B_

 U[F$RQ#I'[!?8J*@!&K8KZZKT_Y)9P[M'OQ@2;_-;;I/;=X Q\
MU*M:I60K$3]+!WP?D@9CC%OT-%^/%&*MIK&MQMHQ#'F 6/

H68XWX=%FAHS



%



Z/B[JJ0

S!A(F;!%C
MXF+:@I\WTC)X9K05J0A&R@84(7$.Y;(6D+?NQ(P^0N,+]T1;\Y)&&B5Y@
MS 6E6/KA(PV7/F9=4)0E21]HN/0Q\(+BK$CZ0

O:!0

MYQC2



0:9C'ML+H*HINZB^I2

LJ0HCJRB.
MJ;^D(@T#D\+(*HICZBUV]Z
FG2]#4HDL57'&F&%R%:4RY=[Q
)4Z?O-+(@9.

MDJPTU??K\7B:CI?K/S;


MFKI1R


R@743J!N4#&6@C\D;E68'V6%T04BXT[WS(P4/*4$=









X'LBQU*3JFJE5HJF
M:OM

D[QE]$28CT7FO:B(U?2MFN







Y@E
:5

_PN*_U!+ P04     G@%I0#\MN0_P$




VC9 \O
3.'3;H25S
P*J:*



M1O@DL8&.9)X[[CS5Q7+D_51F8S!*EZ*5)C@E
:@D(!5Q4DF %^_X8G0%95IH



HJKWJMUYJUQ
MSPS%)3R8:918!9BC-K%+GK@GV7SFZD
HJ//%71'4TL
Q0&E@+ 4AQ8HXB9
MYN\+J@Q/
ZBNZF-M\+04A*\K(GWK3!#%& (7_ 5NQRI
BU(

MT'QU)4RKMEHXH!+31R1 9IPO!4*U/\(91^1PG,.2842WL7%$A\DN9*6/+\
M16971YN'T+P.Q\;M;%._';O^A/#J[N5H^I'ZHU%VOY#WZ_
!\\\PY_/N/\KF







MSC8I
 $6\;MB-SD91\;*CO
7
_EV6
3 *&(UVRM#0?7MRM:LK@V3UO%W((W'

M]&D &@*0$Y#T5FQM-E31Y5SP6R3ZU]M1LXO2&=+5WYM%6VS[3)='ZM7K
D5@
MGEP-T8!9]1@XQ8R(1+./*6 HQ0IZX?!C@K6/P(Z&C0]) 0FKR()&
TN0?3!Z

!1SSK?X9Q4K.C
D.LQZ)OG/U$\6[X

M:&5E='





-XACVB1/G
M!B4/N7Y/-IAN'NXG23?K;HNFN+ZLJ[=!O5\XVZ)=G_(B6D7G[;?=/.Y^C#-O
M%[]]O9;:7XY?6T\]\WG/0




?%




$-(!P@;L9PC!8P% @/


F0
7@9C
P52
M9@1$NO/E7F8*OV0J/Q%\24NZ5U*3+#
*(0/)
J4L^&!PDAE
BT!2S+09A
EE
M.*
UDA
;DF%&1X)P-K
^(:

M
LL6
L(#C/ 0Z0=64(#






1B
^8S@I\.Z?=V;Q


I936^
@TYYK5WCB\LUDP8-!:Y1X0
M9/1(


@K






M#9A@BHF]6\Q^B0EN$4]+Q&8F\KS2R(M'#%)!QC3!:IK (0W3OUU@7!5(#0
MT8W +
GME=8H)[WUNWBU?MXA6[



M86_;-A&_XKA[Z[).Y*B@B1 96/8@ TH.FS[K9*8M2V
DE)NG\_2G9=^^YE
M^B6QE9?'EPQY#T^\?FN[K_U3TPRS;[OMOK^9/PW#\]5RV=\]-;NZ_] ^-_OT



-.(# =P4P)T'8MFZJ#Q
2U)8#*A^



;\PGTGPBH[(F !3%
M(
]0+8H3F7SQKIV)/)I7M
*2I!_BEP,;$8$T,,A)TK-/\HHSR@+M
FNL
M7 -KI/
)B1GC&!NLL4%R&56
ZAK'+(W_O*Y!D:P)F9
G8UZPKFU(GE\JUO7(

R_K'4:6 \BR$EE.@R85.K**6P$9

+*=OA(AR

=















YX;6Q]4]MNVS ,
M_15!'U E2M(&@6V@Z3!LP 8$';8]*S9M]7%D^2X^_M1LNMYF[$72:1X#@\I

;S;W


M:+&9I9(:C)?6$ =U3A^WI_


M]1PHF8K_!#=0&!Z58([2*I]64O8^6#VQH!0M7L==FK0/X\WA


M!P0OWJ3IRK:4356U4BNM4C5Y9NVQC0+& ;Q._[X#=ARKM?(S'#.F0M#-AK[
M[%H 3UZUZEQ.6^_[ V.N;$$+=V5ZZ/F-E8+CZ9MF.LMBJ2M&(\26Z8%K*C
M119])UMD9O!*=GRQ U:_OG
J

@$8Y1&N;B2
M@6+F7X0716;-2.S4^UZ$)]X=./:F#
 6ES*!M1M $  -(#

MVE6G)%*OU=1)FW3JM/4SES@)*H0
R*7[]S

]UY3
Q7^%


3



MIZUS_8$Q6[:@A+W'K2_J=$HX;QI&F9[ Z**(49W^UNF!*=ID46?2=39#@X
MV6DX&6('I81Y.X+$


MG-XGAV
:XF/ CPY&NSJ34



  !D   !X

MN#Z_L'^*M6


MWF5@[WA\D[_AT[1_$[:1G2


MJW3JM.TSES@)*H04R*7]]S
D3;




#THP1VF4

Q$Z]







M:&5E='


W2+MH7P

M[LKTT.%-;:P6'DW;

X-7LH.3)6[06MC7









Q$Z][T5XXOV18V_*




^HGUV'8 G+UH95]#.^_[(F*LZT
+=8 \FW#1H
MM?#!MUSO051)Y!6C&?9&Z:%-+3,D^]LRQP'KZ2!LR5NT%K8'R=0.!9T1U\=
M3[+M?'2P,N]%Y_!?^G/-EAL8:FE!N

M%^'@$=4W





M.2YX;6Q]4]MNVS 
_15!'U EBM





M;6Q]4V%OVR 0_2N('U 2DK919%MJ6E6;M$E1IVV?B7VV48'S 
?=OQ]@U_
V


MHB!04/K((
)VA4=0*A(%&3\F3CJGC

M+7KE7W#X %
]MY1

M&;M&HBGF-

SVQD0921I

M+B@(OUW@$90*0CZ-7Y
FG4


 I6-*REZZU!/*CX5+=['7;9Q'\:;[96V3N 3



SK]L['^%Z




#1MS5QG0901I3CF\V!*=%J


;^Y=8.]9R$0[NC7QJ2]]D]):2$BK12_]HAJ\PU;.G












MJI5:*;JJUV=?XB3H %/;2:Y_7V
XFMKC%[#-[
[:3

]U3
'.[

-W@3SRA1_$O6OZJ#/Z[B(HP
_LDNMG\7M

B

M(2+
#(O
H
@
$
P=$8198)$Y%)D#@L(109@2BRR@R





M Q2'Q&T6V9::3E


MA=A)%YD:+.\DG#0R@Q!

P(/B+UUEVQSO


.4X8NL)L

5-TJA)
M&A'87YG$
%^N3
CJX@3H)CQ9@THUR- NJ^C2%??AI9!/^-12/YEN.FG065GW
M?




M_0+

.?
F6'()V.?70?@R8N2VA6T\WXX

MU!&D).-)\H$IT6M:YM%WMF5N1B][#6=+W*B4L'].(


#M^97]



MDK-K(%IB3G



M;53OCIP@$'\5P@


MG

M8'X

M*N

M%SE]AJ6?%*.E^:]P!6[AKA+K44FN_1=5HS92+JV%$'?YY'U?ISFE?1&Q/B


$%     @ IX!:4.0 BF*V 0  T@
  !D   !X


MG.[#LUV%681G6WAVLT^0[Q+DD2#_I\3T4XE[
9]5DDU/)9@N3I-%M1Y5G.2-





M5EJE:OK
VF

M4W^
M?M:+L+/:J?LG)M3@^45%+0;DG'#_#7




LBC/C=*(F.[O9M$F;

M:(!3=2=ZZ
Q*)22GVH2RQJJ70$M'X@R3


]S@ 1BS0J:
7[-FL%A:XGK^


&6RMSPFAQ3?K-,.4\8LL)$P(;]<6^S.Y#\Z


M971S+W-H965T
S

Z6:2$[6F31=S9%AH-3LH.S(7;06I@_)U X
MYG1/WQS/LFE=<+ BZT4#W\']Z,_&6VQ1J:2&SDKLB($ZI_?[XRD-^ CX*6&T
MJS,)E5P07X+QI<KI+B0$DH7%(3?KO  2@4AG\;O69
N(0-Q?7Y3?XRU^UHN


M
CAC*^*=3]YZ[[5(DC1CUR T8TX3AJ\P^P7!O/H2@F^%./'_Z'R;GFQFF$1Z
MLJ:GAVV!=%

M\&G:OPG3R


5





M*W@/)XW

MF@+?[P_'S.

%'D (+^32^+UH





M





MO$46E9I+4)9KA0PT!;[;'8Y9P$? $X?1KLXH5'+6^B48W^L)R$A$%YH
#\





L)I
M/^ R=[FS+'



M4HS6YK_#%9B!VTJ

3HI40;82#
M\R&+D:O\
]6TS*68D5SV?J3V%X?'R.Q-99-N*]R:*5Z9[+6
TR G5RNT8DX+
M)MIAP@U!C/IF$?DL3M$_]

M4Z])ZA&(;TQ\F
1ODGE-

BBU@T&@[_63F<KDP2Z#%
MN+X%9'N0RG=02P


M':G=F](E_5;X-5N\MMEK$2?W&;DZH05SFC%T@]FM&+55PL:LCC1=W0:IL?!
MF-/C[?T- D+[(



M;5-9;MLP$+T*P0.$-BV[AB$)B%

\MW7C@X/E:2=J





M)_)P&?

M?V6


M4]MNVS 
_15!'U ELINT@6V@:3%LP 8$'=8^*S9]077Q)#EN_[ZZN*[7^442

;T&5H4@


M#J7U#
QM%[@'SCV1D_%WXL1S2A^X/'^P?PNUNUK.S


^QIO][12V





Z8\8Z[H#3O23[$'8+ZU4G!A;J@O6


MA0Z0\@-DZ!V.$&%3#FA*R-WY
FFI=TQ.7\KO[)9[=9SD1#)=DOVIBN0
\H

MO].V?%$B&=E/Z7D$R$9$7 HS
?]2
QI
R5' (U'E9/W)V(CHG=S-HU_=[Y
M;S:MMMU;F61ACF].:

M)%X@70A$AVP58\3L/$:
F#!]/JRS;
%V^^RP;2?=M)
^V$FR:&4G?5@GSL+5





N6]YZ


7HK^-G*%=SSU1RX?S-++Y4N1\8(&!0*N- ]7'$S!FC#3&[]G3

;4*Q\_PUQ/XGMS\5_A#DS+




MV:O-6)&R9VPL0.F'@#



N


M9R1J3LG1D



M*BJ5DKRUS[PRSZ;3O]%@@ML1W)Z PP\)7D?PW@G^AP2_(_@C FJMF+W9$4F2

@A






M'%BG_HGM969V=F-OVG+Q*DL Y;TQ6LN=7RK5;!&210F
R 5OH-9?+EPPHO11
T@






=SCY\[?#XOKD(^J1/G.GBNREHMPY/6S3R*U.[$*Z;N1
-K\^4@
M9

M


+^
MT05O@GEDBF]$^:O8Z]

@A
M:D-QN=DRS58+*:Z!;']OP^PNPG-JLK^S1I=L]\VD1QGK945RNH@NELACUBTF
M[F%PAX@

MM\R'R6JA20.4CM(0I)90A :A;,!D%F2TF2W$+(G-*TCQRH3T#UR40]R5.8
M( 4)TO?G+P
)
D!!-DI@BTE[P6**9C;6209!:)X/H0-9
U#6#)!U8V/E($'^



#3(X
B/%8^+? /&(&_%4 2


$
^CTEXH+1I0.


Z.7/^


SV^H3421+!!\=
?U9/3%WPC^$
HP6%I
M%P'2TJK:I%6*.JW][



:_
M69

'A

MP:(6+- W:SK+XP*;J


M_P%02P
$%     @ IX!:4+^($HNV 0  T@




Y9RX
V6CLLVL!/'G5JG



MU).L?)O36THJJ
6@_*

*IJ+%


M=%L@W11(HT#Z3XG\4XE;F/VG(&S54PVVB=/D2&F&+D[RRKL
[!V/;_(!GZ;]
MI[-[!PY&X\O&_M?&^,!4]E=X0BU^,$60T'MPQ$'@MAIS;#FW[^06SYQL5?

M:&5E=#0Y+GAM;(U5VXZ;






F[=?)
MSU+QJE?1KE3TO1O+VHYMKW^EX82@)P0#P9]_2@A[0OA!B#XE1#TA&A%(%XK-

MC;.5Z





M='

2YX;6Q]5-MNHS 0_17D#ZBYIFD$2$VB:E?:E:*N=O?9(9.
M:F-J.Z'[]VL;0KE8S4.PAW/.G!GL25LNWF0)H+P/1FN9H5*I9H.Q+$I@1#[P



MGBB2IX*WGNB^;D/







2[=7XV


XLIA=


M2^.GW1C-EY3'*%218

XW\</5$Y;,@I)90#*_D?28.%IIYIO_38/JN0!E;L;%8_)5R*WLR.KW;:7

O

RYX;6R-5=N.FS 4_!7$!ZRYYR) :K);M5(K15NU?7:2DX#68&H[
M8?OWM8U#N3BKO. +



)Z&Z]EG
MW4';#01MS6^ILL_P=02P
$%     @ IX!:4)L362\G @  T 8  !D   !X
V$[=O7-@0EX$CM37Q@YO]F[,PX[[EXDQ6 \MX;ULK





(4(%8@NA-(9E$.-K&U::U-1L@#2N2D1 Y*.J

M-LD-)0Y#-R1V0F('))M!X@4$$9QB-R9Q8A('9C7#) O
!Y02Y
:D3DRZQ
3A
M#)
N
)B@Y
&A94Y




$%     @





4Z


$%     @ IX!:4'-NO3HM

@EH#::V$[9_7]NP+!=W51ZP/3[GS 5[2#O*

4W^ [B1WMB

KVE@
KGO[R=T=$X77@)\5='PRMU0F9TI?U.++96\[*B @4 BE
M@.7P@ 
0HH1D&+\'37MTJ8C3^9OZ)YV[S.6
.1PH^55=1+FW$]NZP!7?B7BF



M_^


M#KT:C3^
[]02P,$%     @ IX!:4+$R7.,N P  )@X  !D   !X;]W;W)K

$;+Z2*HE44DV;M$E5IVV_




O^6XOU(WG-?9COUDXE?]W,@[;V#9Y6K

MFCR$L:RU&4PR P2C^4X[3'PQEZ
!/6Y,2<F*)S8ZL%N0( =)+;'A_V ?,(0'8$<H\E

X/'

F3/C81CF%U6]
!1C@!0PE82\ F!+&5J0X3MYCR
MJI* ':\+XR!B@JN)4#61JR:.<8(8)8B1?0X08(2)$@^N)6/Q U41 EGA%CG

DC&]+N]&6 )%&






&NQ2
M58C^37%)VK4)S=O<W'.N5P 2=R@
_Z)^:]F3\4

M2L/Q^

XXA.ZE/R9M%]Q'Y!G&GWTW_$5EP(N

@)HZ4O6^GPBX)VJAQ\?YET/\D:1WMDOJW\#;0UL=XYN%!?M? _

.! N&HQJ R=.!8RK960
MF8M?B6%2XA.7PT


!#]


M&BYP!$*TD++Q.FNZ2TI-7
_?U9]
[:J6
Q9P9.1/6\IF[]Z[3@D5'HA\9N-7






?[ O&X[X9R95&_:O+R*


;2=L_[ZV(2P!=[4\8'LXY\S%9IQUE+WR
M$D!8;S5I^
8NA6C7/&BA!ISA[;0R]GRFHLY))=$&\9X)




V*
/3$4


MQ@6!LU#31




MVGFQ5.KB^W@MF^%Z=_[?S7 #Z@SHPX#R#PV8
V _#

9[
O


390-#M@L48X[X*@#/CC@

MI9



MX%BZX *72

L7Q
<@(Q\%*VCO<9RL)EVFZ#0GD'F&5@AGD/D;NDP

=@PSK0+!*+)'P]

&K-G:(&T:M



M;)56T6Z;


M-1@'=BM/0CS;R=?M/(RM(E[QC;84S#S.?
6KRC(9'7\[TK#/:0.'XU?VSV[S



M
L@'A$9]CY% J58)J/PY#K!:HR@\35D/8:@.(=58'CV!'@ 0&F$P0$).
M@%PY13RG6DSJ


M+*%%.N%.!LK)1G(H]=1DHS0)27#NFP/ DAB3 E9#0344


M#Q@#7T)4W&)

2H7:3Y(U-DR1F5QZG_J:/!'7W.Y=TV4C;BU&C[?SE8[1NU
MA\0VM[ZTC9PKH%XHVF[O^]
B'%0HT$  #O%0
M&0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970V-YX;6R5F-MNVS@0AE_%\ -4/(F'

;%2RO)(2=]]^*8EQ)
VP57
12_0W/V=XF*&Y.!7E



MX
]I-+]$3(BKQ&2

DT4IP




\U._

-@S:&(4QN$PW)4XKGA\5F$?0\4
(;]YAOG'0_U^QJG








B.E*5BDCI^&U*[]ZD
A_




M]

D=+( 'R8 +EP0;J/!XIF:AH!*H)Q44.@
MF2-%8&%OD =01#

MV:]\I!71DNZD3I&KRX5N:5GJ3$K''YO4[SAU8/_^-?LG4[PJYBD7=


E\O.;MZO'U;3:X/

M;

$


M1O-//YXP 3SC_%O0N[LX4@6D7!$F@:#YC
Z $+ZE.Y#7 3

@$QHPI7$X-3# ?D0@/W);@8Q]YM;7@
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E
M=#8W+GAM;(U576^;,!3]*XCW%MM\F8@@)9FF3=JDJE.W9R=Q JK!S'9]^]G


MDY.Q9ZSL.7\UDZ_'M0^
(LKH01D*HE]7NJ.

UK
M


 3/X9$ X!X7M 9


).07@A*

MWZ[PSJF%CFID\V






RTTEFE%R)NW3*R]2
M\6YVT:5T]&T:V]Z.X^Q_2W
Z<F)T#$VXPDR9^'R9R8B('9K?!1/=@


M:&5E=#8Y+GAM;'V58:^;(!2&_XKQ!UQ$$;6Q35:794NVI+G+[C[3EE9S51S0
<]S4 _ER/BKJF5P5O7]F(;UE(.&P#$J:8=$4]LH+UZ
M<F&\(U)-^16(@5-R-D%=^(HPJ C31_N2K-VX+N2W63;]/3  W'K.L+_[FG+

\!\1( T7\#DCD@L0+ 1&9*_4PD

M%5FT2( 6AB+T5LXI-U!I3Z#1*O06(




GI2
M9K4Z+I=)2R]2#S
UYM.9

-:FH4


*@?.7\W@ZVGM



8 X 6A(Q:[-CBI:Y(+WGABVMZ/F

/$C9CO'A(^(W1R1!A
$




H6

MY


M;'U5T8Z;



S[Y1;H:+7 D.8!U==:

,%3UF0*Z*'9PE6X1

$J@FR=Q

</UUHQ1DUAGN';C[NS(JA9-JJ7\
M;/JY\$IVZ:1N!XOH/#

M5*D

MCILP$(9?!?$ :S#'1 2IV:IJI5:*MNKVVH$AH#68VD[8OGU]8!$BSD5OL
?^

-X3J4)^06+D0&J3

VHF7!;M*V@UPXIZX]CWA?X] V73P0_]CX:6[M%(OH+(8
MR05^@OPUGKB*T.)2=ST

MV<_$OV+PSU69U/I17,49D\5+]3J
MK4QQ7J;-IHU1ZO!*TV21(L&*?\%@IT0; RBE0&.<[=!Y#2(C$&\KF'-U5:
M36(T@]&$. P-R9V8F(')MI@K9=8;+X$25Q4A(')=Y0DO^@I$Y*ZJ D&TIZ
M3\D?43(G)7-0T@TENZ/D#_]+[J3D=Y04[S:4_.[W[Y)H58O%H-6]T,_.#\(O
MW2\


M7%14Z:DX(]D(1H^65)7(][P(5;2HW2RU:SN1I?RBRJ)F.^'(2U51\7O#2MZN








;2?9

L;U(]Z[
0)GIIZE:OXK
]'
M4<O;*L;QZ\93=3H;MY&LEQT_B6_?.^VRJZ2T<NA:D2K*]E&2AQ7\7N\V&#B


M# R3_3O

!9 4E!8S#0!P&X-PIJ1)T
M4/Y_Z6,$'V$$,)#P#
@65(2%)YD0


O*BQ )$M$@3C+I

YQP
Y,7[[(%4-X'H[TL_%:I88^0K%I@
M1#[P 7J]TW#!B-*A.


M^'T RL?W_FWA=?NWJS@



SW:FC(A:I7/GZ&N9_8]^;FO\(5J):;2C2CXE3:
MKU==I.)L=M&E




MU*$L




6F(JV!0


\0%T7$L(@8%$$Q00()DO'3

M]D#H#6JQ.P@#54RN;-J^HN7A.W/D0U;B2 O31T4V @DOD$SM@))QCQA ')M
M/ 0[A@ [I(X=E& _D,D-:K$CR'18!1OL] 4.O87BGU#@252YJ# EJ!DO%J*

7%LJQ0[AB(S.)8'PV9@X7BU#)N!@??#0TI==J







M+'IM1TMYX?Q5=[YL%ZZO*V(YVTA-0=7CQ-8LSS63JN./(76[G#JPWWYG_]2(

M5H)01+9;R6A6 ]]\[)+(:)5%(^BP
-3BCP20PF*[
!AE(__)AEN9!$BVF9UM



M [A!

[UC9
'J?7-$%\Z&'TNI3V.]


MR=?MTF5-13*7&]VD2




; 5GM'[8W


($![4: OQBP-#K0
MC*HP\#]5T18'U/=#,I&-B.(9[<1;1I F09J(]H)IIM#T$8@L!'@YNA 0[)Q

#FXVL^

L!
(4D#H3.9



]CV2?-


XS%Q7+
M&*S;@PNBE
P*UR45!QX?T:D%(.VYHBM,(9:Q<E0@H;

FP//UXB*5
M4I$D'$@N


712[H_#)#LXVV;DNM^UQLO)6YE#4S3OP;'0XLGYAS28=

M)M.;NKF4]KKLSJ7=36WV_9D[& [^DS]02P
$%     @ IX!:4.+R)):M @
!&S^\Y_/!^+CQ47(


1+BV0Z^;9<Q
ML$2\X1MM+9BYG'G)F\8Z&8Z_@VD\YK2!T_M7]R]N\68Q3TSQ4C1_ZJT^+.,\
MCK9\QTZ-?A27KWQ84!9'P^J_\S-OC-R2F!P;T2CW&VU.2HMV<#$H+7OIKW7G
MKI?!_S4L'(& #0&0/)A0#H$I&\!^

 / 1@+R#IE^)J4S'-5@LI+I'L7^^1
MV:\(WF%3_8V==


TBG%/@= QPTP


MW.
E\RR40H\W()%X?'.11 #0L+ - A,/_%!T$://-@RI *4\^KFJMNBA1G
M-



PTM3GPBJF1:'AM
MONR$K)@V0[D/5
YV[J@J@RB







QL LQH!266(
*)45QJ2XV0EJ=H((9
#L+9

MRBP)\8

'6
0A8XQ* &.

MW*+NKML)H;GQ&([
V74P_5(_*/E.V]?
O
NV:6@'6C1=0Q3T7=G\+U!+ P04

MOWC_9)
WR3R*3NY4^;LXZ/
F3







;YR//






MCQVB@1#-*A/Q=3F@7.



M



H6
8I#
MWT\Q(VV'RMSFCJ+
^571MH.C\.25





!&7P7Q #%KCED!4C91U4JMM$K5]MH+PX)B,+6]2_KV]8$@BX7

MJ4U03Q$.@@3UI!O\


M4A=^H!
I74#D0U=W@&2K612N/W[.DO2!VX[G^X?S*UJUHN1
 SH[^Z6K:%

M=K(K:3B'N0/P'(7 &QKL23^0N1I
PYFSQN]WXD^H@/1ZSVIM*39BO



MR=)J8J


M&DQM)VS?OCY8EA!ONW_ 'KYC9C!#
5#VS&L X;RTI.-KMQ:B7R'$JQI:S!]H
KK %0I22S./W*.I.GHHX7[^J
M?]+%RV(.F



Z^WQ^H4^:M(=K]20=UL_4RVA\OHM4PSOT!7)31B-@83





7+S*!D %[XQVL@P;I?HM0K)N@!'YP'OH

M






MU


V7LC& TD7D



MMI/!@2O]K.WC.W&N0-
[SZ!U!+



] J2:I/#YFJ+MXZL!U_T)_


O8?8 / ?@)0!/M4Q&)O.O1)(BXVQT^+3X ]%[[&^Q6IM2
M3YJE








GG(K





O

YX;6R-F.MRVCP0AF_%XPN(=; E.0/,E%,X=2;3;[[VMP,//6!
MVB:T=U_Y$&)6FQ1^!%L\^^[*NUI%'ESRXF=YU+IR?J=)5@[=8U6='CVOW!YU



M8R.4*#Q#'*\4WBCP?ACB P4?5_ ;!;\? P5QCELF:)BL]4*%^8!B0# FF54/


M #7#**L

@)3+--21D(N)AM2E&?@5K8(!X#]6'SEWB2);*6
M89(ETM!

M+9&PN():*YL2G




Q&I7@RGV]ZJBT

_BU!
9$T1@@0GB- H





!2%




FN!*X\\:HC/

M8A N2##-:D$R:B*KZ:S&SWS/\_ L*S3+MDGP@TBU"Z P;3+&%&37P!DWR(
M$J-)8F27&#=(4(/D#A1,LT1);E#\+/T0)D6SI,@^6Z0H0;9'389@F3W;QD
M:73+0BZ^8G.J?J/BV'32V7&E#P3[21XX5Z =O0=M5NN#?!XP.C3371?C
?9
M.%\GTYJ,O\NRK]02P,$%     @ IX!:4% MOQ%4DP  ;S0 !0   !X;]S
M:&%R9613=')I;F=S+GAM;,R]6W/;2)8N^KS/KT#TN&:D(C-^\4U
Q'RK=H]


MOZS+:IL=X
_J[O?UOLJS57V?YX?MYO?#?G_Z^VU6['[W[_]:%__^KX=_?UT^








M7O(9QM$V@.2Q@%VXS9

M:F#3MD5=(_7#%XI=


M!D
#%;S\'J2/K\E_Y(V#W =N-QV/Q_T&Z=++;P??Q;*OK@;#J]&@T03L ^P!



4='XP]5&Z__Y?KFS?5_=JU]



KS_-R@?UUX
3E[ W88[

@V2&8;=W.Y1 D*[_ R

MBPW1V
96?AW=U= 3K? E6X/-)\-RAP^H KWF7





MNSNSY5





MEU\'7%T6\UP*[:EO5TO=5/G73J&B

MF.U!R*N!@-!

[CIK

MD'5F-\WWS&)&.U;N64$Y9Q_:7_VV.36






W:CC6%E_!
L]7-5.8
M^

?= EH;CME!Y/U&9LCYA(6Q
EF?Z:7
MKM.=AR+%K5






MLC!#TE'';+Q/6
0BM8_#\R.?:F.^P-TNF@G16?WCT39K+LHFJ+D@V0J(K.
.6UP3'$:%EJ0-_;4D=Q/Q
9X
=/?'(YPJ7&+8
0S.$92N6R0%X!Z^#G-+C;B616L$HT^0-7;^?



=^R0VN\C+?

#



M]V%#CB0P0&MZ2-T$A.6NPW/WN@=B(Q#/GW


4!9 7LK*HW586F==#XA':\;



+E%C@\GPMB4YN\\W '4V2JHVX)KD':;7O



MH:?5J_

1SF4W&3*;

M[)&+^*H_!'D9;5'(_]%4Z!-'U!@'[]7D*;I2E]'5H$_3YL^#6!57*1:TY64R
M'P\-6=2OH'$2WUD9!]9$?!V8+LBA9+@CE9!=9Y12:GE89$VG T #9G9*:J:)
MA49;F^3AL




MRQC:50


M+R;^=3G+0

D7I3!Q/$AOQ]P
MH=?'BH2H%9IMBUN^.Q+?WTM.Y@'TFD1^WD'D;WY3PCV^ZL-*?^)(:/9:O'9'

6@
M9P5MLI3^G%7 R4ZO!0MQDS3Q\=\Y:!@N-Y=F?//V-89:9W=5MK^ODX_'AVP
M!_T)Q

9LF!(







M4(1QT&;-V:V\GMG2O2EA?E(R8H\Q.8E+Q?U@&*[8H^6?L9&L^;&O
.SA1Z
Q<J%$M3FWO<1%X='MR8*
-^L6-#1TD) FN$[@/D&E!.D$0D^R@CC-:0722LWT#
M20D:7'AY_/O L9IQ06@MKW(QR^!#!Z)17E9LFG2I$7-UZR<0TK=ILKS/EU_D
MIGH#F62M:D<F'D=#;'M%Z\DW=JA61.]/Q+V &&$:B9.K0?K?B(5?;ZLF8K
M_G\-#^PE+HC27H)F[4VQ



M26 /$I














MC5BR+ 9QH.V7?F @A-L



7=*@IV3(Q:7  ))SR5H:X4!RK3A
M)BIJ-FR'-0;^K]2%[-BXKN


MP+[WDC=G=1;%%*Q0--163T2XL:#&
AB:T?Q6Z+J96W
;+S %D'$_D6S$0
%
M1^&=O* #)YY*9L-LTQ :XLVT% [Y5W2EZ8\'%PC8\4K![F*2X#11$O..RJIF

SO* J


M5Q_#8']G$


[ :%LP$S



'A@ 'R:J,)%*XH5Q_PXH<RW. -+UXPLS6BVDJ$9L/
M_/#0C).O[28I0ZM/
30ZC2Y:TF5%=#$H?]!HL^DV1BR%3SP=8J]8X%8L









O0%N
M0#$BMYO RH2OF&;);IC?%1R%&9I[8P2N

M)LP#*_9^BV#+7
B.YL0VZ/!:(S4T_.W6)HY2PUVV9ED&V@-2GC[
P46N9&
M;LJSN21/K6&3H8MO+=8
R;Q28)LECN9B.;B[MH\&IHFE$GC*A/]P_YDWI2


PM#]*2J:$3N 5Y=Y-NT$+C-
-X62GJ

+1'A32::
M$\9[F)D]IE]2@PXASI




/-&(KX'9U\97UFU[R)P4K

MH-N5P5I

8298#B'0

MQ6X%S5! $Z79YQ1HC7W7!CY

MV+*KC3





12




XM-
7/%+
MY=/U





M&[2FB)R;:!?[5^V2BCJ)%AB)7MZA (/GAP;(EXOV1Q[P1M0#06DA)2BX-CV5


885%'O[ILZ
MA2



'8N/CORGJC4&*4


I#;


M4D1(].1QUWQ6R.HMG^
#^X_APL$C'0%$-AW'9'*9$'
9*NF7)@@36!(E#1SY



5^=TF4#^3 *'NA.
M3)=7Y.G7.
(Z=Y9XTHLE&@#EPAWPQDA&L3 

M!M/^CVI


LA2A


MHEEMKKVX23G74Z2N'E5$\S% SIIL7W1$F+12EQQ 5W/D2]6H


MN.[G&E6BW&8G 09)C=X1'5E$XSX_


AJ$TJ?R)
M+C:'02KE\YNKC_5E^3M.P#9X+

MZ6#23_M 52HLJ


[A&









K-8KO% 9Z,;Y$CO9#,NKU?ZQ?+XW^4]FG#X<JI
D9*0SB!8!*OOFB=)V


M9WR3FO!&X9#B'J;UKWUL0-/P1@?)&#+-@#H$SRJ #I7.*0MZBPDDFT03X'M
MM=GWM6)D

$G8[Y-MPPM\DY'Z'
^X?:H2(#NTO

^_3R'

[586-!%B0H&2S&Z7S4IW;0^5A=0@I
M!V



MEQAX






MM44M+@:7[2

NR3_LHD(U !!L/&L
;P



M?-O3F*2C^=3?**0\T_!/[;6$7
CQ
_;SLXJXN4CL%OB&L\O4;H#O8.)U4*8V





ME^Y?NT'N&1 KH*%+_^'T*!;!*+05_]W[DY4IOU
';S:J$-R^*!]&15Y\#I
)

0V&/:;




(K;U:V9SOZ
MR

G:




%75 




M.BW3 HNP.!S+X!FN4\WB!?]1T




M\I8\@FAPJCN+/V7?5.
RB.XY[K2D#5(=5Q5%D#^^8:%ZR4UW?&$ -[Z.Q#)_
M(

M($PU22QGSB$Y=4E
3%:'BS&








*T/1;XS#;O


DS&_8$X6D_4?L96AG-H



MUIB5ZH\H((1(P(@$2


U*!C7KXOCJA C#
M*GU;!XQ#(G!%S%F!@FN\5UVO_;?PZK'M&!O+(D=#)+%=N'I$F-(-PA%6B'E0






RRQTY664/





S%



1?)H!

@:6
!TGBT6ZF
R 3RWPXP!X


MK$P(0T1\FW?2QN/PQ?;UE3O/

MT88_&=R!NVW59E/_185)1(C+*%(VV!K4X&'JB%FIOS/DXD]1RT#6G/^%4:
MUJ
.@:A&_9GFC ]Y#W@4J[*K#
?8[43PVI;/1I5N;3+#96T)%6MI:_%G]&





QF#

A?@




D_]]ZB;DMW8T/$;'@!_UG-*%_


#7
M6GK^C^5MC7Y*ERSHTYZG^.)K%\



\=4BC30
EA69T*
M7F&[HUH?FRV_C_/#

.;@YZ
G[I7(SXF(/T-)XBB.+BDSS.$1%1 9W9N.-6T
W$%4$763+AUDYUZYU2&M/.N
M=#Y<LMMMLR_L5NZ*ZYK/182M'PE.!SW#J
[R:I ]N]EGBKHG3?-)0I[A\
+
M13(?_U0O[X'N;
ANA(IDQM2EZU2E^

V_9JZX%;




MS 4B0A#[B.2WNT#%92N



NDBF((1/$



-:/W)J0N5W8HP
9:Z_#/1OT34(X;%
C

M2
MX?';9



S#J







!J)6ANK=E114R?N)E:64GX;A6]FYXNP0-L5EA259<LW#YL682KI7.



&UF-](KW@-

P]

_F(P







N13&8#I*/[KR!M+4 .MBW'S0LXD/.N@)*2FS]Z+X__*QY
M-+P^H0U
10Y-A:%M0;^'[U#
+1HDY$(QKXD),/AC(R-IZV\0I1GV(3+49:
J&WW$9SJ?#<#/K]'QP.B9*0\EAYL)/88/_;+CNN



 _PS'



7*1_W1]
M_=$A3:BP41VUHPQ7JMT=(.


Y%Z184XBI_-5$)Z4$L-4WII8 -
00+J77&.9.SQS





V4C/ BL<2DHPQ@U(+\






[^&+N


4EN\C8/
3! Q&^=]
P

%XV9_0

ME[#HA.1]+YU#/Z927XIQ\LX_U/_)OX

O



JNZNR_7V-F1CH$SOH





M
F

XAE_YV
MIP
3-#F4@UML(MTU!;?V#N91+K_0EH
./U8.




H90%W&BQJD(]4!B/PO9 @HUPPTMJW\_JV/_AV.VFRB



 G^7SGCDNJ5
ME\O(K4V6ZT-9+.7V.A-'JQ?!5Z1RNJ/:<?1-G\K%V;0% I-.%M7(BRQGRG]

(ZS!M#CX^:3PI1UTW'4L&


3!MDB-[FWYH&A0
MG









-YYJQZE(4)O9U0$OM

 &?E*KJ


7]
5U
9R1VD'5FAY-S42K:':&%U31R87$$2)@]%4-.I=JUU#Y99_
M(30II
TEIU:99M77BO3 C&#^O2


M#




MJ_*)\LS5@*_A





*T[G/$SL
*F23J8[6J*TKCSUVNCPLZW_/%K0_E_HJL5@:!H&\@





M]:V/;N;AH$



M5.GJ1$437[/6

M:
;=V
&X;$:7[W&7MX?!AISVHE9!=-)+VL

MN]*_R5HBJ!P^Y
L9A7CU;
[CM\Q% ;@O6R1BUB(^^?2H
QX)@';$*%
;= &


CK)M6



M6 (.-YNJG(!
+KO:.+
A? [YT+#&1;)'497)(VC5M$M7\NQ-R,G56DG\_Y

MM#MT'2-6 N)4UBP:E%3:T /S*02H4Y^# V#;J9O[Z7?I$




B
%%%(N#83JU(E^YNTYN:[%PX1JE%KN-HD.$-3 7(PY/=*A!
MV 
!0:J'K ]XW4  K[TAI4/BN&5+?!$P;DLN&O+=6_8[OC;6NC


AH\F]8RZ'\_,C(XY]%,0S9:X:B6*AX/VKL%R<@ %&*=
MJ\N\X?V



P4$8
M%I\G3P=;$D=\8G:C
!C\V$
,;6K*,:HXK:0B
MO40I61AIYI+9:8!2)UD_-8&*$9A28 7J!D?8X*T=F/


M4E8!

0_BYX\

M&GF1R32/5%
*;$$^CO54


O

$^ VDM9?);SL' _;78TD0Q5SEAH@WQXS10DA]# IO=+$(M5UQLMLL
MT6=9F!*F/E!5 R-98C4KQL)?-
2A&^*O_K[&0_34
)P7GQ]B]'X!77Y
XZBD


QJ\$QG_J-ECUC 
0)RN78/V
M!Y#_9A.T/3@D+)?=9+2O)\J0

M/$E4!=




O])(%3/U]#TL0DN_
MM.54!_JL'YJ\ZZD#-3;E=Z #%CE@Q26Q[%JW V+H@;W!^&IP71 0 =J&%%1

X5GY/M\1<]ZST
M.X=2;W1G25%UCN@1@I1-4^,&!NT#4:@]-CZ%<H#0A[

.E#;93^ND&&0#((
F0+()QV66ATD78I














MI\8&V#5$QFT'&CX-4K2@6?8:X\K'D0!Y
]PMF)J*S@38YQ7II?!-6PQ\LJ 7

7J];88K9^!+%





B.\6]7
M$M5-S&+2]GVZA;!-E

HYQ BMV52
 1T]K^' !HFN0=O?HLQ+M NE


SF'^JQ9A8=
MT($ &6[1E'!@PU*SA@+ $
D!&RIJD;[8
&4P)

MVH9
?CJ2P1=[[C2H3



)Y[ETIQ.I+)C ^?@/*^:*CXR/
';

M
N)6S-:X



SKGK/S#W0JN=:W9!+[J=F#

)JGN5#1W:



?.((@CDH.%-



XC
MF02TD\&Y4U= /7#T@[YT'1Y 1(?7);%D+=H9



.++H*-7ET






6Z'









EQJ(#[.R__^=B+\].3O8GUNIH?6DV01_9

;EU'4E1_BF+#\!W
(&*B(O-]2F2.+91#K&X2
MY0S.Z\T]LU%/KBQ3.\CJ[J'B!Z39








BT8=S#
M@N/'1S#0@UN1PE!PC&%SI+:8LZCR(@;Y9#B191$CX?GZBS6F1^[Y^]/=Y#WO


[TC1?;M?.
MFS1=!B\P@*)#T#%6& Z;F66\3;N 4BQJ3M_#:L:5\WS+X8P0'I8DZL7]

MD

$.G-


MUCN:VR*L+LC0VL$[NG+QCJ9:UM

LWOGP[R
MHZJ

M^/3JT0;N



MP%_/X#\


9P65R:5-1KS]9?-[=?R0=!
6CHLZD#S_
M2=<$S\3DFQ/
W?';4XB)!9YSX7'3

TA&$IIC#
M#^D!?+F/6M 18I7@



5&H@'34C T^V?
V_'1&5EA]?Z H
MT =$S^!FP+#?/=*J0:))HBU,SJF#3Z!-'EET#ZC;7O!9I&(B0^T]=8Q5/F

[

AZ





MN8967Z&Y






M!)8]$I9YX)2)-6Q
7F+L&?@M2Q[R
^

M:3!^(\.AG45/XN?Y\-&I


&\RF+I_I@*Z+)3S/]Z1MY]G/
C@7LIV-/8R!J*ET;& 8CX8

FV

MU(SR


@B2R$3+/LR'NQ<44!Q:N1(DN7FJD3A



M+GAM;

MI9(
I;]^
M)0?H



F-\4_S2LC# 1 .U0RQ9US$RIOQ
M*3.N


N$Q)IQ.8WKJ.U]P.2Z[6GV_@N0#M-+2.R7!=_Z(X(K



M



M$0L 33

M4!:Q:UY+2E\^-S'FFIC8-3XW[8T=YIF8V#

PQ












-@6Q;9YA/HP
25:Y


M?UT&B687$W-.

WYWA\T??#
M?U!+ P04     G@%I0[\T8:\,  Y-@  &@   'AL+U]R96QS+W=O<FMB
M;V]K+GAM;YR96QSQ=K!;N(P%(7A5T%Y@!I?V]?.J'0UFVX[\P(1&((*!
49






MJ5


THIF845#.*JAF%U8SB:D:!-:/(
M*BFR2HJLDB*KI
@J*;)*BJR2(JNDRHILDJ*K(HBJZ+(JBBR*HJLBB*KHLBJ
M*+(JBJR*(JNBR)I39,TILN8467.*K#E%UIPB:TZ1-:?(FE-DS2FR%A19XJL
M!476@B)K09&UH
A:4&0M*+(6%%D+BJR:(JNFR*HILFJ*K)HBJZ;(JBFR:HJL
MFB*KILA:4F0M*;*6%%E+BJPE1=:2(FM)D;6DR%I29TILE8462N*K!5%UHHB
M:T61M:+(6E%DK2BR5A19*XJL:XJL:XJLZRO*.A_3WK3#OY+\',?#RWPQ__7I
M]C=02P$% 
4     G@%I0'R// \     3 @  P              @ $
M    7W)E;',O+G)E;'-02P$% 
2700  -H4   8              

4     G@%I0



M%     @ IX!:4-\




4     G@%I0PUY 5[0!  #2 P  &               @ '8*@

M 0  T@


M
YX;6Q02P$% 
4     G@%I0$SO$U[0!  #2 P  &0


4


&UL4$L! A0#%     @
MIX!:4%'45HJU 0  T@,  !D              ( !#X  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E
M='

4     G@%I0'PD6&K4!  #2 P  &0              @ &U


M965T

  !D





M A0#%     @ IX!:4/D\\92V 0  T@
  !D              ( !35   'AL


4     G@%I0M]I%PM !
 6E#D (IBM@$  -(#   9              

4     G@%I0E';H3]\!   !!0  &0

R+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0


S


4     G
M@%I0M*=35M

  !D              ( !!6@  'AL+W=O


YX;6Q02P$% 



MB;1M @  S @  !D              ( !


M970T
RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     G@%I0SL82S!,  #*!0  &0




&PO

4     G@%I0
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S


M  @ IX!:4
+\.+'! 0  

M:&5E='

BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     G@%I0+6SSLQ\  #5!@




M6EQ
ESC+@



M4$L! A0#%     @ IX!:4-8*YW8^ @  O08  !D              ( !NID





4     G@%I0PLE

!  !@!0  &0              @ &K



OMU @  ^0@  !D


YX;6Q02P$% 
4






4     G@%I0 8
;.A4#  ! #0  &0
M        @ %


  %4/   9                9C*  !X;]W;W)K




4     G














M &\T @ 4                8#S  !X;]S:&%R9613=')I;F=S+GAM;%!+


' +:5 0    $!
end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







8
13
1
1
(1
23
160&#160;



































Tabular disclosure of a material business combination completed during the period
 including background
 timing
 and recognized assets and liabilities. This table  does not include leveraged buyouts.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







The Company&#8217;s authorized common stock consists of three classes: 200
000
000 shares of Class A common stock
 50
000
000 shares of Class B Stock
 and 10
000
000 shares of Class F common stock (none of which were issued and outstanding at December&#160;31
 2019 or 2018). As of December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 there were 122
108
086 and 100
046
392 shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding
 respectively. As of December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018 there were 8
409
834 and 30
255
184 shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding
Shares of Class A common stock and Class B Stock have identical voting rights. However
 shares of Class B Stock do not participate in earnings or dividends of the Company. Ownership of shares of Class B Stock is restricted to owners of Class B Units in Hostess Holdings. Class B units in Hostess Holdings may be exchanged (together with the cancellation of an equivalent number of shares of Class B Stock) by the holders thereof for
 at the election of the Company
As of December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 there were 48
453
154 and 48
274
307 public warrants
 and 8
046
636 and 8
225
583 private placement warrants outstanding
 respectively. Each warrant entitles its holder to purchase one-half of one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $5.75 per half share
 to be exercised only for a whole number of shares of Class A common stock. The warrants expire on December 4
 2021
 or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company may call the outstanding public warrants for redemption at a price of $0.01 per warrant
 if the last sale price of the Company&#8217;s common stock equals or exceeds $24.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third business day before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. The private placement warrants
 however
 are nonredeemable so long as they are held by Gores Sponsor
 LLC or its permitted transferees. The potential resale of the private placement to the public warrants has been registered with the SEC. When sold to the public
 the private placement warrants will become public warrants.



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







(In thousands
December 31
September 30
June 30
March 31
216
227
241
222
39
23
36
36
23
10
16
26
21
8
11
21
(In thousands
December 31
September 30
June 30
March 31
214
210
215
208
30
23
34
32
16
11
24
29
11
7
19
23
841&#160;



































The entire disclosure for quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 tabular presentation of financial information for fiscal quarters
 effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability of the information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017













853
000


645
000


446
000























408
600
000


409
900
000

























700
000


300
000



























792
000


023
000





000
000.0)


300
000)









Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets (Excluding Goodwill)
 Net




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.

























































Total loss recognized during the period from the impairment of goodwill plus the loss recognized in the period resulting from the impairment of the carrying amount of intangible assets
 other than goodwill.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018











892


679



Reserve to cover allowances for damages occurring during shipment
 quality claims and doubtful accounts

700


600



































Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business
 classified as current.




























Amount of allowance for credit loss on accounts receivable
 classified as current.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











Concentration risk
 percentage


























Concentration risk
 percentage


























Concentration risk
 percentage









































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017













939


620







421


070







463)









226)


751)







717
671


939


620



Number of Options
 Exercisable (shares)

663
000


759














Weighted average remaining contractual life
 exercisable (years)






























































Weighted average exercise price
 exercisable (usd per share)






























































Weighted average grant date fair value
 exercisable (usd per share)












Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercisable
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value




























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercised
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value





























































































































































































































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable or convertible
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.












































































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

































































begin 644 0001644406-20-000011-xbrl.zip



EDKW=)J!U\
KB=JI#S;;]5;


M59RP]=;YP[KSU4[KL-G;_MJJ/]Y_P29\)IF5
R7GH%4_40X!RPJNV:7
C?7




M70CH!!6(E,%F)35Y8CG@1%@JC6MU@KP^SN30TXBU ?5DFBT!  P Q0$*9S

MK:(%J)AR UUGI*EPE ;#5G
A9P8RPU$9!N$

MH11($F-%

I&IO /S[T-3_
;:4DE
EI[!



4; K#=X%'$*$CHL7_5%XN-X[\N5 P.6R5(DO$7GO
MY3RQ_7GB5*-@@2\4$$-G,CK=)4HBOF4*O*GKYY)?44Z+!4S(:J'TD_4EL\G
MGH6:L@2/)^(-7


MX;S0T/-*_5/DP]1B




?1C^]2/;:[8[;&AY


97-?V!W[JUWYZ#.WENN<C9LLL^E

M#-3MQ\JQDSPON697LC#6

U?2Y6[\3%I9*:$%3)332.I4
M'\R4'V.!KI!I


MA#)/(A'G:J:8RTQIH0!$
E4NT!.D9![T4
UZ1VS+Y&BEY@$X53*[WZ](D[J
M5 YV.*

MC6$*:$^5(/1Q9W).K




M]HIP!B2/Q[(56;BG##&9B.Q^$!1K1E)UHRYNXV;1/S!.1*$2@YK+ZBRSE.

M[N.(1P\XPL

MC2-_+15






MM04  +85   :    83(P
3ET=VYK+65X
S(Q8V5O.3 V8RYH=&WM6&UOVS80



*99_P_Y8KS:/UXY_Z^GX3U
(
M19JRT!096'&]!+UD
$S3G
1PQ3(A-8@(W@FEF5+P%BL25589H&D:UBTX
@R'

MT/![ZTIG2N


^Y08D9OK)@3&94*7MV&[,U#,,
)/&%LX3]+A]^O].



3A&1
BH8;(4)]*;6K&TX
M
D(I-N2V%EFOD=WV-]\5RF9HSV7]$


B5Q#HV




MYQ53&3U=RQDZ]??0
8L

M*%Q*(&?]6@O8$:/HK6J3CV*OK%&] 




;YM.QIGFQYQVY Z]SZ#84
MHSF


M*I+!%2VY4


<6VL)(
M 8$-EY6(:)99*!/74.R&PJ\LHG IJ&0Q9K8%XY31!

M%V@LMP#'-.P6A$2B\JA0OH+K@B_1E 6UH*R$K C&@^+@]6K?K%.N!N$^Y2SM

M8_5(R$5


VG[Y/3?KAI/-*IU.L'T
[L:G-%05$2LP#^RS%'I
M+E
:$!YQ[[_@NT]H\QWLSX#]8J][/)#FN=.[;:']F:QZ7K _+VW^Z2!L=AR]





!5Z)&!

MNQP\VF::CV46;+*W^+0\7 V)KW#PWUNPS&GV9!X?R8M#F5BH1$$'@Q;&=O

[


M/WZMZ 9I2HXF$-8$(?4( M&R-VO[^A9L?T9#CL

%M;*E@IC2
MV7PN6








]W 43UY_1B?

;E!

UI6:JTH5*2^G;M.EM\))]).*VFJAHFW9XK!


MN+K3HH U1#\H&+2)8

MJROZ

BUB)

JCM)DK1L8O6[*] H.*UTFQ4+%
'6M&G^N6!Z!



.0[!;.NRQ;V

B[!AE4) MDMMLHF0
;T0 B8I2G:SRRZ)N\G-$!X&/

4:
&ZZ@8)= 'X1+0 JV@;P]!G27%5

 \1ZZ /N 1X ?1.H$#

ML




)#Z'%
MVDH6.2RW#PM)LQ]4216R/DMV;AQ4#\.UPOZS%OB^Q538)PRL
]1Z %WQ\[Q%
M'6B=:*;HHBP.D

-O\(_#XVG\].AI




M5 6
0!HS2=V:=N A;K
$GK^ 


M9QG_[OR=78(# ]8(TBD^U
8^:1$C8@)'(Z]/=\!)].-:;%5 M&M8
M-+F?0*%$#3'/$^..POF8T#'O5(6BF^_Y7X 'R'44:F=F*=@KX%&YLS.3/.
MB+XE23\[;/4H7TP[OAR-UC;OI7#&U<'/Z-![YE70^\JWJ_KH=W3)<*D3I
MTM-B1L$

MQA-B6EHF18 A
%T?W?@H/+K3]0J9FBF0TBD05I']#$0O6JS4$W4&5;PRH[

M
F\;]6I6-H!X+Z?]2-'H

MG:#@Z/I3M6Z(PR('V.A:@0 6/Q7P5U OR
?K_PZJ^K7.V(5
&D;H.\A4#8?&
MC)]%/(:$E#-B#RDA'[)P)$10.-O%773QK)!;K9%8D25GH+['#L!2.#V^


X/7


M


@1$1EKLZSMB0




%\4H



MLS7A-*Z54@V%Q.S*;W[YL/-RN-E;#'#4&8!BBI7B/$  ^:IEKXFQ+0EZ1HH8
M1['A7;&V,5.X?$V;S@'@G\G,K7R6R-





\&@



M^5'RBE8V



M


FWAVB)BDZBKY#_AC\:
HPFVC]%[4NR?[9U0P']A/V<+:C?DADTP3H$X#L)5EVP.#0P
XO%


M\AS%
/$'X1-H)9I@RB0* DVDZ$M:7*;YK$1K0LU KU8JTYSNO

ME6@:(K51D][!=DG-CRW9$M6APY8#\V

U)_.1!9
:^
M*:N&4&8(+*

BX77(H

*!U4RD

 #KN%B=#]P9F)P-V 7(23UH!GE#-G?-1 -:11F$H
M:'C.6/BY
.Q=?#WV?-)$'(FOP73WCFD)*59%$'2ME]D+ 
F+1EK:Y&-D[@V^



M%$$*?W]HVR4%@
0':_; %HZG499L:W$_2.'ZIL)





QB!]/X5G/X5G?[7P+'H*
M
^X/-\P4V+T



%
M%PL&#




MU

=GU

7G^1;2'3B/714?*
M4*EIL

L]U^S3CR[ QO
MWND

QZMZ

\IJ@?S@'$U.7QA9O*DAW6T-?LW52
MVT[M-1V,#FX.L&-J14X^/VKD*&L!M^9YNU;N-/XJ^Q-VB*FF7!DV.2!0DA
MZ=)NNZ,YVV%NI)8I9?-\O?A:DF5R XQMK#KZ5@=E=_JSC:\[5
36I%\U-A?



MTI# O+UT
^


M
Z=V!V?97M#S&J\JZSK_33Q6RG^X0P=;=.[FDMMIP?NQ9R'Y6^/[T
2H=+(X
MXHX7W


JBD



3O&.K=]6=[51I\-NWLX\B6B;J@UB#&


M;-\Y(9!$HU?HZI


/R&F--WKO&(34T3;%
MW!.GWW

#F/6  ARJL@$L?D^R

ME)?4C- 2CSNAN_A_..F1 P


M=JB_D9GM7]$X1I7[P\![2(Z1RZ%]=UK&.G-PQ)J0SK%&S?$#LG@LDI/@5]A@
MMV0INDE6
[V@9 HRA*J*&@O #]C/4Z[M
]TJN*^ 9-35)CK
9UU[;<AT5%(6<F@2F=
MC140^&L3
T02L&'$M!71C?=VX,9:4,D;25=ASL)5MSJV.P%JGZ&VN.A1:7

4P\2WQ(0D= V/W.?D+





'_ZKF(XL'




MA&EA:K66'L9TY;))!


O7KA;=-5=%T:=

MR1M J^56X7P+4&8PC0%XE['F*/G)I;_]L\T6Q)*PU*.V?K.D+KE])(8]:P5
M2IE8$GI@@-IR7SII15;G3(BS];M.^YJ&G4A(2IEA@!WG67K(&4FVTL!56V


DT2Z-HF'/3

(27
MH'D#VM9^7 [;^*G77
R
YTBNVY4DDE#OUUWA4KKI9JOEN'CMQD284:SJ=*

0SH UY8&

MFTKFT]M
='[BO*1E<[NAV
M

MPB^




MA8[P1M9IS

O&/*

XWF+Y:U)SOH3YBX9E4'XQ!B;M]8AI%=7T;H/&&

0([0!!.SYJ.$&YK:NU%+6R)0 /9&MNB
M:R[A=KX/ZTF]WP&9Q[

M .X*   /    :W!M9V-O;G-E;G0N:'1MW59M;]LV$/Z^7W%UL'0#+.O%=BR_
MU
!B-VN1I#-2#\$^#11YLHA(HD92\;Q?OZ/DI.YB ]NG(35@0B2/]_(\=T?.

M#Y:*UP66%KA&9E% ;62Y@7N!Y@$\;R^U4-5.RTUF(0JB .Z5?I/K-VWTN8X
M?](S\]OYS&^,S!(E=O.9D(\@Q;N.3_:,Q#CG$_'HSC49R.XT3$R2@(PM$P
MB7Z/0O+2)_GVD+&['-]U,G3&)Z.HLM.M%#:;A$'P_;33
UGJ2HMF=)TLOUL

?@E[P



MQRYQCN'OUE6MR2ERT8)H.N

M$I8S%Y/)$

HDSY[X
M9%5UZ/DQF



MF 3_^0&V']N78/











MYHY1X:)W*&BY\#J:5A7^?'E+A$\IT=4.:-S%

MEPUXWWV/B*0!B5SZ*

$/&N4 2^\1N /!&





8J.Y[\BC)*H)
1!48C +1ME@L).*1P#9^HAMCJ7[(](
MEC:!!DG

MYT1QS9!_$ J7Q2E(\S1LA[*]$=


3NZOW&T


M11$+2B3&T3)AA)51$:(M-Q#I1JGVUZ_%Y8
KVJ95_6MAO;EV5WK++5-5&W''


]ZX7!H)F.^2=8A


M(Q;\*_



M@7



V0S&WUNNYXZ;RH%EY?T;QNN]WM
MU

M!)DBG5J*_1H2!S^V@;+TR_!ZF
KQZN/6RNCRT:'1]W3]O4J12+7@0EK!*$N#


Z8P=\GY]MR








M


6

M4@B/9D^/?MIHS_

MH30\PZ0B8F9$]E-GB\;HP,.B!I*:3#,^:BE,QYA2T- B'$W,_+Y;-%XY.*


'


-99.N<B1X3

E@%+ZRQ
MW''FN-%8I#E^'0-VCCD]1:4?CT?\S1%I#%)$HC4100Y6L;/$=8ZQ DDT2*
M*=*(7P]0GD0C:$P;IZG TQA=D

M



MJ Q&1G'IX+\ K'5FI/(LLT7C2_HP&N)2%E4DS%JJL%8FI7THFZ1EIZA([23[


9Q/OGF2UZGEV1I$YU0$5(N.^5M$2$1V2.CDQ50Z@%]O

MPY.(27H!?



M^^&^OQ.\K'#)'_6K7KJH6NN6S7 &;*;;A]MV#MZ7W0Y\=#4R?



MP

M]'GV/I%JTXY\PQJ97Q+&#D%.)IY E-P:;5ZQT?(CJ7GA7G :_WH$ ^ZP


YZ

H(9X@
MD_(T!



:!@[(JYYB N%%R%R0Q.(:0
AEGC(;

MV.4HB=$)K!7P2H6XDMI$:KPCBB$C1OFBBJ)\]&%2M6NP O+:
9N6 0%N'8:0
M4@OU[BN%)5K==.ZB^K-!7PYZ5:F];;L]D\JN$6KGY*.TSG=M.R@'_P&=.=@
MC/[YID953M'#0I!;I_Y(2I\.PDA$O568:.UH4QZPI4)
0AKIBBRGF7%^/FQ
M*8T2(XN= I_$K#5&...DC



M0HH0@Z.($D'0KZHF4RE
J043U&.L(

X!L[4-#&N




M05 C$$
*( HAI91V2@ICL(U63M





ME6I2D




MNPJ2$V$=Q%58

M

T/3D!(GK^V4'-J4



M^ AGI:1!L$\HU9A80(A,3CO@L539-V34V[HUZHY@ABX:.*Y1M2R2+0*B^
M=MI:^
2G*2UGLE5H=NN1.&6T



M@FZ-+#(1A2$


;0)-;X?&3*0L#^+8)77%#^9OA[-WZFXW-

M^V7O$%YRK2BKWC:TZ5W7/'UR+$8/-_&;I_[0?N!&:L!J:XAG03D5J$K[O2-+
M

@8]X!%1S%04R'*&J-

M7 F(T7-


4R-A
 0^6)C-7


ZYH73WPNCC+
M:;=U6G0.;I\T)?&^Q]I)0BS&6C.CHE4B6!F(]9X$ZJ
MMO3UB$3G=60A6)5V26688:%TGR:=G =OT2_2TUG-R'!,NJHHMQ)8!8J.!.1
MIEQH2I$D?*JV6WH&7?GRT-4-$N33ZC,@0M9TCC=B#-"=%X]KC6+*J6\MBB
M@'R
$Z(9I93IIUW-$8;IFF?X_+-6T4D'Z=NZ[QILU(AA&3.
(:N.=5IP&
MI()7@H'ZS&G.'.@F1UFID5X%94.:CU5**&K2CPB1G)8YP99U&GC57UN]1
M5A:3=H)F!F^90%MTZ%2#CP1H*K$39&R/KU7GD8
GTZM1)Q'B[ E.&T;;E2D

SG6CGE8#V56HEP)(PPQX&.LN@$.'5KF0T!8?B-3\&.AA
!+T\R

=;C6

9H$Q@4C2IC(HJ%&
M4X*1B4-G

9F;S<WT*^:]8%(YS2SUMA(1<32X:]








6(DR(:2[PRD;%-646
M49TJ0AAOO30V:!JF8$1LLD0SQL%DZZ0C/CAE.7.(*F61BP[(#P/.'\G=71-^


-5A':@PS@1E'M1.


HDIHR!^:7*:-8QYP












MP;E+R]MPSO Z3=F=0;

-V'XXDGP2^Z@?_D
M?IASD8]1
MM.]T
6O=
NL=ABP6%;Q+=A%

=#[VY

8 JF7LQ=I70H#-;

M%76PT'=4I)S!M+R




]FFD1\2BD.J)VBSPTV@<% ^5/CWAE:83U
T


N3;EEOO5&7^UV&WNF5%\M=/YTL







MD2_A?0$


-LN66J:I(F

RP/N=PP)^V;QR
T/\*=5I.MV=SY<--]6[?WCO<^

0V%CF=4HE












%EMY.&




MXD4*'N!VP+.3LSO(H









)]
MW[8*M];JFAY0:&WH;[#KP0:%\TCQ_8!D7F@.48ZY S(41NE52Y$)0%XEW
M B(__((+]4)C_D*PJW++(UF^SG[#2+T0'+T00@T*4H!?Z8%KN:T[5^7)ZIIE


TSHUB







M
+KC%[

0
M46L]TTJ0R)2$$(])Z96GPFKDF9 &9_WY<)])*<[&$)\-9#DZ2B+NQZV'UHX

ICCO.ZY5Z9U




Z]8Z[X$)?;NPMY[P$JMW46^(.KE8E/S&



MP2K^5)'EGA4U@U6
V6I==N %G-&JU[=L72^3R1JFUTNK9=(BD\$VM-G[?ND.

M0#Q)F#;C0

MJ)GS-5HO=SM^4$ QG;

.YG3A-:5S
)\^
%^Z

L
/K='W&S
0F;'=?F]4



[FH Q#D*[KVBT-MH PZ8=N9_2U&%9*


YAYS;#:U4I2A+B/V(EL]#ZY?S^-NQ%BX48+[\FB/A^QM%UXZ


UD@-_/(K!^+S/.9X$?/!'^:3P1//#@/W-V-ZF73
]'-ZP?7?+GQ-_\^+*\M\R#DM@SF.#<1//8KTSHS%]7RULMN-FV

MV(=L_OYMI7R^(+-^\*NB!RUU7[?U01]M'Q95MM3I]









MPQ[_VHMLWM^VNLMN0$]M X



M1$+';JOP]8SF]1M5MXO#E



M 24=!!2/?[
O!:O3%6-\/:+XJUOU$K%[4YK$9K+UCEO
?HLOCU^:[&TWE8#[
MJ]M*!')X[/?L++G-LH#W'/MCALM+:BU:P7T[BR!JCLWWUPH/A%1A#F ]NN

4!


M((B87H



Y;D





(PJ(YNOI8-?ZC7ZT53Y+/(BCT179KW0B/A&



Q'^BU[

Q&0KLP6=G])X
T8C\I_XR9MD(O3^2:L#C
+.ULZ6
(TJQ=J*
/P?
Z2$=D0
HX'2K(!LNM!U.[5J2I(^.E&9)A&:
M+#O!YPL2Q9J$E;_@LC<Y!\.&B*SAZ=D\(R-3H@7T A7$D?W13!M^(D2EVW5




]E1=8Y4[.M

\!KTP*
\*VA



G


Y%224+
$



M;*#W9]BX4Y\Q]I;A%&
5#ND^;*K2?OFD /DC:9





M5E 69H'-)AA9BYS2%8QRF:^(V-TJ;7+A80%&G:N&1 -#D2@FUVUY#&E9NK6X







MP8QV=)S

PAYJ?@\&=-FY! GB<CJFX# W^9*%O[X)+3BY)?4A2
MPVSK49&<5E)SKPOJ/AOGK@

H-/G//.9?7(T.?7UC 8EQ^N


5@49[($3G$]R9_6OYQ-<
MD3[1ZNNZX=+


9S?B+SS?.0S-2AU\HM
MP2'?;D
L.I'RTJ111RC ;=K!A@]V@_I(UPP!I!!2[)%ZS*.R#!H2C*A$QPQZ



G#D7J[PQ7\R49XZO
M$2TA\6\D9Z^TW


YT+
M8UBZ(Z^EU%H.E^;%#!#E'^5&PJL!]PVN')P_F!\0OD
ZU
-*[I#?2K[M_T5?
M3+6\^$E2)FFR;E;DW; K:R^;;2#*EM7#S*F(VQX1



9C5;7:$R?B^2X
M5E-




J9

TG63;KJ!XL







ZL(
:+#2K2;N791A-3*
M/X

M+$%.;^
1X2S=&PS[$^[*W'56T=V+CY/+V%MIT2O5 .07C.MDZOF=7[WR3
66

8E!7)PKW
S#2AJB(
MJ$?

M*?


VS1
:(7H+'';
M+TTPX25]NDFN%VZOU
S#BR4 ]7E%L6JKDV%=-8TV&4)CF.A:M\GF#=
(0T %


Y0UI)^


AHAG:0F$H6['-X[
BHU=M&@' N_\CW



 2[!^@8!K.\):;!D
M7/5[+P!@KG)@D1KG

6'NM+3!!WS/\\










%7IIJ%L
M0;?[ZHNJ9I@D?UTN.FN]MK\?;5!QS4]^^'#S0<B/QK@\FP#&._!UN:N< S(



:EBFS&8^2O.8**DLI

MZR=;F:/

X
62BA )OI17U$HYG3
MV-


M\JE:NA:$[

*POB4!1$^ZPO)*Z/V\RJNQ[A^SR();O5M460QY.6?
M





6A&BBB?J*=AM


MS8LIBBHEJJ-BV6UGEKE*5B//'+2+L 6GP%W0U9E[*L#?%XRO8[&)7\.= #U+
C5(X^$FYR5D2C2B %@,R36W,6+[AB7;U=/Z#B
M7!&)Q$HCAH1JN8(7U#)GYTH%=Q(G?[M3'B&QQU!2#)=9)DO$63F$+)QYTD
MEHY/%AWF BE\0,:4'!S]-R#N/?Z


W)Z_ F
V%^_1%SN#\



ML_+XT\?BZ-/3





MONTM'H%%

T
;5N?3X4=QS1:EH99J@FL;Q-K!]&V2OPD2!
M;W07^4A5W42D6FO)_6Z),EL'6JX3- RJ3V1YCGG)7@W!KK7EC;H58TDH8_?

J-:;O:[QU4( 
Z3%(@V^Z6^WLOMR_W

UR4U PF&UK:3Y1B_V#5AK:Q(9&S8281AL=/\8


0G=(TDEK1AV2)2FB4TY^I
MY+LEY!/:LITO]9C7T
N'#@+B'UQ'*2*ST[QAMG+:+DX@K ]MU7@?D8_NO)&
M[&NA9_2.V.)&1^W8W,,)P\RC0N?^9X11[.JM+@9TJ5#P?!43






2'R&/9J/$M\:%7UC[
\%42UG(IQ!N/A.D&N.DSJE/


F@ 6)A-OE
\/I+R:6@0NEI.+5C!@
ML[FE'.QK-



MT?JX4&)^$KY\+BONU!DJ5.L:I^@Y=N@PJFM^Y2

R_T/?I#TFQ


S:1



M0;.4\]H6W/2*V&
N2X^7'78I%%:F+2W00+R

X:[*?










2RZ:IL_MER5*1-YD


M*4'/#.;*E?:CC

M

M!DZR;&;UK%Z^4';9=Q6;UD[/+YQ1DFA;W*#VGQN[!LP[KI6&&]SWED K%) &


LTQ-



)H*5%C0XH%E(A
*7ZT,Z?:0E:_H*W2'RYR;\^VMR[I2LI/O71_@RTQ^0
MC*4BD2PE50,-PA_NX]/#4W,%HLTP\+EL(,3A39H7K=CSCJ)DH&S?/:NLR;
M1NW<H3?9L.VEON0S?_/VEO&L]/$Z^T#7@$ESKD!-+<UX7*ZS09M@_)&\ S]









M@I3J]F]JDV4GX:K;6IZ[7N9X.-JT
#P;TGN&Q*%* NSXO*:5


[+SQ  \9]ID^[4E V*DN0 L
M





FC/QOZ8N#LS=;V%?D#PW7+3A6;?H-!^_[
S'BO/]X!@ZOC7&D\B83_E1Q;L
MOHH-.JU.Y4 ;O;N8/9XP_:)]0Y ES9GF9V*1&:.59H]8EACJ(U#2=,%-E]N
MA_E/O\K#(LFG/(W52Q&M_13K8GSPW-V+!)VF.$4[-V0;Y4;CNY+#ZP8I;! H
M4PGI N/8
AE 98&5+R[ A
M3I?W5ME;R6$?!MA6E^OD&Y0/':#U,^8'*;/_]UYK=Q-+ Z


M)PJ[+24_CGN/SD?DSJ@9J[TX
J3



M9.J#




(ZQA6*3KJ\1:)WLI]_=P
M$*R;5BETLY=(QG$



(?HK+U&@N

ZDU:1S_9)
Q4$H*H F2_8+R
MH_7G+*EK0']Q%V=-**+:=SBWH-43=W97;BO?KC[DC4*Z9K18_8SK$MFZ&4?O


MS=5$].JG7%.+UL!!U&*
+M8U*&C($5GZ%DDF_\%8+GRW=74L$-5OI#9P)/7=
MJ
?A:N3C(*4%=:N8\$[RM6Q!W6%A&_XJ?C@EEXPK;4@THT0P/5'Z
^.E!\%/
MD*1V0#9



M:^G[/@G4$Y

)TX22N$W'RW9*3'88XLNA ?A


4JUYKH=N=T


MAU=4)$=\*W]D*IXP4C 6DXM]Y/\..4HEGNP.[7$#3R#LJ1XEJBNPSV?SN#






=H!+@'AG Z&


E


5.





)0;
[0#T_8T@H4@R(!@=S9

M/8

#$TAJ!+HL*I
#@0

MO]RLKB(:A:+-8KRH]Z_#FGY]J
G0&_ERY5;2B/(/3HY4S47L9:9A$
T4)'@^
MS

OS:^

M$O$4B@YOMFZ6C31-Z#**QB:0S6O.6[:V4G]_B/P3+T^_
X!17'76UB='A+(L
M%4)'8?9

9PUN
MNHA^'7*(S6JDDTT3K&J8I\FGZK MC('6.M?5GPBA%J$*L-Q;3'.HFYGGK[V
MG-3ZGPUG9 !)#E3352\Y%+^X$B(?



-.ST6?A

MK/O@3EBZ#(+6
VSG6R-3

MY:

M0@&@[VC)O W:]9#^$?'*G;9%2:NE[K[S5'U0B*

I


MX*XD\$


M=





A
1D?@@\\G)
MQ[84#HAG ?-UR(Q39N.*V]8%!F-/S46F&W#FH40#YW5^(J$W/ Y4M[-9XA6I

&CAX.]K6SP
MZ

M)S=]I2_$SC0@/XO;VB!T
VEI]'#Y['#GY6E5@'X
/C:I^G#\\RIWH,R=*+\(A&:+961=-OZ=NX Q<%/9=_. G


M%W\MS4:9IU_7A]3



WW_





\'G&W+5[T40AA!#U(AHP
@Q:TZA?Y
M=;7(@P 04EESUQ=.H8[T$L
3?CR'C'0#]&3E)8

M/O+

MS]'N-Y;%%HTCG8%(]5MI$H




4\)+-&W*]AG</M0<4N_7^8.C=]42_(_J&24(C-&,L =4'@!50P%V2




H;FMO6'S%^2#3

M:1!)'$KK_07M?)I7'
B53F



JM)6

MBJ$'
ZRQ?D+^1IW[
OLENP9!=KG6E3\*1%9SL9

M5N=!;KI

+DG
M9.S#MP*PL2K(JDBDJ[B.#L@BQD.?E]SF Z%K.E ,DP2;M/;+B@1?DCIE

M$[;N.
2ND[I28I\&L330DP(WTUS:3WQ8IR;:A=U%[+*G**14URCV.18A5?


W0AZB:JFZ4YR!^2H:UN%R!&#4#<J
M+M^\L4QF+FADETS3
C9M)\7A/+UU?4!\X-%4MUM+J_
MO





0
MHLZ;L5\SY9XX*)59S+Y9)IW0$^#P,9'3IN!G9V3RP)SF85:\5;B$ 3(]([
















%]#3W[#3VF/A+8[QK83JA*#/2+9B+3@:,W&FD22.K

*


%?UI:[6JB4CKOJ6@F-?7E9FE


V$]K-1H/QV$CV7_$&


M2\


(JR 1\=K







M
6RQP'?;=AUV3!+?3FB-C9]E3A%TMRM


MK=A:NM.L$T_H


Z;. +1#QC!-1*!I)*V

SZO93]!
\1&X




M](*^

MM2;L]UK

M!:'=R )+R)CL3%P$UL=J3J [ 5N?)*E(7?&(R\K&D3+:K/BS'4F4XQR*(C_

D*7ILT:V;YW*


2/T[7?0NNEW\.8]VI954D*A[W#DSTG+B!#C-J;NQADLPL0ILV

QEI!

MA4I4WYR0J:)8).DI))2'S&\BM5YL%05Y :RW^\CR17*IF.LMN66X]\B$#885


%'761 S8N





 ^2.
' 167P%

8;?CE\37PU9&Q&62
S-IX#E ZT29V ZB:HOAKJ





54U0@9?B?!]H?Z
*AZ7
MP/!J09NR#)2(PO1)Q :M[HF;SSJ=:3HUY!M5CB\!:@4)

P
MEF,^CN(]86ZO4M6L&=036.<26.A6TSM3!3X,Y@Y]%<:D^Y%Z$8?+I9A5<\J
MCI

?C$Z*CTEU2+Q#@!--?D69
F
M93Z;5.P7

MZ7Q5!=QU%7J$3SE^6U2) 79.JX*Y]_!QCJZ!61+)U:3VJZ=-[*3-6+RD;.-8
M#.

YPKE$O3LO)IQ%KY-4F6E8Y5;
$?=@%Y60;8#V'H\

M*X.J5:




I)QN7/D


M8Q@V&4V/

1#'[Y+/;7EIZPZ]]W=QNB)K&824S4]DG7UUM*5ZC/LFFR4
MS^.&5.4B5!3X6)J1;3#

T\F_5:5QG
3T^T


M_KD2MG'GJTDU$^
)$O9^LM*;NWUX1N+\+).#OK!F36^ M6NSWEL-2+-[:.!R
M4/EQZ3WI*ID_ML^]46QK([;9UE9\ISP#VBP]&%*%XW+3
:RU7V-EUN()]%%B

JG??T

MYF&FE
?.);W0GFX%7A,.T!?7.!Z#&K7A-U=+WLQ
M@ESC.Y%E2^MN)KZTC-Z'MC)YE!&BDLZ@R[0!$D5V9U:LO.R-<X89K7-/:

R:I;'=LWMUC3O

M_+@$CMF#4NB6I^E;?6+*\5= 

$]SKEG

M?= 4B9Z:[F*@VGN]P\5O=9/5H?H.AP@ZV6#'4Q II;K%WD=EQ9]T3G]=)@F
MWA;'7TB!B5S\3ZL$;2P:GG-1

MG2CUC5^MJ]+3*I
: U+LP\G5E+BD'KOS72E;B8MHI-H

@E
!]D^).9J4&!E



Z94/L5G=KN%

M!BB73GU(


MU\B27@/O

/4!]Y!%QCO#]!DXHPA-:
MEA



ZN1*)E49YGLCU_1;7]PU?A:LZ@&\R;=P@
M

(

MW@H3.[ZT3Y=^:.LG]&)9
=(AM+4'HYG8!!GE!1MS2.T_N/T$N%*T$ G1_^:?



@T_=ZS3#!\F[=Z^4IIK3[[\7@
MH#I]N?/F]



M(





MA1@+







RXAH]?WABOLR#


I-ER2:<74#9)1Q5K;HI

MPHY^UE'3+



;-*9J5=E/*^BCZ7GKR*4KG0:*54!,%7'2E<&_)
UK.


KIBM3R^IT2TU#HP;:EQAW=SG[TB



1+^92E]H_*PU%85@!RSR/

[H!W)&


M58!Y]EOPA;OT

MM+(YJ.AQC$VL@+F2'^TN+4GY_/9P?L*=*^Q8;C5Z)!N7#9/.4=44C\81O?SB

=-!NSH^ZE!^4?TUAN)_SL3\AQ_B=
M
_*Q8T@JOE



US

M-C;TIB6&$DHYMTH=6'$?(J\Z4=J&SARY?[RHIZ5;I7'\P#6'$!LKC3.=QWL5
ME1.E\AY.U#


MZH?Z7KG*NJ0K(2K 2FERI-L/E]H/

MH1

MC1W-VU@;0QC;I'XA


M++PM




Z
M YIW1BN-IJ:7-(;_O'Q!^GE#/?LE]98?.G:CU6ZO?[[QX\TC-QMMQ][%R%:[



MG105&7
(




MO;6[+R
_]HX_B3B=&G^*6(ZB+'G$%*TZ@?*0[8UZAW8^XE620XWLV!S9^1D9
MT;

_\)(FRV#\@.+(5QE98'64I6V%5DJ7UUGD?59;6&Y3_
MC 8 QD-

]%;PW
MND69-/XIA?=W)F(L@












'
T_;L05=(
MV6Y:K?]]L)M6W[(=ZYGA2=<?BR AGAB*L<2!CR^%F+RDH5_C1;ZR1G*UMTE


VGZG0O.?\=SHX
MC:Y^MS]??77.


__]
\_^%]

/

MS__\^N.O

E?UE_]'Y


M!]NI-9SVK[_
(].CL#/6
M<KU9&N\


MH'Z
D!^7H-E(

YLG%%\_RB^]\2*@U-/OT2I



N?@W&DX+8+KFRA

M&T2J9$4WR.-]/8IXL0Z@G&ZW7Y/QE3C!WO6*QY;598XY]1DDJLWQ##IPEV
MY'0;AMVT.OG%#/@!D






MWIS(.5A.M$(@SU?0'JI;C'Y^BW$F2@MQN&U!GP

M\G*8JP9ED(
EWP\X
JQ[NYTN=Z\5Q=


PJ.'%;-<#Z8IQ
3@9
@ZH91&L]%/3\*F]
MB &[3HT$%/P98-/9=$4QZ;D3 0U0!*K1QPVI_,9SN]5H-FD=: $<5BNW31




*%A_#F2(4:HO/D'IOK[VLW#

R'41!$UTAAE[A?XE2Q



M7!!*PHAT'


)1H[\=



MW2 F?1**8)KXJO=(
=F;HEDB5;.==4O\6'1+5-URJ/U;H_3EQ:QA'+YPD4TF







MY$.JU'7?IXM'R\?+Q_OH1XOG^V]*AW]_*E7=V6,CW?QW*(A[E-#87)V@
^
M:%_Q/D!Y


H(O@'!.UW3






M=


X(W@5CLY_@VVQ@[*@S*'V P_]%=3K6F



M

M
1%3_




MURQ__VR=5\LE&^D5*'R7?IA[ BV[R@BL]F/WYR%9_O\HGKD\+^7Q();B^[$8
WK#U].3Q1_+'[[
M=($Q&+0!@V!7;C:_CN/0GT&A05QIJS1Q-06H8'\%&8<1R$
DVE_(?DT0/$6


M-(PO(U BC0U0

9@-!1;@?W&9'G#RA
?$$#$ )/43P.899Q_$LM)%.
A#

M $#%ZLO0EPG-F /.&-%VT+Q2QLLM2QE(5P#\#1]7$_@@^A(ZAV)BK27!FD/@
MH870]$/T.R/ :.M(0BA]8.BRI@5;T@

M!H0/R+GDZ90I$AX@31=</X&F7TE@0*RV+
M$#5QZ<2A2&UVPED<1+-T;Q2WCPPJO#7L2$FJ+3%/HZ#*GJ23< FQU&P%C6@

(BFTYT
]\#4I
8@-&[
MTMO)W377Z!B&K[)0';9B'EF8)1E
 1N();K6R?6

MLK1814E'/OKW


M5/1PY%^]4

M?W-RRZ4?2D_XW$?K*;R


35
-ZA


=&

M8OK2#PER-.\






MWA4Q2W=2F?


MAKG?-WM.Z^'K
/\

O*WM-A.?G^7G^&LQ?

NL-8F)YM4F44/%IZB4H+U6:85&PC?I6K97(/WEO
M\G[ZX!J\J)H6;9GM#NO0AV@?
WIO@]Y-TW(X8




G/
M-JT^JT\'37R




M'VYWS6['9M0^4-2N9




J




4_]*/LHU
MPUI[JVS;W%=%0[ U!2]';/5XK)OC-XU16^.+S*

M^CNXYLO$Q]*ED?GF'V;JRY6PH%5Z^2L=U$,DX6&F\6Q#-TI0U
8^&F=+&0



M. WK'G!NFZU==

(+7&L%[9M]B_GW0
MZ


X(SCG8C'Y
?D]/?)C


M





=K-E=MK=?7OM
M'PR^E4/::L:SJLZ

M1E^*X%I

&C#-TEH*T_O(7SW1^D:.*7?@I'ZBXE$*P@ML_2C4)L=Z7:

]$ED;Y)XKW
MTR]:6  0 S%)Y



MNU/=-+K#C


X0^19+$LVAUBFT3L




X



OBW'[%L]]FZQ=ZM^J(WI@%R#CU&[
MAJC=M1BQ&;%KB-A8GZ/;9-P^V&#$3Y:?ZSY&*2FR&:1GA#+%GBK16%8C+C&(
M8D_&- , S4BBP/<,W-ZAD7&O8_9:O7W[ VX'Y^$0^9-UA=6&)KH]L^.TF2:8
M)I@F9M78++/?L9@HFB8* JB:)O]_3?OJA--<)CE[F \C\)CZ@
3!0$LDZKL

(0:1K[

\P*\X+K);9Z??-5JM;H6ST
M#7M*#9SH**N!-)TS&:_9SK]*EW78 )A JG(P5K-MNDTNZ;=WWO]6B80)I#J
M$4B_:W;[EMEI5ZE80BWHHUKQ\I]/QWW4D/G;3Q=5(2O0$3]5$^W\ )[I'8)
?_7;K__?+D$-3_T9)B^

DBHU/

X&AO_$F$FXJEAF8;=M#KP

]


A*J_3CV//C+_Q_%
_YV


M:66@V%U-RA]2.58LK-LPSD0(X
)$-1RJOLJ,4[]Q,V2!M%B- S3D(13!
_
MP;(1[_Q0A*XO N--%'J$@_3.9YED04JO?)S(F
I
)


M2'@N/


8EYC-D*3P U4$T5
$]$(8I0 //R0F
M2H


MG/3=1KS:F&3N2 \N82D%2$P#WC!$+!%21N/?747TM13^BCU_:&?STF;65Q-
M#E7KQ$ RM)NO/L/&\]713]:KK2#^-(AN,X/[$KIE2^OGQ0LUK;/R7AIC 






M0?X+COO:OS2^R!NAORWLU&SRV$?6(9/SUC-;\)FDT02.$25W-JDVJA'1P6$&


DB J_S1



B
M!1C09(-W8
%C4_)D#*:$&ZY0[D^?/ :30$S)G8PZ?!R#B0X+ O4+U_&9G ?X
M:?XBCDTX5W9V:&\#ZF1D!V2P
!P] 40/)




T*S

MG*:SMTH^:5*.


L\S#=B@*Y/FD5 $&*P.A(

MBV%6
L_

%
IO#* $T+E%15$U+IT*#I7U.)\




MB=KTIP1./YQDN/5@$4F/8ST_$I8@X6O _&$ 7/




XFR(

M5



/=
\=8-MQ?4
M[;MR @B%AJ]E7
ZB+-^B\


#3
&




M



M=[BN43)_NASJRAWKNE[J(_T&E3H661KEGZB2V?2++K.-/B


M_9
@?HQN15@:
%XH#;C'1F8 'X
:]RF[ Y=M-9#K9I-R/K-KMGIMBO4A^PV
M%8.\;CW(;.
3P1W[([9Z^] /Z\[
M@E<KR-%I=-L/I&\M7]?8(6!/\#X3%4X)U\= 'HJ0[V8R[H*0'Q6VCM-H[MON
M/CB$_$?57'.,_/=#?JNQ [.$D9^1_P0OV4W+$;^GT)^=BNRAY5!P:!@4# H
M&!0

VTS;&VF[U3:[U@Z2MYFVF;:9MO=[E\LV^\T.D_9A


M&;^WT5N[IM7E^![C=TWQN^68S5U4&ZD[?K/6N5.ML]8Q@0^S1E!:]32.!C*4

WXO']T1%HUIMI:$'^/VXV9B



MFHTV=S_Y*5O-OE



MJFD*U%JX5VDINS4%:LT![(:U V= W3D 1\]Y+;R6B@?9:BU^3[QO60+&M?'V

MQJ(C&3M:B[*A(V)IA%%X_/[DY)
QEB+)8IDTC LIC0^I'!N=HB3:QJWFYO2C
M;2X:&NG(3XR3


M7XOO










1P&' L*FR9FP.I;:

MXB.K/A

Q
MA(V^%

)Y' (
M;X$



/LFF4W4Y\AVZ-W97Z=!-#@(=

W.W85QD@T3^G:'D44
DI5=-8XRV3ZZ5
MH


B@3;.8XPQPD Q^J$6/TELFJW

I=S4C+^0E
UE*;F_ <=! J4H6N!1Q<2FF=([%9;H55&CXE'DS!!2/KI.7VP!\
MI1M4!]WTX.H;_0;=,Q59&N6?J NK],L@BH'H\(0
4GDR_PO2W=BZ=\^X'R8

]6[CNKQYVK(;5[JY_OO'CC0_[






MZIA]J\.TS:E*-4D
O]^-A -)+

MZ%V%H^N;?4;O:JA:]7;GED






M?1&
W-N*HKWGF3%R
J641</]2S;1/TK!2@JUK_

E9DH'




M=(1O1UD

%5?


M5V7
5!QT&3
O2U4@[H:@;Z%Z?1^H?Z*TPA$G V(X#F(HD7[7;C37O+OM

2G0&!



=KM$*5CL:\L&[$X&^&7@4:H-L$ @9N+$0I0
M [8RC

  (V0Y/)GACPA)8I*A6B%I


MC!D0 5=?2B38(S5KH/D]D@


KN;+G3**0

YIUUW7#F-2;Y$0G



:-


F:)PI T*ZM)

M&3G%I7HKXLGC:C-KMP!O-V0WP2!\$05N3P
8IJ'-SF 3GJ$[L$
7-L8$C$8-

MH/\03T*0O8#V%S&P8%I', ?C5!?589^WD^E2$3J;S!#OBU $ZR+?(_$N^S
M7'J.I7Q 6I1)
[UKTZ^]98F1%_T9=3Z6:I'#[#;'W1*.




T&8^3*7XHK'*3+C_3
@8A5P6E27 ]_G2:,CL58


^2



MEL8#*Q5VTZ''%AS7+2/FCW9=4UX1R.1


M^.#JVCF6:?F!+I;^(_4RG97
SBTJLW\#PVPY-VB
U1BK
59CK
98C;$:8X=!


:


ZZ:L8R'WV:VA&3DZ%*)CKCKF^M1:P5:SBFMZ5&?$:YC1,*-AYA&)
M1LW ?@1?ZE8QEH89#3,:9G[PX(WO:IC1,*-A1L/,8SIG3,N)-,P,P9.ZY6FJ
M9Z5(,I%/C(NRX--2UU]=Y35-^EC.#JV/?JAHZPZRJIQ9@6<@5]#G9VJ<4;C
MC
:91S5!;%^K


_@J=CVZ
@.MBJ@ZT:9S3.:)S1.*-Q9CA$
MT\UQUPXTS]#7L57


G2P7%
VW^$GH-:.FCIH*6#E@Y:.FRR

M_A/^
[]/)(2Z/G!:C_L_3ZM)EE[]
F;E698K3G?@EOKWFKG]Z[R[))O-\N;2
M+-WM#-M:L#5&62[(N?K==B1\O;1_
CZ*BU)4LM_GY%P8?YS CAR-6&FD
$P\

IAE\V!1PE=R@T_+4N3\RKB8


M+(IR A38-4[/LZJ[=




M.F7?C%)PD7W%_=4CT2J4&/CF.04VPGE^[.:YW\[S3.2B9*/1%7+:URR![\*V
M4*RGVNL:\95B^&(

Q4=Q=L:_ D)5I9

M8P0%+JJ?\






H3[NG2H'?K45S#)B6
M9I.&BTLQAFOX5;N%I$K

M(
:[? +261%A?BM7%X)G:8;*@B@YO(W!JIHPUC-6)A(PZM%7(


M&T!WO3L-
9!V)
M07S2RY&M<Q P_D&MQS@B]%-@;= G43O#15MM7G:7*F=@F(NFPL[Y/&4U5-
MQQ=RE^X:?PDI4X#;04&K63[[*D RMGL==[-2_CBH/^ETA 8@* 2BFR0:5&_
M38I2\@: -NSJ
4[.A-?G@-XXD%93$M]0%13RLC(O01F EX*)R(T)_)JHD8JO
MDEI2#\GE&^4'I7A$TQ7&4$L F
E!CCH5JHM((#0FT3@$49$IJEP4597%V0@5



\Q:XX$![(*


MO=DFU3.T[TO4S9!6N!;3

8/Q[C+XZ:QDXX=]2'S\E^(E[CMOX*-4TQ!
M]C.%M*AZ(H\TM$#6Y3 O
+K+:H9PE:D@%/U6H'U(K0C $/@_J^3&0+
^)RTU
MARS%)F@YU][6C@@P 5X4J@$FD(0E


$8P^I$D7L=\
M'8&:/5I_M9F')/A/S81[
RB1/Y1J 




Q+_.
M ?G%5S::*E?*69]




M
_OVFX:(KYT;VB[8N


ZRRGPH:)6&=UI*O_0SL*^]OSXL_SVMY



AP0N2/D'#.T

.MX5 &*.@;.+D!31N:=3K)1]KT93&-^PXNE
M[S\=%9?&6$S.BRZ+I!$
[1NJYNGZBF)ZE0




:

8S%Y4I-%NK56A/*M!IO=%W(]?B]%7:='TTAU+
!B'(M2)82[MBGM
M!$GQGB[)\GXN:4_QA(4MS]KLEH.<G$C?^6OV1917\RC76OF8XV!W*0Y]^&.U
ML.JGY#5LVMLF+Z6+U+#AMHNI='NV!J.L=:^K-/#PH6VQ6+K_N12P.=P#HF!
SL!BV%
M88%:ZB?+

MDA[ODG^

I4-G1__2OI.&\8[
Y$


MKR0+GS1UP5Y.H-TW&7



MUU: 49V#P6FJ

\ZL/:9J-K.Z?BI-!0J[/.0N$M<2JPE*X7,C=EFU
MWJWY ?4EKU@%#X&;TVS4:?S]Y)V&YVCFVZ3L5R=@T)/9$$%=1 =Z]#@;^W(
M+L]KO:$[?UJ?0%]\ 'G7

M2

MQ&12%SJRV;A5^FNT[S!['VH621,*^L5/*F18I;J=78:9].JMR!U;I_D5JK

M$RHR
%_H8V9!C.J27;2%WE2% M94\5!1TO:T(#-P J*:*9#3R^5-LV_]FCO-

*R+
3?Y.2E5@
O5




M?[6\,[DNIIB=8Q096CT/W1MS3$@RDHWZ3?!@RC%U$GLDP9C)R][.]ZW=Z5

FZ\V%A5WWS3*N4?9/QIZ^V7 [4_I7N=R6. TU)Q6A-?



M^03_V5W?A^-%--YT4;DJ#OQ:F^%O&C/\.0#!4?%5\7YK;
UJQIUTQ1

MA8NE/'E!':^GBLT5/ZZ







NL:

MUOCUX&C_Z










S 6E/2N:_?6S3QZ




MV,;3H[*Z?


M=J5YL= N*ATHYAL!VCD49OG\;H5&EGBZ\SW+B]A6E*)XEX:?JO\AJX77K09G



M+/?5\
]-*]%6C6VHJ4ADG

%*
M&):2$
TM]U%[L5ICIU3?J%-O-W


!YD\+JDNT(SW AR7%B! XR_WLWMW


MLB%5JS/IK%U8 '^


%-

6



?F&F
M%5O5@SID%.P7.EEJ97]@#1L_LU0IN
@N:GDO2V !B
HUF)VJJC\L\#U2!!?Y
M:*$9Q::PLF7?
]?SQRCB-LD/\[3$JR_=.^C9;98+V9]4D:B4[=Y@1-AQE3=D

MZ)W5:;#R7-V6249#U'ZLIO'GGIN@4[#JT59UES]Y'A#&G(#9B67XXF[JO-?J




MZ?82T8;EB@I!J:24;
M363#*RE3
*S8


/H
M)



=B?MV:27HG'IU]F225*J4!DPQ&)F;&
!TD?2M/61
MCGP



SFAC-HC'W
MVRS7GU'Z?.


M%[:S:[=-7U-PX8MJJNF[?C7K]DJU6HTJK/*,7(KIM
ZHA5K[T]*T4O=[T-

].-?2Z_:['ZVFGK
M-Z_0)

O%4Y&K=
O^M?QZMS
M'1CQQMI\ZQU'7&8+@R ]%*!H7!3345$9[[1=R9=:7)78X8:[F5L3XM:5QW.
MDF%+Y3Y
GTR]]0'

M




M)ANN@(T&)R:R&
VP-XUZ0QK*TMKT4ZMB3_-]9P@
K
S2 3+-K!6]#(7DA'Z$



OQ[_]_OUH

MW_$.O_/OA]]_MP]_._0^?7X-[\?O?#S_-/XV.OY\^.WX]
_SXU/X_?3C%WSF
M[[?_?7XX/OI\=/IK=OC]W??#OW[_=@3?:IZ!;TW_=O[PX9IW]!?\[[=?SX]P




M$_+(CT-B1XY%J!

MAMK[0VVG(B=)[
?
[0:Y!\9?
M]=3IU/-$$*<6\2D#=3KU(Q*&6C7J9O:+.&@4H
Z;7NFYVLOB/9 #TB=U@B\
M-G5:(_#(WG98/$Y

M[!-8


MH)]_* ML]JVZ=.-IU@NLY*SSKK=#$V]6]\.(Y9/]/'G7++ .;*Z(^/V\Z\3B







M



/5MVXI]$L=Q2*B?4A+[J45B)AB-8/D8
MG@9R32L*S








+580)IQ8%35IP


MY#ZWXIA$5I@22CV/A&'@DLB)0AIZB6O9/K9!L$W;TB4V-U!E?P3OQG!HN$Q]
M&^T2WWP%?:DS]%H

MRGP_]6R!..R;@:N/V@Q3X]YN)_D2)4R&X2_?7J0?1*D2W87RGGC_1U_O]M*$

M1N
6L


N+;/





ET?%1!BV]]
RM;M_D');!?6+]_./&LR;O%D;DCR.M?*M

R+NAZ/8V9EG\.UZ%M)]



&_F



VCMQ^_?#J%
?SV

*;FPVI].SHL2P#O1##D(ACRS_K%$%
+B

M4W








MOA.$A%JN(RR7.)SBWD\%,)Q /9DUJ1&;K7:]4\1+C[210\S8T#XT;X]Q\K


G1!L

MB2/9DB4EU$/'7.)@4(*'U.96&LKT)=/V'-/RUM&?=MNSF(:4E_G4W]?0NRGU

MIW+;OB



B]V X\&MJV;$YK1Y$96L/S

M\W_
^



UA0-7C0CJT5=^'@T$U'*A9]


M;.?ZC ?3FL:1H'@BA


''].+(2Z@?
BKS@'UG0_QI]





*2YQ-SHLIO#VI3$-\XP)%8]T4
M(D^







M!W)\;K'

M



#
M9ZK]1
ZE0DF%
FK

M1JM1\%1L O;6B)QF&=YF+P/*&B'$8GL) 1Y90G/+2X8-@%T[3\==1ITBH
M47 (2S?0*Q&P8=$P2XH2QF+N



02HYSLDY@!](O8='_1UEP?H.75,*_0UZFF?P;/,
M4/A-Y*)D(YF=P))QEF?5I)1=F'6*PO:X#^I5ED[I_AIK&7./C.G^RA?E$]A
M_Q_?YI'E\Y XL1L0&G&?

M ^'# N%5X1I'+A6!$IVX(0QH;$=$Q8&G+#49C'6))BR57/
0-?U]K20*B!
M\&F/BFL@?% @/.HT0IJZ#K7\B$34Y82ZB4580 


[Q!S9*_Z59\G__?-*LR_/$C.@%%@OVI



MG)T]SS(=Q]&8J)T3#^=9=H;OF?B-9;D!J BX!1_-#3XM2Y'S*PF
N ET6L0C

?
MR_V &'AT^4\$.C5-*2/



VEPW?VO4T5T7/39@^ ZZY=H
M$'Q($.SR0IR0)[87

 8VTJG=#8]6



.VC?(







4A T)*1BF49$D1/%PK.\G3TW,L- GS?0WCH-?$\:R-# ]X/
MUP4QL'+L)D@GIT \%$;*X E+G&8&M:.BDC@0^:JVC
Z0&/@U\0UBZ@48B
M-/#]&/#UHA#



1D2%MMA$+G$35T,/44^2D/B<W2F/+$<[A




MI@3WA'U[O


1E*XJ0..6JZM)-?^Z/M87
Y &PDH\6V
=::1
M34(KC(B7T



)T%3@A=

1B/F9V

M 6E&'!9$A#+JD\CG

[RR'QHM-5IN
%JN
Q%#H^6]
MT;+GL7C('70;^N&:*E'Y#891:Q;2\5B1-PA^.90B\T;6L=QV$T7&Z;4V.K


LZ
JZMH5%#HX;&I_1A:&A\;&@\ZFN-5FB' 0<^T%KI*$@<< CD@H[

*TGF+WU_CBU8) )&261%(4CFP+,B5-.8
+






MCV@I_J




MC'1*
N)RM;?





6+I


MBUK3$G89(5SD(_*Q#E.W:E$*Y.
=\7$F3@'6


G+I^2'TS.N\&H




'U%A;_[F&ABH




ZX5KT











M]=L461=JKGC$Y/8AN!6(F$RQU!B[CPV?^BEWQHU_IX_OK/2-2_KK@3I8199
M6:L &K2G)IT


W#P[O(+*!.*P%#MFLD:BM])I$5@4NDLM5H6=+K!!* ].*58?*

M/AL

O
_T#@WBMP
M+^

(
MW'L%[F4$!IA7B65/1


U[IQ;*59=%
HPDQEP?3ZJ@^DGZQ.V^=Z&PH6ZH:@M2-3.9L(V
MU$1:_L^(IH0 *V)2[9\D0*X@4Q!5_W11(M;3#[!W5;$9FT/WR V%X[-R^ +
M4\8#HPD&63Q!;@B-O! ++
Y2JT
1%:P:5M47M^016PB-A\\-NMR^@:QN7!L



]/=+?33^1X^C/C$UH?I-1PH6KVX/IG5<I9?S N
M?WT\:(R/4X7(R5*<5(;.G;[KAX[KEELIO^B5VQL]NCX0$VR!-8IG,#K+%K'
M\G J;VD$I1VU4K]6NOF5T7LW&'6JY_'Q
'7=N-#QUP^=.#Y^S&BYV/
+!SE=





MVYN'.]N-@\/RG_;.WN%!8_]I^6E_Z__[??_/[9WG!_^WL?/7B]W#H\:MQ^(^
M'RMS

M@:3[7&^@GM28WLWM)T]-YVZBFA?O.?\7$[_*G8X'%V^9VB*3WYS;+^4&N^[=
M*#V^^.::XS?YN=./Y;



([&I=L7ID+%^I*]:/F%FU=2QO/
8_2-BY
Z?O<I0_HKAN;4X:J?*!I=&&S\?=@7YUXI]L#7J]0;]Q
!Z$

?:)NKC
MI'YW4D


MB\\B++SSV7)*: Z90''UB)%%DSE0'SGP&)@O(HS:B]J+VHO:B]I; ^W-65N3
MHG$^

MWK&BR4E)H9H;EO&6X8#BC.*

D)1


MA2[
MOK7\GY5X&&O'
)1HE&B4:)3HVSK/CH.+6BOP
8-0SG@=K'


ED




%Z



MG\:-03Y/LFZ
XTBK
93TY'

+XZ7#0F]S^D^KNMV9N







?K]N..[Z2%\D_'G82IJ?/9?3M74E.SX\%)M[K0* ZX.FEK[[C$!A74D]2
M4UOR!9PP+
W2S/]UIKD=;H4/-A9/]
/(8 00 BL!@2^W6?ZJX:EH

MIQE

F9


3/*S3MK*R#/)TDD@0,QQFH2G4A:0X20)7J5
MJ6H):@E-][]7DAQ\SO;^49569JA,^J(J2/-F=#I,Z@&*1&.]3F5OEJI0'


8TQ RQ^3+$=J]DB$4:4Y9!DL\)FS)



MWT&QPZOQX

MW F=U ]G5;CXZRWY
# \5VX/5OET(:D$GA*DLQ ( A*?&!E(E
*1FC@@C-

.&P#QNY!V4-T0WLEYNY&Q=0S ^



\P


MM^3RJTN-_V' ;\Z WTS^+#.

MID#/IV%#L%:C


($M*? Z4 #@NM3)5J8[FAK4M;5F+0_U*N=[H

M_SWMC
]V^Z%[6@W2L\&PNHK-\7C8\:?C*K9P.-@;]*OK& ZZW?)/=LL5%:W!
M8RIS*\S99=4GZHP'8PF3INB*4X(X$SU1+FB7F
K4##O&;8W+LTS)43EBF720(P!9LA$)N
(=K9

5G;D@H0GVN/3S3
T3_=\/\=IJAGE=%.;2


P(48\7^590GSKDPO)C(J#RKJCSM2G7.DQQ%
M

M2!ZYC\T-3DV+:XO2@]*#TH/2L_!MG
02%4X(D1R$F*T.+E+F14J4@@PH/:LK

HC$!AP0_%!\4'Q6;CX


R+(
,

ME

M0B1N$Y%4@*RL,^X1 E7.HB8?'Y:F)C&=(/Z8?TNY8R;DU
6I4'Q7J(S!?F

Q3U

M]*O#U
U!/Y4*_3C(XC%ED-1:P5[P 2H5##FD'XUI-]E1EC,(+Q.CC O0E4


@


P
8@$2!:$)Z%QL3I$T
3'PXKO+F%P$





6NY#(XEKYL;LD67DOB ?$0^UF/J

M'W=\-QVD4/[IN)

=%+%I %-B:GJJ@=IK)5!&.9@
MDG4O#.:.8M;]0V$EUH# !;[6_S?\UD#.IDL A3UIPRD*N(0F(B&6NLC9;=


YBQPC
!0'SLAR1
M9%1%X H5M4DBB$1ZS@G(6GKG,G40_X6,#%TO'Z%B.HSAMN=T;0465EJ\LA


QP6.QP7.YP7.X
MP'&!XP)?T06^Y.W/&^]ZMCO]P; S/KOHJ[*=PCY4:J:$5S9_?A6(Y;?!]V8
MAK@!.M\&Z,Z5#5!K,N4V4.*L$ 0T6.(2RT1(4*!A4E+ =N2DBUV W3=:8D%





*+ Q*H(#B7&A42HF:R7
ME 7$YH80U^R%S[B8/(.87E@'55KWC##

MK^87W(BR=U[U.AS^ESR2(1$VM]CH2J1002$0GVDF@H$+OCCWMOF!E=X
M@ =9^ !8B&*/QP7.YP7.KNL7G!ZUNR]6[.S:1\@N+-2*.)M\@2

MX A8ZJT#[H)F:

;U:VNVG
]7T]KQTR*RCLO@X0@G66*

TA8%U1*6UZXUTX\?NM61

M&J1G@V%U%9OC:1&WRE/^5A$W])7G59:SS\KBJ

TY;8#%Q:

[U!B=:XFB)WZ
E?CLI

O?UI/Y6I6CUQ;:F;2?9,T,GMMB32$; A

&9
ML-IE:1D*SJH*3KL2F_.


8=7B8)B.

MJ/9K^T:C
<[Q0QQ4GLBHT\\4<'*Z\T-T1+&8-U45!E4&529^3*O(P\V.F-

!=

M;BC18FP9Z=BH
*@PJ#!KIS \.@_*2R-D *; 96^\$HI;+;S*&A5FG13FQ16%



$DDVFTG$5 E




4-L!$4LE5Z!



69(/2LB!IN=J
M@T4JP7$@6E9)-I 9
3E9$JQ



+
M97X
)1!%)-Y$24P


MP8-( &$ $( (8 00 @@!! " &$ $( (3#OV,U3EV97=DWX\GI:%Q%@T:'



M(RCU
^\0 @@!A ! & $$ (( 00 @@!A ! & $$ (( 00 @@!A ! &








VC6:E3_=7\GD7YV0.MI:LX1O+B=X%0QBZNB
I&3




M+(
VAHAD* &E$K&&%VFR5B2OO/ !FANF!=2VC !TB=: G^@2H4M4IP&=PR6Z


B^!'JBTP)06J_NJJ?KBB^C&8+%G*Q+(J+\H#)R99
M1QPD(Q5ST3C?W+#%T1<H^?=\^/V7R:-PT3BF?+FXW)GAJEZ

M*O)-5HX;I]C(G;[KAX[KEELIOYA4V7G4N#X2$]B -8IG


M

G%TBKF;5KP/_U!(:.EE#6[ZVSNZY=X#HSU**5T


MJ6ZOF6H:




M%V5)$$4!AGQ !3Q
JHC0;/A:+-#:U;4ET_WKEE:3OX[&I5SEYA#W_HYA
J'4I%=\_RR +C527Z1,D
MT5CL;B$\,9I!^=%3X36E3%8L9U@]:OYBRQ$%MX[Y<9:4 6WCT++V,0$)AC
M3 -1OMI=U%03ZP6KFA$&77Y'O2@L%*95IA-9B&(AYB6L]M[YSK#ZK1?8Y ;


H$^&QTWNH/1J%'H&)
?-WJ#V
GE
M_C!58B5B$E]TN!E_Z+]]7%6V*_/ZF^OT1U6V71KM]]LST[J?M\M
H[;
HRV=









(%H? RXJ \=T9R2:))0( :(-XD1;30+F4N






/0JQ[
M
AO'IL S=

M5$E1+062#V

M5+WQDB+

1ZZDC4U
A@HM I8:T&1&B\+XC#HCNT;AWL$
M^\3IQ!
MM%D3&K4E$*P@-A04JV*MGE9_I

P0GT
FQMKJF+*W
7)9:


MDQQJ'VKX1CV@R\#U09GM_?SL?'Z?=5U_O'
QOR@WMTQK:&^^3E(&EH



M8EKNC'%

MP*3-
&F\-9KIC(.!T#6J%E.LW&%RH[2=IO_=[5_

M44K0U69UHI(BH1%HICWT07%3'3-#=%2AN/(P@1A/=VF M!N  0S@1!(]59
MJ)!(F;E8+$)PQ.84B70F@
_%] =595VUM

M%I=RM=;)NZL3:9B9:124N03EKRL95ZY
GZL*D+GJ\%:926(3H\19+1VKYLSD


Q)DT)5


M4\J(




]C&
T5
M\=%1PC7S8'+@QKOF!FN!788ECEA$+-9AZFH6J$ L+@6+,P$*<(%[YJXU.L
M1<&KO2V3$W2N.(4*&
GIST


ML*18GYX S4 \Y0P[I.(4AIF10&I*B U%(
9]4M[K.F_[1FN4\_%\[22ZI5
M.[IIY.J^-]'P\_'SUP(IMS?J5Z


KYG+4M3+V





Y?B7.D-'B+X -X20:M.D-IRXK3QQ)A






.6!/6UT3N:5VM' F1Z 
W46(Z5\
M/XX

MU/?G4#T[7I1J$V01(ZF*L$%H( EG)B5:F) ;F@&WH@.'&NQXSSK&:+T=C]LF
MG$-LT:

=!#0/7V7BS


^)KGQ.:2$
RT$J)4*I,?XM[.ME_$H\5=5


-YT(^HE37PH']N9ZMY49,'/%4$IY126C,
M0L*2 !4@+J3@?LI8O/4R'$4L&'C08&G;E/K_/ZR=Y4_SC[DDY_AGSNT!WA0
M1\Z5+4S\)]U): -Z6[8M(X9.0M_(H$[Z$6\BUI(*94@$RBNAF8@(#WE
0#-2


@*BJ Z']+ ITMO4R MKYWI[D 5*?FI7E
K+Q.SVM?448%#DN<'UT



3.PAKK4 5:&:*%+PFEAA/A
MT7@/+83Q


J=F
)$R%


MKF9#N


M8% )2U)!6@EH=ID1$B5D5 P!EQ#2\Y#-(S3:*CH-G@%!W#\X::* 1R_-SAV
M1@R3^)$O@H@P306A09R!)\QDHB$

F;-T#&S$&


24:#E-#$CP@W*B$1\+4$#C /A'S(



(#?/8)?9TW00:#]4%/BBS0F%/:)9#K4


M98&



9WUAO



$




1)1*X0L:!
RHU
^8



MC3HB__

?\@4^0'S_R'F
M=[XAF6#U$



 (L$YC:.CS6(1;+X
1HP]1B/%Y

3(6%I;8P@OYY+.N

MGUU

W/RU(K
9\=%+
/VCJ_WVFI\\]ZD.WO)MN?+13?%3*(









M_TE^V3]_A\\W^Y_.X/L/QYK[8:A#12+A8R!@%A





M^;D#%UO7;NUHL)=*#K]?G!;C


M6'_I5FH



MKEH_F\X%'*
.$XA^<H=_BG

M^/!?\Q
/Q%V^L&
+
+=;3/0


]N_7E)^UO'^$;6)-V7'R2



A_;

#6O.'P]:M%F77!ZO[M

$

M&#?$S1P0'10.Z1:GVT



)# G(0) ^QKB7TE+DA_


M*2S/R2D(^1QM&NO.FZ-/?





2S







T&\[2+#9K4C
MUT;U6KE(3S+ZVE'A*P8EM@5AJ7#]XVQB!(?!(5W^K-&J=.4Q;E=


M7[#[^-8*D;;9+6P) 5W1.RS

MQ05

;/G)XI]LGJ$







M:EX;;VVZ6E?4I4EZ7












?_G^R[:=:V_;[5JC@:=/+ YJ_;][=71'6R5K1[YCE_L



M*0W3%%W[;
[/!*;T^:LX9O<=@2M&PQ?R:G#^U[ZVCRAC5\Q*#_
MDI%L[.V9<D ]=\

..:@'J1&Q D0A'





HR#)?

?A:
Y(Z<Y[(G7@@61#(*$Z#!+


M$C^(0T(3*DD&BTTR[8LL#0$/??/XLV#OFH/?$(U-^V@IYDFGXR]
63=3]KBT
MI=%MIONOV#L
R\F^*LY%/JG[N]L7]CBU?9062@*CK5\IO-R6E2N-JW$F?8
7EK0'MO!_@'K-!SP[*C';J_^_XX38U.
MJ0H)#P(!6)8*PHUD!*2Y


M)-(F&#;^OC?^X-/.


H3$5 313(;-C
^]_
?;$IK^!
SU!:CN*M,-,7==\')8.!AF&(-E/ ^Z\V]R+%F4GG5







N
MC/G:\EE0
*DR@I-

M./CK&!8[9F$6$2%\K)1K%
F8DL101G5B*.C(!A3A;7I_E7(ECTPDM4QEG%(_
M%D+R) E



Z;81:+LN
%


M+HI257JRD!IT#6$]7U_)UQ
8%XQC5X9OC^37@YUCQC4Z'H&LF
^GPF9A)($G-3E*!V4JT)2X0O#6B?5/MWBLV589H%L19AS&
J
SIZ?/*N I0?!U+H5/M&QC34B0C2E8FEMC/-V'J/HV5
M SG=0$X'N_LPGQT8P_MP?_?#E_V=8QXFD?23D)B4101@/<'&4DQ$B3M6+'4



!$7_#Q!;^LMOZUL![]U?WF
N_G++O2O$C-_?'AZ]/CST?GVW<[![./+V#EYM/^7Y

M-@9ZK=BZXCTWR\B+[XD3GV4



)P Z





]L
M?WAW[0B.8(%^562+$]V+5F?)[-)6O7OYCW7?&NI;UIA(ONL:B7D!G_TEZA
%H02Y9 #?5B#4O5+?FH
M$PPPC*GFNVWJ2W)(!5UQ.D2N!8%=A1N'@N];K78BA@^\:G#0L]!M#F(&+G
M9I/#0FB6E(P*V1MI: [


^S*-:(^N\;\=6?[9NB++!0J4RGH
MDB9-
U!#=02;GT8Z#L/@']@W!U+X!V% ![LG7P\NCF

S

@S
5\IGM C!I!



MT^_;(D56^FWVW(5$UC0*TRCJL'W4SKJ82B 4E.E0BZPUT&LTWVZ[^TH27+P@

9&CUBXH]



[XZI8
!@'
M^A[BH]Y<K5T^:V42G_WI[#B-LT@QP4G)

M89_]F(#

MF$^NU)BOF.RBOFS-]
U3^G8)4(
:M;BM[E54W5
KYR:HPQ0:]T7#'&&?;C I
$#K-L%#\L#!T<ZQ\8/8CR4E<2)\0#ZC:BN&0&E).0B
M\D/#TI5 )Q\SRQ(
]F4T4C$+ Q!:;
2O9
 AEY
'FK[
5FS%K2#M7GB_PN$U



[=-6(-'EJ-G![%C%SF
M4[1Q3C%



MF3!DY=TM*X\.67E#5MXCSLJ[





CV]K+CK9OQMO=KD]Z=T^X#?ZK_4 K
QBYK^J*




+#5S_#MB=ZM



K%77#ZYDK.MX+M=\TL[(]'
)/@

!@5!03(2)#



M&_;7$8G\M&[BW
\BF.;R;#[MU$@)Q('%:RS%@D(* FL.W-2R;RZQ[HUEL'9/





V^KZI+]I8


MNDZZK:PN!/I


W6+2&H
][#/J

M;*)0AXJG)J4^C464Q&G$_%!397QI'J.Q]%M2?6\T(2\(@*[4M)5:L-(78%9
MY=;QT1:4MO9!%Z.7^(EE#:UZABKD&LC-)7PK EG/NF




-Y\X0Y@X([L-6-NKI\5TQ?A





0I31


M%M!




MDI+[6F;48MQJ
?\!XP:

M&(SK[ )&BB1)4TDXYR&AV0[8S[%_A(RB;1(%,\0XQ[+/#L
.Z1:_Y/.D[A
M*.^-SPTH?FE2TKS5#''4/'_\^3MSL:D6F@:FXA)FH81\R4+4S^BD0JB1.G!
M3OC^

MV^Q&T#UREP)$HB&F8)%9S2*
ABDR99A$EF01#+P3#Q(T&U
TR$QF=1:A2)


M'IDLB\-

*7D&0BPC-DHQD


M&B0D2$5$J

UDNL^::X3#U:6^'4



; U/K\K/IV-7%;;NUC

L&OE9NV*F[8B%/N6?\\)5EBUM6;H1UJ6[
MR
?CMFX4/FMNJQ9AN;J5-8*W8C5++*QGWXSM1=S




S1KPUK^O[JC^Q'C 6TP4J

9_!)LB 3- E8DFR]I&L:DHZN
O_O7L5%Q$J<I)7[FAX3J2!*1ZI(

988Q-%
M8;SU
MAF*WS!@]
WMJTS[[+C





M/7BJ+=7@]F+G#&P*A6+8^/*)FZ_ZO+]NM8-=Q2:3N6WW@0H
2J.6DSJCA14D




CCGZ3Q(/=#U_W=XZS
&.Q[S
@A@'[3_308B(2D(



TXY[ZEM,WO-$K@^/;44W[2.PVZA]<Z=NAZ@'E^S4&9E68:^< ]PP.N^
M<,G0%^X[K/[0%^ZA^L+=V.=M29A)HPB4GU2&6BN:2 :L*(1SPQ3
E0Q?XSB


)3





MPULS)ZN=N
 
; DZK;NKP_L;%Y!WSE7=+;UNH-=L%R[NLL)5S4'QM \$5:?N












MKR*O2JWRF?='@=FBFP$K5V[M%5-^X6W&N*\?94_M1&ZVL.ZHY*S=G@V9V5UW
MY*?-&/8M6*G_RU$QS:47A8G].]@0UGK7%?]Y




Y



6J^\6S@PAF\'A[8DF



5

3NKU\7:6+


-1'-4Q##F]]BKA/!F[
ME##\!X7AJQ*&7\+PER

_P6RW]UL-HOCM4^CI@T/-M^PE0;]P[H^SD7M8ZZ2

CVH


M#A&Y8


MS^X6FR@



 -[JVED\QOWLZ+DZ?D8()
MR8



W00?W3[Q\

M/GP\&O9AV^?V*+9WG.S8ZFH!-TT#VJN@]RK+MCMNVG#Y_O6X)QG\DV%?2N6O

S&Z ^F2=-
806KM)UX+^[
M3#(15
]4Z_L8NI0Q,19=0B (WB#'%B-62ZXY21RYZ[H[,NM#6Y?
M2&/+Z-<=#[
RN$D2^0\J&?REZ

.SU36\/C<[7<
MG'':='/\^5K]V:6.G/6'FJUQ(F_^_-:+;_^0K@G-[WEQU55R//AK.E$^J'NH


G*H21QN5_;4Q-K\V




:H/U'(2Z%%V53\7Y#]



M'!3CX
GFL!-'E\/Y?UD0U3CL
S\ YJE5)9&VSM^H_G!:M*


2WWK7QUI?_?(=QI
[9SADP


MCZZ/D]$







M@M
H'5&*RR0\3H%)'2H14!
14$4$GE

!
RX*F\4HKW=E&QW5

MM(1IT%N!G#SA)ALJ33A?F;?O]





M;[=IY\

7SU_#.Q-
MYGC VGD4DL$(8-
BRS68&@:
4 7F!E%L97VT/XCG
U@IC_.Y:Y828*HF:O7!


RPJD[3K;;MV=KAV=JW0[#(1KE_=:_JU%VULQ[T



LSA! Q?BG
MFIZWL$]RPNRH_[%^^7.?!J*OS*G1_K9QEMV;A//(A4!160)T'1DR)@+=X&B%


MFL#OB*9]A+2]:%7LL7KV%6M]'/93J5MUC[')/:N3T_KS_?Y!J*J=C(X'O7/7

ML6M$

D'%D*3$1A?%OOGR^ODG*&+)6 TR&7+-



I/0_@G#F68UA2[HW$;

MS;VSSEF;M^F'LRNEZPX_PA@^\\Z[
MC]_:7_X^Z&QNG'S]MM_MG/V]WWGW@6]MMAD8+&=?-SL7NXY:KX1SRB+\]&*


W'=PLQ79M'

MU#';!X-S;K0&UB !



MUYLC\+Z!4W1SDN.P-89#9'P%ON?)(1!#.WD7')((=E3G&.A NK-15Z95T;

MY'E21# 11#XGYTT\%GEAU-JL
Y





M\):4\ ?18



UI56L9=6%-8P^^/)?^=$

D1$1X45W#-IJ#4F:O@]):




M=V0/0-C[AQ$D:#.FKN_&GC_]:] _O$.Y&N3H+.-GR!! #S:^A01QU$CKJU


MVYM8@[KY;[=QX6RI7OO) 5/+]D)5 FNUE3TFL75BA_/IF _R_
P%(F_'PODI

X=/)4_:%AEC

M5 +0.@XR!F8TE*U_#@#/1_MVU((US2(Z[
+G\+VC0=]EKUF^5[[/[_6W\E-;

M?(.[WB!C0I)$

%
/_3





S.[H

M=S8Z?[[?^'?KTS;\H?VVL_WI.JF\M.UK8-7
R*]
8#5&D)&ID&S9FH?(1G

MT^_9#@']


MXU[

^8I^33J^^^MVE9O_3:9AR:3TO_[_VA*

Q.][)):-G&LJ.I\KY7)

-9:&Z^5M):XY)2OF%E-F%D]BID77O?WU7'[

7KCPJ

$!<
$3R9ZRBU7%FN'X:%&
M@-'M@WM*FBT&\!U;Z0//I[3 @HIZAIA- 7%*







 8QLPX(I(*#C/!F0-MY@XO'W\R(_@\

^M\^7S2_O;^))=AZVQ_X#O?0O?K







M_([2(




MJR[5#U_



 ;23;#FP5DM

&YPR/





M]?Q2/0K4D@UX'[ 5JR7]& \MV/V@ZE2_SIQ_M/[=3?5W?JN\E?=);2O+WMQE




MPS]Q4$'8DZBM]


*!(6%
MYF
A-F4A ?:;% 1)PWVN
)09A%DF.M(X^62K*RSM?
U;#[0D*-+[OY\#
9
MTWS71 4#
2RNYLQ]REV\2$^ZI\H0$1T5.7. 24.M

BKJPS





MDN


LDR!-3K9
(N425S5W2QJ@2Y0K17LG@6OR$;




MB M&D



 C
M) E)@ZAZ)5'%5I58A)?]R3=I0W&PX2$POZJ.Z9Q0V[AE758_^PRBWM//OJ2-

_N]'!)XD%HB08Q%W2R'%G$4]Z: Y5[C2V 4KA4P?  R-@H%FU)[

T5(42

MA:QCF'DL/
C!RCI;4[* [I(Y#5]T4=6)TE6*JBZ@J.IBO8.COO_^?C@\CF'S



'B4Q2

M(X]@N&..N)5

&=C#()

MU_LS''DV9P[O;DCW;*[W!Q=EN53*N7K?^M/Q\Z[Y0G'._^( [9N;UA6W_'W8
MYNVL6YX;Z:D3#H%1 \8.$;F\!L6(!Q.()=@)S8%MM%R5UQ38^-4GND^TE1N*
MJ T/KGER
GQ@_?W'(G;CUGU9'?NE]]VS ?;4/- 2*R4I!YA.G'M*;*:6P0
MD$(D

^$5M#[
1X -H36/W8P
M.FU5%9E;%; 
'_#:2SA?

M+;LWB!5 MTZZH_W6GVNMS0COTXZC0?^H?WS0'ZY6UV=8M[W3UDD^\'$P!]6L
MC_JMO8S/K;S%

MQ.%^_R 





M2& 3.9;)!(%K#1.D'M2X[(V.%'N99:.^YL
EK!Y&NJ(O46;.J55@2=[BB+


MH


K




GQ.:(0K[1 G\WZ \;




M.X)A-Z


M&$R9=;4^9XTL8%PJ3 PI*H#&?Q?JKM61ST@QWN%^Q[3NP[F\$^O
L=8!^@


=UH;;TC@DGM./8
MM@+I3HMAY+7

MJ\#6Q451_+
%^RYC'[6*)!F\Q;!;HN)&T\ 3P\PPICPMH0=-P[ZI/AN=4);)
MA+#0$G$L$C(R1*09I(3#-C'5];E*A:F8-]S:[.OP*A_%;W[KB+DPRK%(3\

=808!JLZIS48


MX8T:EI

M.H*X
!Y94WF^N;5
,Q4Y;RAJTPOF=.[=+8KA%4(JQ!6X\X;F'-35A3
TE+


+C%)C4H5IH-5EH51;Z
M\1T6/*[NO[U!M[:_GW7V=KF/%$?B4*(2+&3&)*Q[C

1Y-*S/R[/Y@JEGL1N4&TWY%-\*)O[


;M$*8



0WP%LQOPNGXZ/8.N!
M

MF3J'V1Z5H-)Y830QW7 .439I11H[1(\?K3\#FA8:
JS_MZ86#[.SSC[2D\

M5Z)TH]2\;$_T+$/&'_8 % :X.VSZ2CA[/E;;U!Z ]EM] ANU?SSP\%/5HS[C

MBOQI^\



M=PYY69N$@S@,/83S=T5E,LU(=0S=0654CY/5U  ]F?JOIL0Y;X^89\2XO4

M#*C\VZ4)ZJM:6EV6]J4NK7I(NUM^U)S.K4\PEL6TNUW&2;MU-SS!M#4GC*Y)


C$)#0L?
28KZUKI
M5:-8*2#]Z
2Y!I1Q*M10J.&)J(%$;3RN&L=AKD




MT





OS7_'S2QCOO#O\

;Y]E+OCY(.8?-GIA8X; B@$ZAP&Z=3%H^70W
MZ
)%)H6&B@T4&A@66A@







MD

M1(:XI@II0PEBGBE*7
(ZR95U1N2J(;( ?@D*?ZEYX*7[Y.+SP N&/Q3#/USV
UU[WGD0G)$*;0!S


3M[;S=0#%I^
K HR2*NC4/&28&4$S8R




1TI'[]*;NLS:4LQ:




M
1:Y'$5E#?&!@9V1G

 O6O*)W3[DA&P=TK_S4M'!8X[?,$G/8(K/.X<]%X?EN!V
E: A



=PY;?1B=V$$$

VNWCBR@=;?7\G:XW^H/ZLL'(%.C?9BQO7WX



MM!I_!O9B3K&



M
'8$\105TM$9^$GPJ%40)OF5=;:*C5I5F#3NB*KA:-O


V;4$5E&IN[)0U(Y*4.F\
)H8

M +6E
1&H-O*4
NYH2NCO)1MW819!\]R@I?1!0P%68F55E
%&'SD-VN(48D@A
M4
8Q8:2HQ;\(96?48H


38R

M*)Q$&PR)BWQ0\=9R:1;@F.&Y[U\IQTHYO@+E:$1


P(-0X[4G1




T-
MP=B?K$.9#'V^$L5H*8H)RQF+P26DO*1<QSOGMA&\I USM^3FY/8/)_$<;JS

M[0]BOP__;672UB]2K]LNOUJ+@U[WJ#N$_5.LP\H


K_[PE;_HCKM
'&
;9L/YY7I+E1MTP.;U_,FWPR Q[R^_',&S%S339
M7&^53M?7:O \JS&[[_JV16YNDNPI$9RC'PT%G'L-+*4 ;7VS&FAX1
;+U-K
M3

M





MUM\(SF
6J4-




MD@[)2


[!BTO*WPU
M;OU*W% %?!7PO27@\U09(J*CP@KNF334&A



M(/3(^%PTB
M
B$3E$?)


P5\5&CX/&IZ;
V)S
MOP+9P7<_/?8HZYT@PQI2CBCFDD]=(


MPI+(-(\&UF[IO6!B68L75CQYP2%]
8\#*\U1:8YGUQQ/T
*MTASWTQSG7B.K



MSN




M@C5I6_D=AEIA_OVBO.!9_.DN4U)9$@Q*1.16A)(A1SA%01FEI+

/@S=86X[_/^]
;K\VUU9/=G'0'%9)(VX(_..X0LXRC027T@<O8_^*5
*GV.?+1QR+68U









-B':8'IQ2/N-CXU&@]H_/G*

5XA-WTH\8T?W_#A[4.^ZV2\JL!E



E KBD5!Z4
4):YTS./J
MF//BQ=YB$;4CB!H!.B9(@G12 45*N$G4.6Q=J6


M_#MGQT8;AADW2!





(9BDI(ISDPE(-!-EH


MY%A+$D KB14:ILR:
%6V;D*?IB5^4A%M99__R*ZM:%K=35







/L\EF;^9MLNPR-.S'-&P5K6:*RT7J==O%344:18A*.J\2BY('

M7-VEVAMJHD4L8@VB*0&=$[(ZHH-\!VJ )STEPV4HI!]\8%QMP'08
PF#D.

5F7L



M*
4YP_N9PJ2J\^

M3FQ



0_



9 B'E[UA#%^:UC5; 'BQO]H)FYF53KVUUNS[


A#O5T_^(IK#7^Z

.H:'WMZZ_Z


.6T2XI881VD249/+

.HI?'8YXGZ\+

.*PORP6+PCQ[E8@
M9*.32PWEBNR=7*]E/DXD7G;BV42[2BG!%CRN_M72QEGD2Q-H@Q*YJ9^R6#
M2+X)LUC)8








\[Z




MC .5;^_%VGX3W]X
D)_H@I








TD6ETM)[6+%*
M3R^DC?6JC[XF.:I%SPYBT3^V1R6R9 FL_&:+:GE=!.TU&._/LC7?5#1ZA=OW



_1/+3Z\\SD*M[H.6

MK[+U^OMQR_CQ8M2';;B7'[W.&[/9&98YD_


MB)$+0RS'5@?EF5*114-WU[+EA0DFZ-P$FU(;#?OK6_2Q^3/OF=6]7HQMT!4-

MU!OKN'9B\


M$WOY4&OS.(8S



P^AY
 U
&V@%!Q
''%9/15Y;C.$MEK=
MXRQF68;C+[^?IS3+W

MH$O]V1]?8S67IFMWLWH#;E*

<


MG/9B&S[)-WX9NO];^21O6_^OG\)8=[$F5&5.'W
O[-%1J^G+<5P KXMR




MXXGY9!@L5+KLGGW9CM9









MR;8/HFP\58:(Z*BP@GLF#;7&1 VO4S+*X=*)HR=.G!NJ&EU4+9O7J):M+%03

23/O/#*Y$_:)'.#1I9M((:(CG/00_45 4S%E/)W)_T
MOPPE\RV&X0A]0

^


\H
MZKD

MET[)914VSBL/

D
+7T7BTSP2I#9]&4RJLN
M




=






\$#2:]1.S%1B6P
M=&-%DB


MP0]JNX88;J2)2!*E8
&]1%IZAC 5C%'N30SVNEX6*\7J&0]HG8RTV2@RK#DI


MI/3

_[K?E
M;SQBJ]D0!]W&9


[YRM3IN

MMH %M+GEZ%&W-ZV6QF)^A;WVA^X@^L%MK2=&;


\M1-GP%3076GU7Q-X5XS:N9Z;$;
::M[)K+!'1[WN
MK_)[\



MGBP.ISFP7L@FVIE5G?#N:V+IUOIM[ZRA[N.V2HHF!!8# C
/ [S21'05.;



#[\!UMQL?
MVO7V]C&


^MU):!J*P



M+RR$OVH:WMB/O6C3(/8J

I(*

GN2 A1O@H_?7$@BO\Z[K-D9EJ%'OQEM5VX(;K2DB6N5
++1C
SZF N'_\.8Y#5..4HUD_


^VK/VZ-U:
,!1<(130(DZR27EH\XM[ F)8S<Q9!4MB





MNU7HL4=I7@G8&*-=7O2R)E?X3^QEW@^FV)N6 0PR0!+6B7F
G
])L9A(Y)+B
MR'.F$R%2*&8S2

W+@&]'%S
%* O=BVS4Y.Z9^2E3:H


^4

@292;7A$8TMPU4B9P\*7;

64$++T
MWJA91;4NUCP:%S@J QU+^?O4[
'N_=*

G4V O'$%%A9 B

MK



M54'TPD+T-%L7TGGG(W(F8

\IRB4
M*<W &Y$QE(3(L%2JPCKE_W
:EEB5N'T6W)OX IE\N)[-4KN876\=T@NR?



M0M:%I
_/TRM47U14G^+Z3JE(&(VY*+ $KB\3



M
'-CE-3XP_-F?D7H#G
)UVO#%!=JEI^Q3



=8+G%Q1MJ:;<Z.M7/)K'2<WB
M

P5)XK9

K'A&1RUA0KSG.V8!4K5P]UYJL]G+1B_VC






]XRY0


MYF5UKQ=C!M?BCQQ5FI

M%_M9BO

CH5J0N!1A;XS.2&2UOR]GWWO1SM

M*PY
C


N+9WLME8








MR;/NSV:_K&QV#&P$)


!ZNL3#XJ
MKTC4BB:I9L=%5LOY

L)RR64-0D!7GM83DV0 [





03C#Y0AH<)3C[GW 9,1.5=W\IY,MLRG/*[)^4'VFR0P^3)(77C

(I8!.#B6B&


B(34-#*5
1:OS#K*72D^=

2!.6_M9YQ$

M.9]=P@ 
I] 7L<T')4S.=F!
M*\7M[I7+&-Z<KY.4 [2FUE PK26G6MK$DV76,$JP36-%?ZM?ML+P.:6C3@7






(C*7


M?K_1_1_1=^9VZF9@QKPUZSLY?[Y1 ZZI7SMN7OD (XLEPOQ6FP8;4$DXMG


Z]K/


OAW%YXG?/.
M2KO/]YINMON%LASTU$97
^VD)]\?9#A$P;:&5
0?W(NO/#UTN KKS8/J#.6

KGV@712(!ZF1



MW3ZNK_G36J

^#Q

O0RILSS&:.X];K7AJ'


MY&

Z
H


*D*2X])*IQ*8@@9V$54L
M*?T0D0U3Z[U5CF'U3&;?\()[OIO++U#J+&+1Q5S@T

MP

VNGX_[/WYDV-Y%C?

&V
#
MQ8Z!G)@N(%?ET='O+#H+



P)A#8+9RA'$0#

MF(WOGB6GFV%TIPECV-@]8#+GGE.&/) ]IDOFR(C
(1=R;SB67
@[*P4O

M#+EZ@@W11C
1$!48M(2
5R


M*R:

N!-,<W]G/
M])S6\'UU1/L16:(EP(1[0Q

.5(:2.0S+$

3WHI<JB_4$-*!P?[X:3L.DR5&2UMG/2
M\X-AJWT<SUSW@MBMJS3663:]--=LQ?N]F)Z.[QVTL#B/_U.G'D8_^22\767



R__Y QYO(_T6?+A9CO&O.
3I



X5!8-3YZW$
M-(E;ZF7AD0E;Q&S?SEEJBZ)K)\!S_@;?Q&4&*[+AITSN3X_;@Y37/LUAYRFQ
L03NH==K_'<<LSH7ZAM'/ A/?2=Z*V;BA.6&;
MAC_SS

':_X.LOTP$GOK\8R?ME=K*S\?D@QUZ2
M7&)$K8O1I
XAHTF.6(85V$



M24&A3D?*PB?  0-7

ML*_'L=3%(+57CT(IV@?PB=WV*&UPQ:+/P0^\GXRC/XJFA.Y$8R
*ODGQH87Q
ME5\SKT_%^LXF=F$?^



MP;R[2QL;6[QQM


M]]#/WRJ%#@3-E(ZT6(U
M41K6T4CTW&*=''MSCAU*E@D2SW54;V.8-K%68_E2,NQP)B!1UT*0TIUV&*D
M$A(?7P
HC%1;2K




M]$MBCX)%@/$BY_^_*VSE^K;EUGH?P@)O@GA.L:'EL6)%_'JL791/!?O'Z*7)
M@8+]R6+TT




UW5VNHWV]OD?K6T*=W9WSQOP'?N?]N#YENU_


M-S33&;=

MYR)D%@?'A'0)\?


M=' K:Y0R@/S%A.P*\N\*^=7NR1UIN.%[_6Z[5^V?5.[O]^3^KABH8J!J_^0Y
MB?BM#'M'D[#WZ:[)8I0[*J-:_W67^/:%/9;IM-#'GI;;Z$S7S
NK

S1V
MM_







7&715:+H.WX4T'
M


B1:
M5.CZ*.AZ..NOR#SU(!HERG. 5^XQ0S+7 @6PP!BV&2-9#LB*61TK66?J.1+1

MQ'CQ'(9


M*Z1_94ZINGO@_2;)W\V)\T]UP^8E;G5. L8!HX1))IAV@/A$,$V=8
DO
M]1P)!!7
5S!?P?QK@_FG]DM5
']?F/\\A7F

0^
MYUYEL;';*EF^.*K7!_

U4XBG:





MF/OWW.(NN.;G5+A


MIX2:(ZQ41AC#!'




]']JC9JI*]&Z5W%VVO;%W0(3B

8::6DU
R)957,J7TH%5
M#J@\OUJ<F_,%B<SN9JS_/KS-]Z
5\E-)SF_\?0-)V]\*YCB)%?WO?G)GOP3
M8@C\5
00XK[?^]



(B.ORO5]V6+O7G\]S^DZL_[






-H+. 3)1_
M$O
\H]H$E:DH\/+\.4HC/O;26U(8?5HWQ2
1\6U#V OX


8D9XQ*EP2#KJ$17*9A08F*G'\+K6Q?KY\*7I_353*I


MIE*%F#YMKG85N?!JK/3GW
:9+2M2IK_3&L=;NXG8.55Y90)$.PB'N8.F.4
PZ/Z'L*8*A Z=5MS%2@] 2@='@IOU<(8T' H$QA@6(
20
M=IPBK(+SH



MO'!&J%Q8);!#.B



MT=5):_5:SR]=#;%GF\GK#;CR3/DJ!B==?VPZ_AK?RE+-]PLV-GDH09=3ZUA2

MITHB[5

G
M#+44Y=CE8)EJAPS3'CD9M/?:J&SM'.OLN7K5/N8:W#IL&T)]_TKL56)K246
M6TOO8JT$V&,)L O7JN7*B& D6#QQ%TLYBB33&&69)#9P Z?YRIK(ZQ0OK 7
MC



.Y!0##'%V\NI[^6&3\
MT16CNXD./9=N<;.5#-MP.] %GM8?C^!:7S-Z.O&M0-<Y7LV?5J:A';O!V!;


$;SC\[^MSWZS_DNV]ZP!Z08Y=AAX2BH.
99F-5*HTP$\I:






L#IUFPY+.DH
M3)_/$:8915QJC#3C'E$M!2=8D&RDDK)*V0]'&1](%!3!62+@F27A32
LHH







M/+XX/%[X
$+(

-

3GK?;R5K(N_M1*\W'/;M'S&M
M:/UPX'UL'?1;XL7*]7TO\6
7O!(XIE





Y0I)$C(2K

M[36CVB(I10QD%@;IV


U#L58:


M+8.VU*6VR$M5*.


-[ P[-&

ND8L5P7TA
DF'?K


MYJ)8;N=BJM*R&8Z[@ *P!(&?A[!V.IW^R?!#H4M/-.HYC)E TA2 R@])
O@2
M!!WWA^UX\


M:!?C._W@58%;\3US=%VYM_6X$*F'GID!EY_1SK AW[0G1-]-ESYY1(]9JE[
M;Z*QYJM_=L



*$=/3QT'^8_+)@SZ:_VST'C/ A+G77'AYW
M]-F'=B^1/;WW8A&NXG(AEGMNY8#*\ZO%N3D]NCB9XU6*^?7G;[P9KY*;3G(F




MX%^!_R.!O\I\


MCG1P!JF



M[2^;Q^JQA
R;+@#S[ KWE=5GYX7+!:M-?#:S0J:2

0OZMN:&:0^J=BS!

C2G**8%
M9QSD#
TS$F\\F97WNP*\I;FUVAX2.AX=ZL;NURKXQT%F684\1SYI!ASB/A
M-/?$@:[K0;
M!:2


M88/K3Z?L_KG2VU),;1R8S].M8E7#)DOH9I7D'EWR#R\%*!MC
26\28=HC+



M/B
-/_7[[J3=Z13-TGHCW3LLVI8M=]7N*BI^B399Y]/OK]@LF!$Q$XY;[\6T

MN:-9

MA8FO Q.71/.ND/&9D!'/ZM^:&^V8PB@0[A$/)D/2

MYOL%^R2_/C2LO-UWI.%?@YB&7[8J]O\=MX^CZ5WY=EZAA%ERK7O:7]U=&\$
M F9SPFR59+F;9#E;T+D5Y=C%CM&





MNLRP9U6FW[K+ID*_UX%^KT*9KC#P'AA(9Q5G:_(  DH@$8P'Q=D;I*PC*(JO
M7!AB


ME;BY\\[HG

-PZ;
R6(^3I!

MBL%)UQ_'3)&K[=NE$AW_LX02]Y8$??V*[O


M5]EBL\UEE%'W6'9+!V?7.6M^&6GXBK4T#W'QM7MCG2;BW[^X]H^U?\
_DP^8







MM1J@T 7AXA0
/)T-XPEY2*'[*Y^7:T%#[P!-#P:#]I#UR[4@_CL'_
_G@(
MI(#)*3Q#?3MW(7#A[_W!]!GQHN+R^+;C
0QKF&;[;L/6







MZF%K%AZFI+N+2H\S8HW//0XV-H03AN0Y%R&S.#@FI#O8B / !!






M7K^B%3997^G%']HC&*F]S8K[VHJ6Z5_C 9A


MK='_42AX5$UVK_3%WN
TUF!B*4!DTSW9/ -$]F.)V33$[)%?XV_QU'OW(

MMST& \X
=-)13S08'
/Z9




MI



 *1Q
M?$6\VV5
2^AQP4C &-U:IP^

=MDUAXE,8.9E]]XE/D;)@JNH80UZ$W]_]J=-A
MSCS:151NFP*F&OV1KP'RUS;2 EK F/ON5\C -W5%[-N[6 <$P
FX6I_35



M-*XFRK6K]DMG
D;*#4#XT

<;UTQF$CYG&;3@[5GNC2[(:=#32<OWRAPON
84


JMZD]N*:]+(3#IRF@5P\LC

0]RE*(Q+JT_XV-H!IS^


_+JR7:.SKZ:JLI[65GI!.

% 5RSPNT105%$+=XM:(%740A6U\#JB
:HYT)S95_5WNU%=
1=+88_?70/

M\=P/(3DXD_W3[A9)_


M'J[S9U2H_$4:9AS!1$$^V]:@!L'/9ASG.X[9N?!6-6V









MG1=H&5
TB)P@*0S899H)$&@*HTQJ2866A&0N[J%)?EWR]K*LJZ5#G



MOZOUHM!*XH]!2L]J]3NN*
(T*KEUN%#YHNAV



@^J.^=LIG*8)C2\:?+*A7 BN



-L@)QV(
MHJO:K'L(A;]



M[7P^B$WT%
TXRAUVB%NP@XQ6 OX1@G@/NG0.FC-ABXW87GK7[P[K:NG@J-H2

UE
]XJR76/()?+X2UQ




F4!X40UQ9CS31.:(!ZYSG2E@C5M: )\1S1&2\Q(I;.@S[
M:8[;M*_=;




M&9NV_G\QM6U8)




CZ&-O8P/G
MSEG5__D)U.ZR_S.=HVW5_[GJ__QDW]MX_/[/;ZJ?\WTKQ7R$2R+LCG7G+?5T

M'

 G?1A




N2@9$
MIP38 




U2I O[9SP95HGB(?OGH8B(L5;2LHORN4

S8EDFG(=D^&(J%3SUY;S_:;+E/PUV=NO

M:RSB&:9(BYPAS2S-
\Z5P?G*&E=U*I[#

M912;S
1D*L

MO7#D



M-*-






6.:;6P2Q8


OV
MJVUY-^Z 1+YY 4=3^AVOXM.=]8



O\[79EANC(=K
Q;94I?66OEK21*



2S

\3*VFR=[V1J1?/FZ6?YH02LYO^QVF#ZXU') +AB
M@'?( '^




MXS]M'/W6WJ.;9.?37MQ2/]EO_O&]\6F_

Y



M::;%-'.\-Z$9)NR 2FZ;0L2NR:@Z9)(1SU0G] 0NC;FO*CA0ZG4H648-!Z09



FE6DV^@3$TXF1S(GF0!L:&U*$'WN07S(
MSOX[VKC&++3
I9N);AUJU?J8EVTJ4K0.+'
TNS03VT10CQ$3K 9P9EP7G!FU


M!8:S1RV3V-PBTN&








7G78REUYW1L8TZ

MX)($8)![VJ+#1#H$.@2Z.X%NP356!+H7 ;J9]50OC&W;$:$I.7BM+'!#TX]C
M:D:!*R3S+.9*#728


M=&A F.-+
P@\WV2

6@E7GQV;H1-(4A

MU



M\_


MN3I7*
]VP'$ ZT 1/+3RU6%F5+U\^)RHXAOPDYJ/1F4;U)U(AXQ5^W-COF

I-?/E17E2 ./[/-/ZG

D;!;!0

M_UY=]/1^D:W?


M/


S;$PSBY0E1YI9 LU

MMCH-C?+ ]&E$S#@27#J1)ZGK*)IQ.CYKWQ&02#-(
T@SFT(S3AQY-(B=P(E=
M%L9QX%(12N%:Q%
.S9AFR)AF%BD#CS3S\C0SD^L;!J%#A


MZMB

#G.CR RD1TSN
MV19SA1M:E@V6'^NX2XEB(_@A^+5AZ%H:?$7P6QS\9H*K$EQ;22/+I%ZLW-Z8
MF[[O2A.&D?F



Q;R94ZDE7$D9M
^ ^-QE5I;
#%IF4V98E
M C_DH0V81SH$
0\Q#S%OM:%2Q+RG8][4SB




M^

M$YDP;-0




MID[  VI2X1&3V2H*0)FE\8X$G%E





M
JA%+:/J26


4/ $#


%02#TT8/!*41EY?.WF.!V*JA[ZTE###T_XRHM$



G4RWI7(&-2[C-Z/

M^5A6'?R)P!H6S+69H[B-=-V;.6[_8_ L O82$B0]%PP4?)R#)PS7%;A\/'QW
M\MG(BT?J1P2F./

Y!E
M/

M2=4S=H50MA%7'\ 


MS^3-X



M&4F%40[#?E)5\
=PXH]=Z4I2*F


MLJ



M !1

B1J[4(YZH
M1S%6#PV6


MR=BG



MZ_*$=N^ @!

M_'YKI/Q9X
: AQCN9@6K4(6M]78MXNIJC__PLZ]70F3&&KU35
M[/'BZR2RU<VQ!T5FQG7TEM;Q!\[\=H25YG=%H5,[A?PRF+D.8](*7'<WM?M
M[@3!-3BK_!! ]O(*7)\5*H:G)W'9:9(S:Q_#.)S$\=&%:+F9U$XT0R!Z*A %
M#X]8/7U)XN7T82XLL:[QJ0#9)0

\9Q)J&V;&.U!H'68









M54Z.+



M[X#





M_NE3R_&W(\HH]54(E%C- N!'J4JFW^T36I

MN7SQ#5#)$PD33
YR7


ML)IJ'U:HZ/FJ$1EPJ6OL2U#!(UD5^2 ?IGESTDTY%+WZ:&6CJ=BO \SZ[G?&
M;YDB_OID9Q@^509;_ZM.NAZ-:Q5@6A*R^DI8'5=.D=61U9'5GYG5G9K5S_@W

Y]NDCMR
G+R2CC904Y&3D9.1DY^

M


[VG

?DR@(R\3



M)]D8/-VZ[UI^XWN:;VCA\V&5CV^IA:\_?,)J8:Z90/2KDS_N7&^.J_$YC%


.

Q;R8Y.8NI#7Z&^OE\C8./@FQ5O*Y_$


MPLSR[%O)4YF
-Y@




MAD4YY







*S(2]&AJWU
C*'













M&H''#=^(5
#0O9SKUSK?)*&D:
MVEI/LE1;-/AG297BP&_@K-X'IG^
^SFQ8YX[CO

GMT-37!?OMD+Z^BM0;XE



J.ALD+A/Q17T4SYT<V4'[#^
M%+;L!VW9[76CQRV\LW#XNI1IW@[S: 3_]*I^^O;_ 5!+ P04     H@%I0
MZH42C#46  ! !@$ $0   '1W;FLM
C Q.3$R


K_^-$!2I$02O$B*




MJ5_TS[6!V?W[[%(WU

M


@^Y!H[*N\1U
XW]U8A8?
MWYAY<EJ^ C[KS!!:5J]$DCH2/A)]<HDM%<=# :G;QSW&JD$1?E._S7CMJK
M)C9/I<O+AK\Z$=TNZAK;[4Z1'1;UB%[I):I2I+R6T#(ZS+@=5'/MJM+O7K4
MK81@Q;#Q

?.81

M\-3V*C5^05P





:&Z32]



M#_E#+5URU\K!;1%0BQ%;9@C8:&H[

1G$ =0*X[$Z-8

M-%9'Y
H-/_GG(Y]2V2I&-29-G49 $XAK *SAVD-VJU;0/Q#'N2&4APQYD=LV







PD\R8
J2






M4BBH[\T)-X001Q/'7TQ]]F4H;UU9ZH

M8I2[4[#M6)]A8^.M
(G8_BNP:CX?EL3RP&SA9X8MW[FS+4G*;3GJ1AQPR'&
M(\3F)?,IRC,XL*TN3.&KG_S77L-]1WY'ANZYK_(E T-;V+UNNJYB.Z7X$EQ

5F(G4@OH EN*OBKLP'97N1?W$2C0U)[I:JEL^E^#


L5!/W+NX/1&'H+^8S;U T$--;KZ)K:K-#Y=I_Q-:#T.D:NN!

82]'Y(6;;/[9\\-MP9
#0G) $;&
F
9J
AT<4AH!4#,2@EY
M*0&S(RP\78TO&\VQ9T,]=X/1.DLY8'Q@EP=,^66-]]]:NJMQBQPI,)\&UM
M\'+8R8'3NEU=!ES,5&6$K




5ZVK:=OA&@@YHKK9
M^6/

M?L+B/=+]:4:^++E:]'6Q'%A?+2+!2BSYJ!*Y

0C^/DQ6+#U\PZ8\LFH2-7;GQ;(I






'.PSF-Y5 #N6&)12A
R_




2VTZ%L(=%.2TEH)^- PJ(_-\+F<:EANTDK#6K# Z;/$(0<E





JF7
^YPSN$8.N*6[ND_U-TB
M!_R.V.T#NZ\(PAN;OQ(:]+NWL_%7Q%F.YYFNI38P





MI$CA_Y



\@&BZ?V,YW@WD/A/'P^_GKZQ2[1<VJY%^?!WZY+@KI__B ^8


#$Y
3(S
M



MOGH7/\*E)\/Q=.;'L4PP'?YMNOCPU23ZV4+F#]+U9.LWRD]D_352/B*
$\'^




.GWR:/
M?A3GHP6OK_#GU9^728ZD [[
S2;QSX^3



M+USFO 4R'B9M'Y#P[Q







MTD!5#V@X*]G%PN+SR7B&;C^
8S%31CN.6@M$2H








^ )^16V!8J
MWDA-_WR4D_1]NL0K1BDS/_XP+$FF)3TP^_E+'





8&7





WN\GJ4Z!Q&C;N-4NH
MIXYZ#55@X:RN:0A:\D41@4ZIW



M!XJOB/]+I5

(F 1I




H-]G(5%ICE'.


M$G!

DP77YABR

M

MDR.6_4GLT^70[Q^CIV*@-48WV7D:F






WM\LYZB%;8[&BY7HK4Y)A(R($1Z;24







'5NI

?//
J&PBBE??8PUN%C5RX\+@(?*OV(GT
MJH,X7$@$_WL$W&/T\WFNP/NJ= T


Y



D/Y@!JFZUAKBJ1PFC/&/L^<
M&H6NF&*J4!DSDB<UY0XGB&QI2')M4M.ZG:T&/7='2'D''ZJDA=##:N_+#

4Z+1AJK0@G/(\JIO(T+6I:W6 +Q44D4@2'E#*,!\^#J7W(W0ML
MCWTOHSW8JFOV#!OB&_]U$6B.$W[2S2&MWWY:W ?4(@IC'$:94)Z*P\5B2]UM
MH!RBU1X#BR9.^W'D[H7'RV#W5ZQ=3)-=PD=CM?OX+SO?(*+T6CRV8\C7#\]


7)8!I
K
QT;/CGTCXO1DU6JLM_[SKWZ&
M?J$?+9Y%G5]=C8:KJGH





SQ61503/?GX6B$?_MR///C#\-R
MY+0XZ&RNCCWF/K-R#I7&656UWEOSI'L'H_QR/)UWY4QG5:C57E_[$G!FI1TE



MU]'!
CFKSGY&^4^^PGH7*S7][36U:](SZV=O_L]['I$FJS.2W^#SMU^_0U\Q

MG+].^JQ[SEV
;Q9?X^_FEY!*)EQH)H$:3R D2B1CAG@%DF@0PJH(@5%Y6RUU


MJRR;U$FT9:M/)^0_ZKHX$4R]7#;6YTGRY5G1A$3)2WW\X!8*S.QPO/2Z\X
M-JT%SL)=G^H
?M3E4@=:O5PU+]&'SL






:DJ1 7O2.&<09I\?O?T=V?MA/L7K
U%O;A
M'#=5P'5I!FZ+J[X.^



MILIJ%U$G/_T3X_RRZ ?2/H^C;3^3I-(C

9J2EJ!:


E0SL;0
-':T(SA&-KN&JR:?O6EN+Z/C




N;].7_JT^()P5RD0X
M153

Y@O&IKJ1I\;C7I7%[39PU#()CHCHD$
MMUP6 LE



JNFE_8$T@OC;ZTK7W3^/R:]L
M&:E:?F4?2BLEG39/=7PV;N=XC074
<(:IV=[CMQ8=&<Y
]L\]769;X7S

M



*J\
MDJE#]DBU]\0KEH@0CF6I@L??M3;/QQ!^JN!^&8Z+]A837I\/#'AP/L5H4'/:
M$:FM(9ZE\G1D%EJI:)V%M+82$U?C7ASG-U=F:?KJLEZ&ZC(C
5]APC\+R)-
MR
3;DOZEFH'C
2;6)&_W;5YW-L^CPJ2HS53#1M;^!TP+UCD2A*K2^,N7S:E
M2#-Q5!(
U-






!9^MH+273$BRE(<;LZS'6/UE-<8W45*5R1
4?WN RBPW5:_O
MRLO-TROHWGWT'1S%_-TQZO&_D[I&(CC^G'[+2
W$T?#\_NY4IZR-+4
U$TO+
M(^D_%EXVI(M/T/D/\-O\
D#W.K\8CN:E@V*9?OIZ/IN6AYN1I@%5(B?+)+&4
MEYMO

@:2^5I9;(D#616:%0


?+3KSKNHJ+PK)'Q9_-QUX:F)P5A+&8BKU


]@#'EX2L[RN(E:2/-8
M/BN%$ZL$^9:9!PEW
&%




 &0C.4@EO 6
$7BB#3!-HSD*U\[H;F=1NWFCO%



F6CE-I%;ETI!'O0#/


S[0E
MBKLHI*<JI9!?07:^[3Q-L+E77-Y;HU7VZ#W(7SS'@#3@7< J7CC'J1'E\)P


Y_$D


ME!&60Y
JD
WD')@Z;!O]5H#%MF.5$Y30[FS[)I

2@5TD2-&[;'+DLGIUV

(.3&V:S2E^-/L(SSA^-W\S =IJ'OO_&9L:$P$5JHB$2]8Y^2M!$


/'K;BCH1ZJKXS;-+[I)NC'SKZ^&?EQ:=52[K%?

Q
%T%;ORAQ$9Q\M;#5PG4-WC0%V_5SZ




MQK1[WCXZ8JVVJ8H::+AI+=Q#1KD


F*J\9#FS4F7F@







MAI1/)WE9(=!FI]HRR3FVJ'WXJY2H_'WLYS@%I/\U]QU..OJZRI+ZT0L_\\?(

M   ( *B 6E!9)=IHDI(  %(
!@ 5    ='=N:RTR
#$Y
3(S

M[+UI=UM)CB;\O7]%3O;7067L2YVNGB-O]?J
T_:QG573\X4G%H3%3HKTD)1M

M7W_!81KE_O#CWW[]X\



M[?BO4N0L


__UJ_Q##!7XBYX63V[=]^/9U./_WUM]^^?/GREZ]Q//C+



A8POE@VB'%UY_=*;VCL]#O4L#7'MT!
MM;



?%$
I)$R
FYLB&HETC.42YC$&=27+_FM2ODW'$PG
MBY_
Y Z

R


AIG'/_M5]8%CB?#X7D8O

M^+$_F9*J35^'
^QI[7)0AHZ
0MPIXP3M)W1DJ




MLT8RHQFPZ(


ID77=VW&H:'A3DN\AW


FI[JP

5@0.JD
R:/


5D<EZ#+YD%3)F(LJ(&V;% U%[17A)9<BQ;K6UG5O$-1-QWR+N3\ KL
M.XAO_6

5N 27T8.)(F;N
MM8F^.ZA7T_ P$.] OBN [R#(]7(XQ7%(T_YG?!:FX9+.'K&$9-\[HL00MT4$
M<-PHR(59&X)UEG<'_&H:'@;P'<AW17))!T&NV=;S-$SQXVA\T9.2RQR!-IK
M8LU70_#*


M?NP493LA$G


HOP:E*!ATP$R6BYJ'3)J13*$D%,C$Z
MR1ZYX?7W'=\NI+HZ9W9S_2-\=FE.%+$MNB@.)28
21!JYC F$RR$6S@OC




MM\-..PN*_AG&M2+]DAAC8Q*6&6!293*1?*RI\@*T)6
V96_(1VT!]0]4W'N4

2C?A&5C.(R@6D'2-'%$16 P8M71EQ95XAS[5-U)VW4U.
M)A/X36/B9IVD.#AI8'!^YK0'

:]O1.6LLZV=A!

M(%J)]B[R;6$FA

(GT





)

M9[7!.& LU 9OB. 

$IG5T^3VU5A-J'RH#JT$[S+6M



6E]
MYNK.O(6-WWKOE:*MG!N$%1;W'



M
%/5


9J=^B9#G/Q!H&
*9W$#/ ]6&+J3?X235

M
8!3-0


M]U-_VF







B.;A?!)

ZC;]P[*'KCC5@$SGO)W0=4$5E?*(S<9:A%64-KC*0T@15..<L




MZO&M4;F3I25XA



MY:D M)

G9R5J


M]^/YM





E:NTX
M6;]RGSOF+:0^;!5L#%VS=E$WF;PK*:X5J-%G#MY)!5++?R(G)!;A7Z(-4^

M

LF(TI?9AJ
MMA_@5JC:CL.SOI

M9D!2=-9&XY4M:VU:'1'T

%%'02/JF$7GG62W'8N



M@: ;%#[


2


G$XS(]LTD#WVWG =



M2

U)G1*H$RDA9:2 ANY-
Y)*9G9$8#WYV=G87PQ*N_['X=]
MTJ PG%YI;D'


8FX(CD
T4OR


RI/S27](CWI6H]J#AKC=^M;]HKF^ )9;T=:1
M471B%26+BCQ'3P@[+H(RVG.7R
='GJL?(&*INR69GH&% 

MGTR^9]HV!_CF5^X7W3597[8




M.GFB


KS

W#1




%TNGI;


TB+'GI% ^B[

#*7!_F[A?TW1;D#@@L8[B#^%HLU44-
M@652!%)+7V=**L7H-


M0L+7*X1PR2.3P4 PII;L)PM!Q )%:\18XC+,;P=$+SZYGN(X-:VV
US'JI
?(8 Z9UTY;@6QH(PTX5!)$QJ@UF;I,B+UDT=4@\Y?^@,R^_'(X)3VO\WI.
M)A/< [)KO'N_.&\JC.7<21NQE.!\I-V9D\F,WEGCE1'&Q*1MSWJ,R3(/T7A
MO9AJ!=6DT.D$0DM#W+'U+H%Z^^Y2O(9'R2)D$2-:-:BPA!D8.5).TR6*)3


MKEE;5L=TD5F+QH++]


-' =P;E7F1$F63BM(-:'Q(YWLK


8[!WD



X9#P+XS\G)\
\^Z;2]JV$-W@CLB7B
M!
F!B!/@HO=@E(U&)LF





MD*[!\G*W8

MT9JLDU4[YDK_0/6[_N3/5]^29(IEM(_K+Z4.D2!-IZ*\!C

$0+1LL






M7/]


M@HHNUUE&%H+VP06ILG1R+_DYSPG*T04N\@%KR^OVH-_VTOUO3;[RQD[IDAI
MLN3%26\\5$6DTQTUJC N.D5YX50J6[A)I%7QARX0MNZC9Y9PZQ.N)^4R)
\
MNAQ-_QJ_?/\UV23#'

:&3H8XJR^T@ =\Y;[X(7FNTZ/_H'ZMV-BZ)R<S.^#5X<?

M;\AU#_71LY3:=_V/I]

MGY-;J=J_V;1?_5KV;[J#J&N#^5;*3LY&XVG_7[
XS_.OG\A-Q)[&'(WA&60@
MTU!%LO.]X02_GC6(X0JU6

M)X=+ 10/CDX..D

/WB<LZX6S!


M



9\PDQ

?6XIRT7:^ZL1.)G7V32H.UJ#M$ U]
MCE-_5PRJ[Q38!HFE[XBH\7DBLD@6LV&#/5X4MRI)VH#JH
@0-01?+'BLJ9
E




4B


M3L

MC(0Q9G*H%F52M;IZ
CD_J_.L/M/G1^.+'A
Y
Q%(2

)5C

?W!_)
S^ZE7!-E;=&P S]:#



M(S=[*N1L?-$$0:RI-3:DSY!*0:=)X=,AB:!B#WR^%/]FVM&@VZJW;*ZX*W6
MK1?TV9-AEJ4Q3



2;2K
1)FWE0G+2$RF4$'C4);QYQNE$MU)+IW9X;5
==I)+4G/9+/Q(J/BDF3R1YM




=L%

V






%4$Z+GF]#4XEVN(RL[+I


?[















P


M


B]XK9P%*[I
MODE$/!K-VRM:#48;/#_[-!A=X





N@&C0;;

7%09D&G.HV)MTCDVH''_AO
.

=3#K2.FN30;D3E
'H<

8(&[M;HFTD.O

=Q!?
MB[5\28X





M[07QG8UA?CL(PROC*-;AJ66XK@53AXGZ[: KFV9*[@OH_468=N--6ANSRN0C



5U$D


MM
[A.'B+G??G9V=A?#$JTU

?TK?_'%93D%6_*3S/COKO[)MLYTM65_J





$H;M
SF_!8\_U]1!UM1NNG:(M)BM6?W'#))O?-)1S(4+#*(IL\E]#)R*



M55/62!#%UF2CD

Q6^Q]&\-78T81A:$\%H

M4HH;-

M+!6E?:;OL4TFU2-L);W3%GP0Q(^EE?2W
IBYF5

.(FZ



O8]1B!B2
M4V4[U%TVML$^(TZ[6VVL$;CRRQ
F\$]SJ



@WL+D3;.15S
Y74[E

!#MG?9

M6X@V29*T
.!
MH!8C
D&Z[7TS]RU(]#J@R!^++EK/T;PF;&*Y6* J3I'1&=)


MZ/NBQ 8Q&F^P%M
1;XR3#TF^(S!M3+53C
N'J8T^&N7=Z.KXZ'1W$WS;7QTO
MTLQL*IH(J\6.CJ04 GAGZYBH$'


7R6(/4#8RU[73H=AKW

\-





MTJ9H.HV:3]^:$G5FRCK4G5FP!R7_)1U^'I9U+UYDG5&^G*/A)3MP'ZOBAQ
YN@F^+#KIGGP:C
M\39'<:\(/'R-DEQH3W3$Y@[<=!]G%444)$;;QBUF3?1/%NI.@(?:#F@]W



XG2_
A)(4


+6]P
MAAM%_^N
25I$D4+


M^KCE:2VEO(K@)5G';$0HB(*[H*23I+_69

;4G]N72)O/

K<F-'$D7

R
8

S8'1!Y)F\;5NB7RWVL+&QYL
2Z-CB$:$T*9(2D@*:$95T16C84^T S\\(42 Y3C@P*[P/^/3L^Y$GM9)L
MAZQ[UHA9@-1[&KN?' .@Q;*!NX<?2RS3&:XDM&Q$&JO%!DDBT(Y)H4//$5A
M!1];OD/*?XX\JI6$.Y7G9.]2BJE8D[00/'H/
5M;1X
6E&YFD@#N#$DW(9TQ
M+B$+)9/]04=/4

*PF15A

#+KQ.R4J1NY48

MO6R*


.
MM+-D^H7L!=-%:-J: IU'PF8NB@=B4)/8_D$XTQ_


M2E.

?.
MMQ[*0R552YD*

MTT9EO@&]


D:TJ]:KZ]G;.O-I

I$G
M'B4(%NG\
@EXJJTD?A0M'CG?&RBQA]1&5MYO)*F/-Q]WKK2QM6C9UOXY=19H



P&L.+)H\RN2:QO*=2NMY*W0/$WK



G^K]MD3(Z]98*







Y#*
T'N/UB-

O)
MDV$QD)E;@@HD89VDF'J@P=.+XHW+D@']F_IHZPGTTND]]_]FUKI?V!3G5.4
M]P0X)^G EUEZ%D2F3]$#G0N%V $FE8P!E.QTX?_'Y-J(_9NFI%H?G4W=OTG(
MY) #0Z

O??;IW]1#&4?##)/6Y[V\N;Y9

W*FP15;RR_3

TPX2

MD@EMC

MJT


S&25!49R=]JTV+FLU&HOE@Q(




68UBRH7[[5G

M -V3;T&+
027K4I:.@R;&0_T3V6M0

70Z)+ ?+




BX2IYL$A)_D %94MZA%70@2/48

MS0##2$!ON7B=]Y7DV.U=.Y/Q;=VW%T1(SY5S65B6DBIU[P7F771UVI1)DB=/


MQ


M




=A34!E
M8TY




O
A)Y$%

M2LV25AF] P]!#JSIJZ!?+=;D\M=MYUL 0R;!DZ5O 3G0!Y&=94%XVCJBSE8:


MX$WB&-O
M-I'


ZVPH3V8$0





M4@RY00)N$.&]BV?7F+0#HI8&W'U(YS'=AJGJ ;T/D'/C3WXWNL\&C\IFIFQ-



L1I36V]74?3(FA

MX

/';


M:)F


I0\7=(.HT@OX-+^&JPVH-_%J
M_OYVU
0LD2/MM069)0UNFD8I&)9*63J25G0*--_T?P7 8#QA#VB-T##^U&

B&'F_8MYRR+GKRW.MPR




@NDQ9A241Z:& !/

17:XQ3SP=8[!1:8ESRRD(3(X#+/J=O8

Z%0E+


0L.S(*-+=
Q5+[ZV1!-EQ!YHSU41=1O&Q58BB%
M3.2!%(9&::8U5PR2C0S 1D&V8W)Z@@*JUV.5&-X-SW]3V5O\M&WW^J;\OIHO
MTOP37+U:_(/T].XOO/J
ORT7UQ]H.R:WJXZB8IQ67K?CQ()5DEE92(&&9[4_

%Z*VD5+WYX0WO'

G\\(8S3W@#
M!\\Y/!%R5;@_*[UZJZIQ:\5.J.NE\!DX1;+QR'@=!ZNEH:\BVL0$8



)/V'ZNEW(?3X/U$?*4


M5O_C




M5*;YN?Z)9'@9.&VJ
YL




C##


88=!+

M0;LL68;:%




BNU_$_S\</R $:V-?A /&-




K;0&2O]:BQMOJ1%C!R



M':F:\[OHQQ'KH)L01Y_64
A=;CX$0 TV*ZU272MQ)]B&0CIUQGV^(L&# @

:&V-3?3ADMFM;;ULQ7G]


:?\';

MK_X%5S?XIMPY!_%Z5HCA!7T=V4IBT$IZ!DX@\\)RDR0(I1NUB7P
VB5P953Q

MO*_C#82\'6U05R%

Q;:U@6UH0(BE;9I)IY'/@_/M'.H
;[
M9!QA)OA.*CO8;Q;??RU):J&S40P-0.U$+QD(FYE
SKKH4 EL- ?\$60_/H7&
M%?Y]=HPPZ_NKE;;) _-B@I72




M]PW9V_GZSVWW;S NT=$9(IF_.FO-/
A  K JE4Q^.C:.D=P'=0EFQ6A;]X

()UWHG:XHC[FF VB864
M(S


M[QJ6^*QHR9:)E)&X#[E.IM+


70M@F1NW$I#G!HCT;9_JHI
7UM3MI9P*X/5PY.)\%



[C\$PC@H[\&* _)NT0C^*T-%.&#(/S'HAF-9*L1@A

?J(O0$AGJ6TNL'\F@[

MRVI3/5INI!






F8A78LR-KS/0O)O++DIJ+4E@?OLN_6'?_X.\[01VZP/K_K


MU-


MKC ___(KI _?_UV2CM' HV3DB-9P0N+
5WT+2_CI_ NVM*G\&8K\8NG53'T-




M;3&\QX\=/5?@;S+_C:G-:SSAMM#7\


MREE_6%[E=RNHYM0O\&4]XX!(I**#S-1[1$2\.AU1
7*_D59-OQ'+Z5_SPR__










AX6V+_&:-=F'@0W-Z=B:B<3HX+FY30TL:8$:1-

M#P'=OY

=)(F@4
&

M!J+L\
F#
A8S.&^
TTNQ??_O7OS^1?8[/<4%RN1ZP(9SVH@:*.769^U^#

MLZJO
T*__E[MWO


(!5.
MWY9CV:O Z \E@V#)#]!%&95RX'K$#^Y9SO/;L=ZO%F6Y^CCB%_;@HQLHI_M2


+*YGLC@?Z.MCADSRZN<X
M1I]N8@8CTI84+)GY+9CQ *;+H\98FB0;OCG8D7VTOM%O4!.
+=6[_K=![C^

ZV?I^DTA);N-\4%&T34^2ZE^$22T%YL9



MP(4M!2 HM&U



W'R&3D5F!&9XP:



KA:\E*RKI

F8B:BS4;8P%Q4=(QA
MO0:#
3






M
KZX^P
M\I*T!E<!%82U

V3





)OT1

GZ4^ F
D2




864%.FZJQY#RG'&HHQ*ED!#=9=OKJN[WO M3?2KH-
M:A#NH[R#3LR



Z?W]M.+,D;_2*/).;]7_LILN*$$+TW#956*:


I@%J

M]7WWYFE+[TZ6_7(
P3V)1/IF6M-M?=FR;
LV%J22Y%FH)NRFQUW0


Z!TH



(E&*X


MM7A?1WS6J



4&0V%I;HKY^I.(PBBPJ
7^/.6C;0._

TIH8AJNH8.0<O,N$(M2Y&^-SDI'\(U6SY\##MSF^
MY\O5:OE7G:P*G^A/KK]46@KXJ8;5ZV&!<F\49[52F89Z4-SL4FK[3X@S[#]
MC
*^6


6$
M)MURCR*:+ PYZ7;07]A/)?3X_3HV_IX.CCP[H9G(
=8
VUA*@GF=/#!)-%

\
M.6R*.T



M[%&M9-N)L
$@2=DI$$H7F\%K%9*/&:RO



B@V\2DCP$Z^S-TSAP?PCM
M/)N4$7]#=<_EE6L<+4=CEO[+Q6N%

N:4C.XE2I!0J-&G@=PS0

M


]C)PF#VDU&0VPR$P4R6JFA!@L'2?2GKJV) Z5-K:X@SCOM#FEJ1C


M?/WG;0

)KDF_JENQ#:

$Q5#^A]@)P;
M[/P'D$4=4


11G6[7*

#0P:PD2&'3!+PH4L#BA^D
M1_A8Y_WI
AQQ4L]^4]XN




N.<<9.?US
M.@_ZYZZ^H3Z(CHX.!*=]0*=X$%P/[O8

M?N9WP?39




MJZIK:NOJ6]O:.SJ[NGMZAT=&Q\8G_DQ.X0D+BTO+*W]7UT@[NWO[Y /@\.C?






M
_(RI@0JR7(Y^_7_JVN@HW&\RG%O(
P(HP7C($.Q(81

&-MU^_QHDG\
M0^\/BMY+!S;TT]_HN=($K'RGS

M[\TZZ

E


Y(

MK?3*IQ$3%WQ'KO-\P%P@&5#X^LBFQ*816W04;U#2@M8#XV$
1BW^C_*+Y)4\




3W
.R[D4SH%*U5;_LK-L170-/$33
M3BB@'DJ8Z!C@G/H#MS4=1K#GS
H4<!Q_?%JRV&PPT9$W<P8Y
A$U#W9CF$PC!5%2%-4@M]U3WE

U


_?JC-&DB!3$52F]&
+5(M^%1
EA.31A66A



EW+JZV-[SR7HLQ0J&F)$[/_&#4E(\/3+1O$:
M!\I]]?;(UU69RPF1GK:9;LW]EF5UT8S[O.'5&Z  E6//8RE:[6Z$





\+2QQ/!%
M=G1H&#T=[\

M*9PHL@?@K?UR%7J6*JJGC/(WW/NTA2:Y!7 !$QC =GX@E
+N?F$((85O$N59


@#KSV

6ES


7!)?#\:EGN2'Q7





QPPX(A8Q3S8M+5^/)Z=;;B_(MO_NKF6RUX4[C2J2QN!!@3
M_




./LUY0
MZ46N+$179XMK!JOA''30E8$+GU$W*&RCGGD75Q\







KX^3\=O#_%%WR*_L

M



2!2X(!E##;Y*?81MDP*




M2LS+(Q&H2=64J#78\@G/P_.Y'RZ -
0G!I8:&4._1I*G!LI#3D$/R'+*1Y8^



GXD4A2WAN

5PM4R


MS';.9]&SW8=E$ZX#-Y6 :5(^F0ITD*@#5
X!$81=(GXB?-\HM7I$5M;RV;&9




MDTK@2!0
?4A(CTE5#JQ[2MT..M'*0
AD/2$*


M)G



M
4HCC
OHR6TJR_87(+^#*E(#=
SWR^T


M(8]0362D2NL 9M

+G_?

\7EIX[;%
MRV*#%^PA?! *%^O0;1R,BD_%'G=C7IM7YU4\)3Q:C(SVGO=KF:M5^SE3

M0^%?8^.*X*&M]25%RW?



WHG2DM7[/6?Q5T0 U2)RIHO/HKH0'W@H&@ ;]AS


M




MT%;N(



6105]?60ZM09
M*-%N.Q)5I8J1J.*3J^),A#GLEN'A60UHH\ZBVUC2J39VWP6^MZ?/S]LBXT!
MR-[O(=5\F^RBJ=Z2N0O;'QRNUBE\%HY+RJKMY&3B/S)\CX;ZT#+DL\XXAT4



M5T;7'05:'$^\W3@D_EE?U7;LY\Q8&RRTP9['. $8+L&.(#0F&O)H']+A)\


3)7QOW6_!3!9S
Y_DZ9#B$6@28/JA8!&H([CK_2:Y]S6-

M'G^Z=W#?'1W?^2Z_

;[$;U<IXRK'SJ34B/L*$?
;

3W&(





MJ1U

Y=L=A
;D/2_6U.HW5%J#XWUY]8D](^K;
$=4RV/'
M.-A)$_(
4




P^+_
M\MTW!+=#PGHD4[^[_:;14S]@T;/\TOZSFB?=ZQ..MP:%72E\)'+ZO#S7*:A#
























K#9%DGXTN_[0@NB7MHL)49_34
Z)M%&.I?$6FUUB\H7HC



M%.[$5A_W:R5S\?

MHJ!$2Q1[)BOY+RC9+S1N\P*/Y8
_S#:]AOW:.)316D'HTEO?)[@T?'0
[M

7@65'2 VHTG@-E&-H5?


M4YE/T





M*SRDV(@M1


O3+Q6CV.?7H9V6LB*=
M4;F V/U)E

M3U@K[7Y1*W_Q=4



O21OI@WWN
M!!A_[L!7.E33@KHOA7U(V_(G:!GY2U_'G^S6:HDTS&47B&M^^/H)YL3UHM


MOFWC+S5D/(/S[\D]$0DU9/V2**+XT






%







M: IMGP
43QK#1IX+]Q1Z7#@%L0U+:9E2=N+BS


M42=A7



M?Z^L=?%;$





E9$^6^)CC*\P


M1*.3[[;&%C-3X^GBTJ&9&^_4[8)WQQL;R+\ F0)4BP;6==;WH;W@@AT@3])T

%U/9XZ-P'9.%3_*HTLC!+/#$*YD!%HH

79BB\0XTBWRBW(C8=V$GZ

RS[!B_;6)/#%=5_U@8A$_$[&RF0?!#6O3






Z7/9VZ_[5I&Q
M\+I.7N'




T\#
Z&JICN0!T';N
;
)O


1R8EU-WP@.M-'(@IUKL]C(?M&58N.-E)OC9+_]8L


MA #C_
70T9_0V_PB)OVY1]U+!1:%%:&B?I2CZ107V1BX

^'&TQ]VPZ1,$V364(]6 5/'<S/P$2I8'NXY;JQITW7(R?/@.?

M


M@9ZP1-#OT2]+?]


M^U/GY




7)D_XS




'

DB@;)&1R%JGWFAD88L7



MFGYNFXD3.G=8.SA//Q=?CNS(J'_C)'81TZNZFOMDZN;89M_70?)G'T&1CR
MCD?R7U;

MQ)8%Y(;VG_/*^$_EEM#Z?)M! I*@



!(FEYE9FPNXYN'?% S92V+7R$^^7Q4



MHL O) TK?I]E


3DQ
C





+/2
3(S_683LYO4[MV[?NWW['B
U


2DY)34M*_I&7GY!85%

(O_



V?S/]9WR%4RCV


#$
JP7]:MYLCY


^NBLDYDHJU32VTU3C?_W8K7#M;]RHL]\

^%
MQX[3BK/W?2UZ=_BY0U-/D([KPW+)D*/5R]^;_JG/6S7#D4'A8*(R]_/WB^I

M9M09)N9AD][8WM([?


*F[

MBI9!6

;B[FDZII9IR&]4VW .76GD]AM#;C0OQ3%+ 7
M0T8


C=:+SJ*_PR]<F2*_%1
M!W

M.!(

;6*]?N.Y4D1IAXW(R5GC_Z UM=?=7(F#$



HKR)



@Q\RX'S/V
MU?5TY@OLVA$IT9JM#MS<@GK_!D%/]CNV+\;_/N!Q9?EVJ;NII-C1U0]^=Y
MU.3F? [PPDR


.HI&)/J%U5/XB?9?QNY

F=
MD- C'
SO:PP)5%#%&O8?!QTR[=X*0:*O ''J)!6L[6Z4DD:9W!7 :7_LM R7

M[^$2'4E\YI:ZB^^^7%I




ZYLHKY7V=;OT<)<
4_-&7?O\8W&5H)-R'O


M3J1WE?A=W.O(U
MX !1'T*)BHE\=R\9[#GS#$TD@
.R_




3?:E=_&R1T(M




MWE&O@\^-69TSN/^\_V(7\=1#;K/E)4E@UU/X'\=!E]]D2?L/P/=JD6&#I48

#W/T


KE2O69F2T


K(H.F%KTIU 8\8SUJ'-APW
MA#=OY.]EF_NW6#AMSZ/[ID!O5\F:WO?D'%YE-1OUF\S4

M8
8UW







I+ZEZP.2EDB#



X!O4%S*,D\CZ03X(DK0Q+4\\.#\Z$$W U+E'YOS



K0
)%3#'QU52]B('BW0IO
J4P;B]!
MC;_]+9T-:N

3@YWG#*?IMJ;
@G.
.\3X

MSKJ9-%0;R




FW(

^BFDCO;^7[8[LGT9E+[?&
A
MO$=2].6D?FBM?AQNB7 %Z

M@XW


2J]JUXWOJC?
GBVP)P%04)EKXW
M^T)$WS'5





%





S 


[.6!QYSEC)G4YNNK?5P7CV;W3[GN#'LN3G.I(^UJ-ZM)9%PX@R+K\C]

W7ZB3H.'*M 6^J%1I\&B9N.M@:\XG/
3\Q

M-T9*#_^RGEU'U'Q1HELS6L/=+5+Q(6W;W1'8(;T]TU&9URSGDR'G\O:43N
@


MN-RB(

M+2+)PC!SZ&&TOI4C%+^-!^;W?#HRF=[:2#KRF#HT(_'WDIC'88%8!1P41.D7


IA'2M/=-_$+
D$2.H(G\3YW!HNN
M$KZ)NPG6/.0WW5@.H%N(N\'S;,SA2LR8^2KR4.81LEV@.5F6$7?8PI1X8VM
Y9$6XO)
MWK7X[=NT7S[/#;''!M[?S_'?\0]AV^Z@Y=HC)WRFP+G[N4\-HKEW;LKHK4W

9ACN^
A-L-B
MV_@



MIDS.8O



=7_








S;:


M]AQ/'8I@=6@Y&(LU#7\Y\1T8

TLPDIEV%
MI#UX_X

GV68D@[GZ=!CD@

P679E


MAJ$A?R0DK*%CGCIU
KZV&$B\[32;-J^-4Z&469
^-3-QDHL:S9L9T?*I2SF7




M%







_JVA47]3(L0OD49R.QH]

0;9O

O8

29;?(TY@H(*'9
D5P'Y3

M2F47NW($K'64X$4(XML*#7&W4/WI?)7EHSE0\UIK+JMAN(5-;L#I#%[A.AW?







M8K
J@-V
PSY7%C]HEX)1?[YU'D2Y)L.1Z;F G.5H[PV=(&=7;)*&*PK:9T6)
M=!59GXQM:(E/]SJZ\65A@
JVQ.4G^IBO6HD=/48#G82!
2
YA?EJ52-K\E6K
MI*ET=A6:61(5?WO@(NB;,!VIN!CQGTDON(R
]@_]7
/=NAN5Y7=%_V02'O
M85UE!;CEU!S(MPPCQ_:G0]?88]IIM/U.;H
[CWG^[2_.)\O]M3/Z+0GR.$/
MCGO-'GR6JH\FF/V0Q85JOG[RB2IQ /0$)WWR#HZUT9GID,;G]@1+8F4CR;J
M:6F?V8ALIIJ*).3YOOG4*BYVG)!U!*C
]L7!

3&E?3]R=].U
:=?+

M^.^HTIM[*OS^!G\
/(L8U'B-;=-;'/

MSPK)]K=GI/'L^FF\)L.U&K\:;Y@#R9;K'%C9H%^S'KHW?Y



ME5K+6]Y)\R\:V#&ZM;'PLF3R^QXW





HG ZGD(N:<:^03\K;VNTEA_4PME_OM2 N88.^S.X,<W(S#X
M7$<FTW5*.]B^#:9U65J_FTL_O!H289R*F?LC$/7.9+SM#TNO5J_ L]V,%9 #
M.98\.IC#3]$4JU;8U_##IB5^=Y_NT[O'G^.JY;I8^H5L6+=V;ZJS6WI(FG&

MZOIU!;!= 4]
=%L[=

[.ZO\:X
-Y.*4

\P &A0IK5@I^\]451V+R^AP9FK+,VA\YD?RD.V,
MV4(G/U.CV#*!:0,/<(#4;@!9ZF8S\8HA'[\O
?)K]0<*H4!ETLRJX+Z.H)LA5'!LRRFV48UK9VV$#


M/F71+8-
6SK)QA:2E@1)K'$%MPCQ0?UC[2JO12B7T4][=5I1V%I']S)D




MEQUU4^JJ+DN_MGM
MS2^O]])??RE



!W!
C1RQV)DH/K$
_K6\P/6DL
]/0



MD!YH3E0EUIAPBD[:3I$XAZF;A@7%^]UC8[=V%&;3!A9=?^.QI?T%#QI?YFTU

M78F_T.F0F[QC6E0D0WUPOD;_XT7VP%&1:*&W=]'\
Y'?/WK80A-JZ9FYJ_?-

METD
/M*L



MJ#LVLFR%
%3M97-N@
-2
58B9[\Z;!-NUMMR;[X*_. W\KJQ
='?0(H]^X\
M9T$&[

M


M









\?1F


7)?GRH.

:X;O([Y(]&CE&61HTC+NNE<\H:3C2&K4[E!E
&
M@C-K)


M.42Y [E:UKB:3)]&^YEI+?8U(]['Q+GK_$))EL,S65L4[4I-1ED:BW79FJE
M#W/TYE


! 0:^_UD=7@ #]Y*QDXRKQE-D&U$#E

G?]F&H=$[2W?C\\'1@DO?HK4C4

MT ZGHQN7'I8UDFVDIAZKP#=025^PWLH);#;X@AWQ(O/L#T-3\N*7.I3#G^N
M(C8/H69(J'*AZ04(KAGV&M3&&7YAD\T0U.:TG2,_+![=M0&GPK;3FMV1


MAQ)9A!1%CF=PUA2IKL4Y9_C-%

;


D@%^.O4-:RE

?D$I3Z2];]9973H\;HRGK:J)RG#FOLA=.BOX]=



57@+)61R6AU4!63NWRR-:4


(SM-#4FG3J #5I*O
MF_WJ
$XS]:T)E
*MPN$+GK
[!=6^RJLJ!MO&RF79V=N'6H4E__2
Q(^^TB/L
MI4W/ P6QL8_^1O9QI\P?PDKI561\/17R?MWGXV/9*X/WC;




(^B%6E+=)3ACN'I8^AM\JZ4S2L6CC5+VRBN-?@9
TR09 B^-

MN*R+RW.NT6GM3A1_.=A9L&$38OTRHV03JAT$HHF39@ (H[+'W]7B
Z8=1D;Z







MIKG6&5DJ%P^L6:QY&MIGVH-3/(? 






M6-GJ?9+?T07;+^D@G8+
J2Q1Q0R'PF6\\.CFGD0A?_XMD'/J1QY-P&YK(&A-

9Z!3T^2 6MG+
A+:?OR+12H^S
M\;;_N4C*N)'7:.- ^ZL?A95.
3G%F#[!$D


VH@^8:M8



0A*J8'@\T'DB^X9=H!FUY(@U7^'DOT-+C^]0URRC@!
MH/0_




MGO] .(OX]CJ*


M0ESWCZ3S[UDH;&=/GT]$G+XV/Y$YMCE
B/KGK]HS@!O_DE;8@ OU%C-Z;JO;
MH'25*._C.
$O]LZZ!\%#Y?AU?6K:$JE_-U]#D7
N(%^M
K5\=X?5WA6YA4S*
MWJ(W[FL)58RZEO



\+;5GD1/)Z1NFXW
/L$LN0$#-1ABRQ=H%



/






YL93XG&?7VE3LMTE@^@V#HE%0CDA?17Y3(






\Q%I?SYG







M%J5\MP-6C]*O%&/[HXBWICD]/TYEZ!*+FN\9Y;O28;6C*3N9$


M!EUZ?:)V7&CU0I#8['?OM]F_!HW&5J\^ESL!Q+Y$U)*21N\D-GMBJZ2YK!Q!


1O?54XG.P2.7[717+




M#@FB\L).&$EVI$0D+033FK

M%&!)A


0Y;UUH*_8H)NV
MOA PU42SF_Q$Z$?-V%4?.P?Q![



M
?HYDM*(ER17!5Z[6:MPO


MB
SVL68D
71='$K5MA+F6QY.$[$;)X!SN



M3!P

MDMH$
LY#H%+S.NT3$K?V15N9:)C9';:-HG1X2H#_QW'O

M




HU*7\- AQZX*
M3_!/_7TIMN'*-^DWV?_1JL4/FG273NOH]UOU]:L[P:U:S?6!%:5T&5IAL^6?
=T 4=4Q5L_T









MQ-@RR]VUYP0P*Y


M]%;16B0 K-?]NC

+IT$YG


MT8I).IMFS)JL?3
3/?8$8^@T-$@X'D;3OV.#;+%

FM^RDG4

MOV



MK^[$_.6;0 _;$+IQD/4)(
0V?B=Q
MYRDM;
M%4O70 =DC9\UVR%!N;:N4=55;[7S
Y5]$7UR!ZPS*2ULSM:=WHU=!WJ'OD
M!N?
ZUW65




MY&RDT223TAJ(A$K8ZO?L[(WKKRR^*+
XM\'ZF?S-;%BJLN'@?&/X-(?WTQ

M!EGG'M+W\A#SM4.P++%)_*;JQ.^GA.\9/G'LK?1FM ;ETD%

MGYN0F]-K\C]&)S72!(;2COZ%#-8\D3HHF/A]=]SKX&25X/?]7NLP+B8QBR


M7%\O*XLIG9]L$/O!GEYX56(5^A%ZRI4IVT[BS[3=H/R7UMDM

M3VOJX3JTF.(Q[+[WU'=Y51;7.'\@HGH^MUM?_9_KW)[R\I$H$VREYST3
7

7.!N#K#$8XFV7!UKCZ_

%J89Q1:DY@T7



MV6V!PLQZ



B Y)]=NO+86IK%G]
Y%0_3!2P%Y.




M21BX.N.




/;A
MSX_
'-_EM55TV


48T[ES85
M3@7EK0NE02N'MZBOL9^B


M[MH#/29IG2U
AW+;6I=1J
96 3H^L
)Q)
ND9=]ZXA;N49U2PT2B[;IZ4(_6


!9&(H3


X)(YWW%GB-[SSSQA6Z]*685Y@/V:_C.(P26[73P#V

M;MT[
YQ!G:AWQ](?!RG$VQIQ



CI]5)H 2GM^S?ZLU/W=M%?H9?0/74(871?RFJ+(73+VD

M9W'XM N0&+]?-(+DHE&
^X

_1I1D434

#94

%Y;V_ 8U]Y_?)XV0]UR





%310C)J0IV\:_@*)E41YMK$


0
I;

MH%M2.Y:(4/WJP7D6)^=G!_!=)!H+0[3-Z.9O%/MRA'E787YI-PP^20$\!T



Y+\\&W*?C+\@2

MU_VC[%$S\/A+#:^3+#P(MR A6?-EA:9'@[:[@4C


MX.M9QQD

2'M7OW3[UU[

M$

MQZ0!$J99:I+L'R:+UC:PC4FG_4W^%%QJFOCN^6OQ_3V%S8A_R+\'O/;DS9FU



8'*MS2RE9^U!E-(. &$_ O46CV+


M@\Q5=8XL)#GW;J



M3_YS%MV)/T7U:P-^-%?;_^[@01&PP?=X]W\:.E+2E%B2F9!HQ)C3[&=GN H.


5U62VI=QR




MANK?M9'?:BH^_TA6YKGW9S;J !I^=/D?HS8XG  XEI+_.@Z726G3'TV+\*KK

MM+9Z)^*!9NFA&6X
0R)$


M
;Y
4[T=IKH6SB!.YEX
1'C%P&AO!C/I!2S#K4T4![E2BU-1KU!LF0YPYSF-
MN.]C&8LA:2


M%\R[S CEL9X:5-@.'DPO4
5E_\


M[@W

MX 2P+DZ76@%Q
TS@9*

M0D8VDU?-JH%U*3R3#PY-])#!FJO%B[!]IEK\9$MCM6O$?9TM5#7HD/7M/%

7#'![%?DYSS^HV$J
MV9(=.GDM?K3*2-F\:G#S5FU%8E<6]W7=YM(SGZ'/:/+M?.SM)P VZ++:2#%

M
&30;YYUC5J$M!N$W\D\5*P3S:J+-5A97I]#'(0%!5(:SDWW^.?0!@;);Z:$

M]]


M04D&@SFK9T$LJ_\V;9T1[+L35[Q_L.KBF?G8P-JL3DV8TVM5195 Z)L

'
M/-+V@1' WS(Q#+?+D

MX
Q3@E!\=_6(F^S\Q-&A/^D!\P :

N48D[S@2(VQ(88W*]KCHG7
4^KA*W.
M

M0YF6\8$3PLTJ_:E$X ++V7$9I?*7&:^9^B



^^VQF&X[!$+_%]1
2**#ML?I7%RMT0#V1%QG4YK
M;I*+5K#:!'G\5!S+F?S+NNRY+@Q^FA@)%:$FJ6S^Z5PJX2!EY]U0UVHH0VCL

M_SU2X^Q?9
2635'R86%3J+):. %4Q$\L@=2.$JZ1XL/V*VJ




M]C=9]8Z%W/EYB20Q*G8=U)18!J/CI  DCQ!=MO2NY;8(-7?#\LP)M[SDT8X7
M-83VYS[^4'5Z45*]JYVVZ_;5G]5B[R0JPHJV$FU6$/35*EOE1_[O#0B3CV_
M/)];-*




DQ+^$:G2JA&ML


=J[Z#\IG5=(I;7
M/'V
;I;ZLBJ0
XS$J$E1R$H)P1V'05GP!R7)#MJ)N*(%Z:1 O?^7(9HK0W
R)LX19/JOY=8\C&6QL^7\Z3YFTA;_GG.:A+)ETQL

[ B

BM



$MTRW7=4V!4BDHGU+Q9_X4P5
MG\]O



&;

Z&-P
M+/XY2*ZH.0%$N5[[45X_?@Y/BFT





MGQV*YILUT[QNW-%J(?;]5
C+_I?O_F31LL!?I!^Z_XP]^E0
3*TNS]:!+_$2








MH\[U +FG




MTB25A!D=:56F-L+X@W(HNK43O.O!F9UUL4[L.KD*R,_?&X#X-S$ ^#=CHG\
M3'X_WB3R3%#5U#_,829(]].RXY*+MTMS_ NF]!SSSF(.E5A^?!B%_G&R
C.

D'K'S:2\?4$Z?2ZMG/VN





MXTS%=^/#)]\R; 3H(OL.GOLDE3V#)7/71EOS5C?JRS=E!9!E_Z'.-84(VET2
MX^#:N.Q:8XWI.2 K^WW]R:R



M9E)FU[RZ4!;
3!:FF(S(\7\\X7Z+*K2TP/Q\0AA

M5
TVCVORVE'.==
^RP]M+)N9:=M%=(=RI[SY6_Q3P+NC-6PJFF6'_ES'KR_0



-FWY!$+HRN#H'\O*6R^?W
MVW1^9WR *BYG8
NAEKA\E._/GY@\[6!/SM^I =;MM5K


[R&DR':9.VO8'9;L?K_;K'?YZUA5?EE9YYWHFYSLT+;@L1(
M-SN2-KFJ#US71!


M*YZMXL2(

YK
4^-M/W(I[7TPW\DO5)CO?GV
^2AM



2O*!?

-3



* TFLB4)#&^
M
JJ].G-_TY1\1VFN^H
R$9L0?9I^/$@Z$(YK-I(*JPX*HX;EZ=6NYJA:S3(U
D*^*U;M.TVN[)








M!P\


.<#1&J

M?%)@ -0Y?B\#M:J2Z\1H;9G O73Y&L@N

ZD-KX[U43?3W1D&2/-^&UGG
CO
M+?C\.M+*[!N

$(OFNFG
YZ
!D\PZ.TAH!Q52
M
])
C]/7

MC]^0E2M'^

M.V8+_.S[FLX^Z4U^X



MP&A


9M?7M^J\N8X'\PBR]




ML [_C^UBW*5:1X..??:796;W.8;P)I@Q+

MHW46.[:$W:BK36G!0IJ95Z$_1:WYQ?[^MOW K(8!CIMXS38R)[YB57X_JY&I


@64@[I3:E
LR!I.


7
M=Q=WE^O4Q(;@2\G !U)14M4)D/QO$A8FRE7SPE
&/4^#S(ONWZZ2ZIV\(V]P
&0MCZ?#O9\%2;
M&/_W8\@Q[8)WL

.:_T?RLM#]M?.5Y
MMW#OEP):6/1Z87[AB

F7#PM@BQRA

M!*'9AE_3



CR&4


M^LS24L6G%Y
%?;HU;)*R*:#0 Z.)&@FICHG1/P4U/0TU37

MCU%J+78PR\+=A+PW%:$#=$G_'A^-:Z &':&\/\U5B5E@#0_XHYB1%R_C;\^Z



MU+R^85O:IR_!Q5
S]EY..<0?0Q&CKK'@+N@

G&-4[A2X7&@W
 XJ
 +!=%Y_)GQ2R.\CP%


M4U/FEVIMR$8*6(Y!3.TM6\^RGR0:YLQLW73!?D2OENK=?;P2&!M24T-
7SH'

32;%OW]1G^68

OZ^I.Z3=U
MIUN+UX+UD$L%$8XX:2#&QGIJRN0N#_^'L\QM^)@MN$4VJP;K+SD NYT3]D
MDU=M4!G

M2_X+!432R(7:2%_NB+FM?F'E\IV*

[
FM)ID5NE9=JQ'[7GX[(TF
U1K1
MUL0OK*GENZ4FUFQRL59LO($TA8%ZM





-MLW8S7HRIF]U

FO65G^]@TKZN@Q#
M@JZ?9FB)E@L_0\Q9R]N@^BKGD!H:C'K

MZ]'N9T'86@M_W%TC







3^SX

MJN4EMI0JR'0R()V5KK_^(+PY8$S4O-?*@LY!^BU?&[W=!/3^@O7(,6::2Z







 I ?/#].#KR^NI1GH%.'

M)NV9RFL;3)_^N^JQPX50$
_H(DRY#!\1SE2$HQ]AD73/*'VOI?R&2;='#5KN
MCS/K
KQ%


AH[)?9A1G];!+\3H]LK^EKLV'U
ME1!5[#0W-K:5C];+Q_AK5

M-OH@MK]PG$'


LOI6
M#+6/1_





S]61
ODE*-)FA0*J;OU@MV
Q^1%1;Z2I0#U?.





M
.R


MALP+5:YZC-46P#A/./2.SG_O[FG;[U.V$[VQ_H%_2!^75$!TKA


M*:]6074QRKHO6W:_+H(F!?LZ7FWO[))Q7XL VMD#(9$J=(E
U80=*D(N5.
MY: SQDASQVC+
LX.4QVWM\XKDS-1@J*[JG9HC8Y74)BLZ*N@-=3?Y[V:=^
M+\
C'!%E!G+(*@-]-=;$5D3OMEEVUS3IH//&K/7DC+
9
*CX=&+ 834G_F4R


@L^?**^=V9)CPZFW^;S6+_U3Y%)OG8PV-[39,?KX[Z%XT<?YA
'ZVFLP.

OW
MPWX% [^?2NQO_NBH\FIX@[@&NHB*7PY3@RG@*<'1<&.ZX9VCR#^![NOBO1\












MXXM;H=+!:I-N, ^*P(F7F


M]S939!C2XA!S

GRDZ\?!PI:Q'V7]=?;7^



F= =

U%.%
F?&DP




M+AL#9M(KWTS8''9.#
4.B

T?
KUX#$%K%CVG\#(94Y V
M3AA
SB



M$.T6TMNSA

M7
J&OA]0-$+MB?;]%^'\R3!V 7X+W:)GZV_Y+S^3=Y57M9-BZLIZV)*(?RQQ
M2SK\'! HITB%##6K+-V:^!UW@87OV7H8R128DX

MX8Y9*U2J7?Z
TMRVC:&%SQHXT_]QQB]/NXSZ[?N QI;UDG9SZ
M\6UM)6N0K*=PV._/3OIP(9_JC(SBK
]]_#575S5*L@PU@T7MDL[OJ[Q@6
M*RYN0;8)I*^$B@Y35P7T7)# BMC2=$=OG%A3
-G5W3G0==/O45L.CZ;SF+R9
MT1;[^]GVII[O&N6'HN^#U0&(KKSRCE$S[?MI?G;#FK=^/\C9U!T P
S(-J_U

9-;7&/=].+NA.E)9\M.GTKIN&E#*

ML.%(_XEP:Y)^Z.5?O\!-][[







)% 8

[NY+LFL3XND(K






MZ1

S@%U.^
M9M:8?F0
GU!2%S^KJGY)[\PT

 
4#
MD%(G]:AN#
_CB599+



M\]9'#\_0TK2:S$-\M^%5Z&X4




M2CF U
Y&EXW*/F2^ I
GW741;'3
C



21H-. ?IIBR(M(^MK92 _TN




]\XKQ$^=%$)FOK5TR74!O+=AE1TRK;Z:[/8J-! T?=K&

ZC0R=3C1FX3*KET8.OF/7.J4S-%#L&0A?K9N# H0X-([JS-PD=+

MWV\*H+NX4\4

M 
MF;?IW(
:

M#$=9CZ^D&
1^AGM80EG)K.WXKOY6Y9.(0GWO_.TZ+]\1Z_(KV(PG$E=XOWU1


JZ5N
_7M9Z2'?[6X0C*VP*



D1\8)H+8KFF-+X:%9T.K_^3M))<
MN^I;FEQKBL@?K$:Q+CRLJZEK1H%5!;3'3[4<\O\^*UPKRGF;KBT^N&A)SRU

-?FZ

M0S3QET

MF\5TBHEMLN74(HK1'_P58E1D)-MG5%C (OV8LON.S8]+JX*L_//T71=S+\

M\Z


MU-F


D=W!+@5P7CB7[=RN]4VZ.




M\7M_W%04O)M 8H!YBQ[[*R-+2S5B42&GP@98CSO(NMSF#A
P6PTXRS=#^V

M\E]WH9/4ZOCEO;\\UFN^'*'1'&M[QBS*1LWHH@V-8YW_ 9@T84ELZR;3D%





L[H-D
%_2VJ[;1N1N1&
MM$\@G5S/?78H@/X)TE]D7=V8VU(=R@'95)6DS!O#'1D0%!!Y*4F4Q
4(X/+;



M1FB16D3PA ITZ1*




^9




M[*Q8ZV7JG!^VE$K2D&@)DN$J0/J8V#AE6^N]P$N=9]*TO
_?.* X5%7%9LBW





MVOO7BRE.YC
?AE/ZA1?J7WF 


MZ@7^T7VOV6G2[.




M-U?K+90




PO?W9Y:R1*''4JS
MY_6/D-1AS(


CPW*!0[_-T4=$=%X
]VM92NVUI7KWA#-I.Z

M$*J-P1W\0!@-:0:%!BI9%6O^R4M8A650 .J] UDT21E:!$F!(H(@VHUPLX24




M;2B#97_.IDB3$%Q)


MQ+$&G%I
2P!E1FA7G1N&7Q-%9

MWT[3'@4.V?6W%
 5KN832]*X3&5L)C3B0I*6O
^E8S3SBN^3PPH&7Z1:O TB
MBJ1_;Q(C6-XYK#*(/VI!)-A1 *;-3VTO+NX0VR1I24YA8\MMZD6SR+J5)?^O


M




MA&HADS_IXYB!C06W4.8[OZ\JI3$=%^6ACX7&'O14THN9$[8K$WOE
 XXY.

.GKN(^NR8%+

M2?)60R[P0[#=DZ!W.*6&7\6ER %8]=%N.G&/A1KSG2^$CN1$X,/Q,IS.S8^
M\-20NE=EB(O44:=QS#=X0F^+%)+_,C?:#!YA]-P(BQ1]+Z+L(RN[M?7YO--

M%?



M7TOG)OJ&\3\C.77HIBF)9N2M2G_6R
_2+MQORGM%/HNM$*R-?F$%F(NL7J4&





V@&51N^Y1F


/HSM+I9223R6F_.K;U$@WQFI
MBO$Y!TH
&]=^O&OXXM.S%#I-1:/8Q^

M%?/L+@^4BZQEHH*X3AZ'#9

MG0=/T
JZ3/N65Q4Z5+_DU@(



5GKX+!MT_7]&%KXC-%V^Z
3]T[.-KE+10LC+[Y#[]_]$
M)OP_DZD-_;C\2(CZ\B##C(H<UUOR^P:J3ZJV$/V3=D1Q#OD#J$8:PCQ'*
ML0(Q)BGR0D(H@'E


M%  ]UZEV


_
MG7R5_RQIT$='16@J_7AL?V,XZ%33CS#QSUM=\R\.I6@(0!6)3DI'E^1LAWX



M8_8?\5)-9ZPFJN1GGE/5N43[Y0SY@6Z)9



WGH7(07#





F@N7]#1YG6H@ 4%

MLD/K74R[^2PG8



M3(J

M?[_OBZ=)D]@FI\M:2/Z
8YUW7%3FU8






J%VOX#FMI/$BP12;'B7

M.O8_RS\'IHOZ. J M]
GCF$I8Z(@V5O4 !V,377[/(U\,U8LRB&2UVCAGY
ME;!$OKX\:_'0


?%/21J




Q L: TN0JUN(1%P.;T1[\
3 \%$7




MT
U1
K^I#OOG50*8)G[(
Z(9SD9IIRR8KWUE;RYO:G797NWW$K:& O@6M[Q+

D;)I)M*)TG)+0HD
MN?W109LU#H

M8$%;/2U[





XX#4BX0'_S&[CRSFF*

MI/XTTR(O




MQ@64OM8
/WSV7BM^%4E, +#;'&U,%2<:&NH/07S-?T^^C9%<?^&M:!O60
MU@GHL'4\-!K9R+I,]VEFOI=W#!BN!)Y10Z

M[Q







M74TB4PUORWG;*?[EWS^U%A3*
7B8?'P+$_

%^48I'*
MT^^A#^DYBI@G_]1RNZU_2*Z7%*BO)Y9CQ9V&79.S2Q-[I-9?K#U3^TJ5FKT




MV




MW?\AED)(LN6W*'V+/G;1-7!FBY \8 GXS_C.8OXR2#?IW2/%:!
YS6:9A;E*

4E)DU(6ON






'4WJ3+MH=D6HE&_IBQ[&=$J%N/9A1&\3MV$W_\N6U_KO#_I



M L/$UDL#L6R1:H+@/*RV-^.MK;BV?GGK@B
3*AK5ILORXF.6-5/;R^S!RR

MNX?P8U[
)P.;/Z7$?6(43TAN:.3JY


M
J'W$MR-U(C5[14T_ZP1'V)WC

BQJJ;WD\_B1MV:JV8)\:&O


M-LN%TRQU\R'3XZ=RO?-OO&


_HCMF







H-BV-83N]Y8=#E.9

O
Q@D]







#<36R%-)FJG#<'5<6%2I+&MLK2-C*[OQF:YJ3R
M#






Z+^(.



NS&[*AWNO5HGR8S5

M]Y-L+S



M_&%.)D 0DITXG7IF=E)?KK]+KV#D9VC$G\WB_/D3A_XS1KQD0*KY9O^C$W?$



+R&\WMP(+B909T[AWRP4N##,13\8F@(WM;6)/!!\C3;G_P

MD#MTZ4W].3^O4 !40U Z4^8%ID1]E/?D

=E
?WS0


M\TO#+U9
D]&=;E_$G3:#L+N!EK4^:^N7TC(4 .2^^3 VKTG9Y4$W?D+:7/E$

MW/%6.KBVN



+JOT=Y40CG N#3A#/[P-E9DJ7MQ,E8]/4BB%
M*NXVH(=2*(PAE6K^Z UF!@<:^SN1KDG%Y^V@%B$I)S*_D8@SSD3_#K63*
M]API1I9H40#76&O#&(54J)R
_I)'6_@^A[
05H8J7N@(=^X\F$KQY?RV35_%
M9/UR7B!5XITS4NIV^


!UE5[H

M?62M)@ 6E%WN##SV^],$#,GBCQ/9TBH,G+F,Y6^DKI]%!=I*]L0+SA1M4AO
MQ4PL!RPOG5_LRX!Z

MGY)@RW8YTSY'4[7:)\NV+RN1+8/VU1W7. 9





M\+TO*CWF-R)KC3VQM8OZE8U3O+8CKOQ1)R


2V-OJ]VCY&,]TNCJF?

4GT
4(.E@N'=_Q\7A;DTNHYCZR.[6XO]%[)L-B5MP#5
M+*QU)LN<#W(AL9)R5/TVV3'Z_$PRMS=\30.5A#M_&I5SWFTC[W/6C?.Y9
M;B*6[


M;]X]!2A+GTJ5=IO[)@1OG0])_LY6KE!9[(:+R68UBA^I*9761?[UA97B#V$+
MX/5\FI(E0R08:9K^8;GN]8#KOH47F*JJWNWWSK?^Y45%0U!NF86?UR'9;@9U
M@F=0MKQI]FI-Z$LVPB^3](;5-TQ!R@@^(@R
V+KDBIBV;NOC_MX.S\NL@AO2


ML0)3/2(U6[D%Q 7J8!Y5).3[=







!4@(D)36Q1UL500[2H-4F&5F(
L]7-[F8E!BW
M_'&DM/HTMNVQ0K 7[;$
9--13E$P.K5HM#UP/#9AT&PNV@R$\LRZ!ZX_1;AC



ML8%7&#'QFPMXTM



MHG[QC99'5$=0TV^E[*KS0CL3[.EAF2Z)M8MI/;JSFET:5\2)R[6]\UG;'\

&_L;0I385O?

JY=\$H5
MR8ASRSF?J?W659[E#N$S NP/N 7=S'F.TEC.$%0\XEOL4E=#N]L1 EB'


M+P?





M.7_WQ4)/AF@E$U.@GO8IA_/Z

M
[MG/

:9E4T;77W._?7UREA'+:DOVEV
MA\4^5MN



MY21T$X*$0/*Q$94J47&_YJS:M%3U 4$YU+



:IX\M

=T NF^ZD^'2P)&2ZYK^FEAIHXT%TDI*\=]:&WZU
DZ#AEZC=1N7@8


IM$IQY+8D6-+Y% 8LY+60TB(ALX)R&%$I_(7/Q

71





M !

M4GC5;NK3Z

E/VJ%(4)T-]M3M1#(BZ]@




MAWWKAT&?)WDRU:^E2@?I&Y5V')]!Z\%&OC

35\IQ2PEFO@&2.IRLA374%#


MQ?L.Q@Y#K'% +8VQP*&FN@IE0.6?OFT+IKAXX0SSQE2XM7OQG%DO:WW#%YJC
M]VR?Q!IH6:#6



0$

M=LG@;!W'@IQ'I?M7]\SWUWJT']P?K_NN4G6OP7\LU_[6P-(_WU2'C@$^NQ

J4_ 1'+&A!B$Z1$HDJ4&$=MLA]UZ.^'J0C]P_5*Y


M._KOPN@3/KJML2B







MM





M
XYTO


9TUA$GQ+H$T-:D*:7$A=K8+7V1+4
ZO






MK@\/)0O)7@Y29:\Q+Q-?U4A/Z.%#G7D]A6=X\#
R[IA(WMD('KI( F2[B?S3





M.;!!^.#V5$&FP7@S=6H*TLSUF)!N.J-01\\T7.3)^G!%A8VKGO'5B&GTJM=T
YUULOBI+C&+-Q$^U!@_Q);*CU?2S.
0\N I?S&R*C&
M;6P8PG]\2+'K=AOXA;=4PMD\345-K)I%KAELJOEJVZD'N*TMWI?#F;+LCWR1
M;.G*?V2#K#&[\@%[C KV%P2]#:ZE$H^KD

;X=%H)@ P[_?O'/((KHWW1



4'K

MW'XL3$ZW!8*!N@H5?QX^:O;OTNOHKB/+2[AH2\$?5RC1M=D%)1=:[GR=RBB
MRGE)E*4Z*NJXOV4
@[[/!U-D;%LR


METO21B[EFOA:;XH_CSN]IL0\

/I# NO-T['W44Z[2
F69'__UQ=+
1P

MSEZE4G13)M3V:\0&L(BMB5L PIRF0RH
GXXST\/MS3D++BZKC$XU^KW2RN1G
MV:_S.Z'=!X?@E-[
G
:'GV=PACW6L5P*K0V(M)E]$1K'[KXS[_GY4&T53C9+


XAD


M40(FF'=E2#VT;;6#%+^N8 YR\5#AK
X]C'





=X%+VZ+'[GW0A8A




MO6--=V

M2PE0J=00\?CH(

/AEU1#]3M@MZBUR 3C
1XWCMS025:HW-JZL?O0O!



3:L/ CU/7F#7;M:ASVU]G4

FRLG/#Z





Y[FX.=MKMP*QJ


_.QRKW.:


]P)(+Z8WXD(<'(@[
MOWT*N5J EWM00JMUC@83!K:Z)9O?/ Y2TM%1JGD<;](4L?)7U\PKEP#UF?8






OQ131:8;8Q2V2TLY)M2P@6'_[5L8T%G:N


30^Y\2 ;ZL^_$3S7V1KM^$UPG!L
M'NRC20V3[&KL0;';M+



'U30XT
KRVSOO._
MJPH-E;QAZJ



Y8C-F0!PGT
M/&?^@J+##ZW6![+BS+HR%&J KA#G7X
O0OW9G+H2E'X;/L/QER2F*'E A83Z

M



M[#GF 7P5%
HLC0U:K)T:ZD9P?QS[H6WX
C-$B@)Z=P

ML.-:F]D0P?;L[:ZTL'3EL$]Y+7IJ15W? JILZI$J








#Q

X4+OHKLQA

9=5A&XSD;_3**&YDE$#FZ-3*?.


.W^%)OUQ_7D+\R-&W
]-C0

M
H[YW:
[L



M
J@_3TKKFV/I'4F4R;^=Z55K%Q]6)
M3TT:0VG[NCS4KJ3Q_4?+P]^




IK0Q;[O$

MZK)6G(^:\?VN-IU:

2(AW2(]\)KPW?

P$&FVJH%/Q@]V2EKXZ_]JN@&7X1ON34CKNW]
MJ*1%!DOM8'-12&Y]/\1$&F1IZ,)TIM7,,2U$)O6A0ZA3CS4##P[MKP%1%3

M;(A'7+'CDPQP 1='ZZOW\N]GS7:V\64.'.EPA;BEA




S+$:JL4O'2

MFC'J9U

MIV/&H

MHP6CDDN]+9;\(@S-O66C$[-.9FH4KR.+8K@^@(/;=HDY@G-OO!O+RS^WM^
M7^/UOJ62$6L_D

IH/3


?*C$1+1.
MLZY[7&2YOC_;C ($KA6U2I@GTIA1Z1,N6##SF4($V'FSVS6:0DH$:ZYTVOP

M-%?0W&7E!#!/30?JX[=ML=.8+F\(

M(*)):Z_[\[1&-ZHU0'%QI&J58

^6T$?Y.79EB^K8.GAFB3*!?\SQSS]8=8(3#.P6@J=D



M_J^Z'7;/V&G_R-^





M#Y9A_I6H6/EB$-('6I*M/5RNX4WB*



OHN\!7S]


M/&V

TJDG(HRS/]'U8

*T;V@&C;E4GX&B#O9_PT8U$2A .+ 2/14/'!
LLWJO4J_





M

5_J%.U+5X=-O._#BI)K/N*T##


G;*TU*R9+'2O'W+F;:U)TE(T?O'IZ7P5\



M%(1?#I&4LQQDIE.Y/;S0COTMY4=%TW49[V827W &N4. +I?J4(X_CQ_$A;4B
M:U%

-=?PX


Z\O^_2=@=R]RDR!48ZD3=K0=QB:BYH5T1]Y2=T\



CY]UZX@W46^U$0:


-PH+K\[VT<E6I_U-U#Q#8W*E!EQ@S5

=

S


MT6IGDJ%OI%N=;&W%@L.DE


M^01]!8^[TKGS1?HP'U=A\D+
L5
LH63%J0
(Y

M\7JW;WS-?.%!Y4@=YDW
X;W4)$X#1(@CWF'9\S
*!!7([K*G\9]U-7


8O;@KO2\:9


:$!8)VCK1IY'W1E3(K@L:EE9;MG6!S
9
M(YKK12T[JA0&_P7'@G0NTI;3=@_R(
SW_51\L9NO)R2??F\ZNFS=%6X9)2G0


D
M.*
0X*F?LK&N

5#&O-CTW!T\'#Q#YHIT
M3V,(8+F]V[C4+D^:9BG7]^%D&:Q9;4O378/YQ
4G6::Q4\=+[^3G'))YB
R

M*3*FPZ)%DS6='-XS1I]Q4+3 PH/*2566=5E\S00BD7D[@
4[ ^&C^6!.#J^%
;J[&<
35-MCV:\GE NHLLL?
MH:!N/+'M8C&

VNS%40






QT/9(#

V_$W[./ B
PW7TBS;




MR=KG#XGU'ZJILD3

M[&:1[;+W)



XQUJ._]X_#KD11-^6
M/:-$U.U0U/Q


D2?


5T-T2^-TD8K[5JA2_8@R
M=RY!49Q-T_/TDO



M1W'RG[MB]]6.$R%3@I-3I/WL_W.J&JI;\#;B&SUX8B,^.=S1JY2=H?KVOGY
MXAY84[&4
YL@Y$3)41 9_G6Z.;%?SLS6=_SMMKDHOGB
IQ' FY8QNY==T!1

/G.GH/:9+.CN]]2




 3[_HCZ!%YV]/Z<%M
:
M\XB^ I25:*]FL.8^WO81OLD.[6.+SVC+;G





8T%6O!O0&+2LHGF*8D(F





M%.:'U6F8?S ]GP$M6:?AD#%8&U!U 57MJ-


O

M)'?/JL?A*I4.?L[+7@D\4QE;!KB6;@2U=2U


M


_YO

MU?(SFM[1[F]=@.

G+<J@H\J^
MB=WV:S3*59'T
B&]+G'%;8W$TYM





TI1=HVT$Y%X

MRC%_TEGJ4G*_^C=F

VX[.FB12-RAZ8






Z!N


7I[8TUK._T/T5C]/[ACL;6:+5;OB

MM-O7#K:[-(
*M$M=ZYB#OM;%S6-.S802W=F[?/Y2*D_^@O1VIF=/^:IHMJ=_



QY%V8O^F
MACQII]<//H5I99N,/8'?(Z09CYW(H1N#TV*PJ^H<P0G^^_?E*3XF_0&86V-A
M,\++=9%FNI8R40=Y733^#-\E=@U<S^NPE'O7K;3/X:P=:(&
X47=6S1-SBN






=Y+?6=J

#OEY@_64R.7]J
^KRRCA(;;4
]




ZWA5



]@E
: 3339[E8U
M;39)K)EOS!_=U!VQ9I: OU5F[%8R)*EW$E/4P? N2B/O^#A2E]A=FZ696=
M49C;GC1D=.EZT$#:@X;JFBS.)](A7

M=XY(YO[[OH&FO&'!7'\X7_(+PR&!*ZL;


LP)DMCU.&W:0.XOS''1II/0D1LP4:
MH48])/EKTG5=I[7WN214TX$X.[6V.Q=QV48P[7U;3O6M+_?SAC*BI#DL-L

'2ZMRV )^$]W




MGQ

\


MM8S.'$I%K?BT*9X X!WFKXG*I/^N !$N(Z2G6/&[.\QU
_FKN@S
'S]+=.6E


MSU?5&P=RD=^A5P!'/E';8[3D#YOFE :E_KJ'$S*7;!5N=#X8(IXS7#Q!9X

8ME%L9ES(&@+5$[_J=IR9*


.^SC+M%6U:[

$&S4/M0




MUT?$54YQ79.&D1GXJ)4]*LX 5)'&OQ$?OGHZ?)K!=8^H/-5+3^*K6B@BCRFF









+LUJ#8@6!*^+R;W@
MM\7MZKB:DW^^3=/XN=LC.XH]O?X*4



O=XQIP0WI.HF[HM

:'9@TUS JA\YE=41MWJDM;1H
M9I-7RUE/!V[X+3(J:R*A+PCBN,,1ML:=L]U1,_3AR[[WALLTQK_C*2F 2FH
M98[.3U>J0T3%RG6>?8Q N@*$27'1_#'N,WW^0_W=K]7\8G/]B7.$X
7FYZW
QV?&%?R0]Z/J'O6

^OW2E]





1*H
5:?_XF6



@L


/SF7Y#L^)CU^&?3T\U**^;C]G3*+O3QT!YEFU#R3.Z



MF%MV)KCT\IS(+=!*@FL8:EHFBS+[6E6#+ZN&F?Y!DT?!!Y^B7 7A+6E+JA


MO3JII%K$E5UD_U3I/%0G3C/N

S8G2\8J
XF
MRN?D\*_576\Q/A48^.FN_F #?5BF1+XK'**BWK+KR5[1I46NN8DHMK57J\ZI

\!@CEHY

7/HV*593ZW3C#XEV5MVKO41#WA99X;/0DG_3IV
M9TICQ5^K V55SI80A355D__)0V;V++6N ._-\R830OM0_%5XI_3C%F.<UW8

MO)OQOV%SYQJ[I@#3GMP7$3D:'F3FR218D#(MT(OV!86Z=077!W7OGW$ME^

)TTY#=-LOQ)J\UEPOCCC67\!?M6E=QH\6\(IFF\!IR$9CXH;51O)

)6PIRZ



M&]79@))MGOKZ



MMF;OM:R(TY83[ZP:M3YU(#CDS?3Z^/SJX@ZG2=0-4/H;\_-MTKK$$I7G1V5Z
MG$

M2J:EV][]MA\X-2RU9U202 ^



MB!2J%Z
=@$^;]68BN?#DOY#3G+$1_$

U%
O )T


MZ$I1


WYMJ6TH


BWCS?&

PBTY%UO41SC#&#?<L!#PZ)SVDTJ)-KM\GZ/Q!_'IURN(X.;
M]@A9NCC[4X$1DOAU.VYO!?M?




?E(VAE3EI*+((&6?KQ3
MRI7-Q;H_D[5P-'DH_*)KYT?'6O3TQ6..?6




[:Y FENR
M(94?

OG9^&2KB8)%.C:\[9Y6T0G1B

MR0=7 +M#,?,YUD3%H?)(?/(OMV1(*[VF0]1 (:6_ '1@/U36BWSKJUT?*)


\)1&?TJ)&X/ZY2
K_?['PK.PJT)MHO#
M4U14$$2Z544E&[VHJ^D@'0SZ1@#*:D!2C< I)3Z1B3KL%HI4'HT=);^2
P70.Z<O^PQ58T0;3';V[CHVIWTR





MU5+EKA(YR;5]
?^Z_;-P@Q\MM;M
0;[?_0






M2-
=7A^6#9?M
2RP+BPLT=Q7X 

MWS*^9+#1


\&!J228 U




M[[_5PP&1H=U$UX0EWF9[+T3R^3_8YJ*X$JY&:4/[T9'Q!L+AC3K^2]ZX73



&Q_==ZV\-W;2C#!DW=#H$SZ(S.!Y

=].;
N!
WFTDON6O
M:;DGI&8*^:@&*7:'A!+OI3S'AV$GARD'?6%Q/R](KNDQR(TXAIPNU(Q)(/.

Z];2L1C]H4DDI9]3OHT$+ ]GZM%KTM!_QGP4%F.J\I=OMQ+@)S4
M84MC%\1V\@R$5_V
-=WW:8TI)
]
V#0UJSS;8/7M5'S$L!)87=(C^6+EZ)SM

MM[+D_!))*:#%=6\^_'


^)I8H(S+T2S/;0K9.
M09S^NA%8Q:V[OSP3620OLK7V
&?'?L8G0:YCEM%G[J@(]B KIVZ/D *RXL36
MYEB)#BKRS=H#T=7&C@HP%2B&F2VC BOX&WFX1^)3G360'=6@8/T]H+A6! TJ


ML/:7A&GI7_F



MW[A-M;A[U
INW\0?/W:PX+3R



M#G;

W7NNRHQXM^SZ8@2#3.#'@OO[$H*RQI%=N 5\XU+[!EZI
MP (4747
L*W!^:-3V*






+^


@&()I9YY;W.\N%R6[QK@P3LV_*']Q8=U\&BF9+9?6\%P


 QLXV+P-F3I5

M-!3.?OGRI$7=XEK*%XVJ:2J=R'CV









M^9E\UUP3\2_&6AT*?&SA/E/.;J9MUV7F$20+6QHHSSV_*OA7O)!3[C&4W:


M7?










VF1L_M(^&:AWCZ
M^&CN_OR[7%T%CFP^PH\X%G[U) $_A?H$76:/(7HL\V2*KP'HD[$\]_X:\H#?

!$%7K?QY3





KWXH1

\:M





E-^/T5_&7*M_




&VVB;B(I=1@MI(6PD)*[@&\&Q
KGXEG0E/

KLHV&S?!

M 2'C+
G_L
W7$RBJM!/ZMLC-W62ITYP=^5S7CZ9SIH@KR^SAEAE1]J=61O2D
M;P:

M$2QA8\04K F(1G*(&Q7JUC^N(043C3R):=%B)]T.DD)W![V([:U:)C Z70.Z

M3'8%C=B!T9KHUA]5PK

J':
MM'JDC#I3N-MI5#R?7U+@96AD4-YB_ZSM8&BE(L5V]M'8W


:T:+6F^O[U=5T:33KUH7($OXP&#Q:F+OXTZBQUN6;



M8-T#*PKD:U7Y
9_&UD]]5T:
)X&F

C=[/MJI[$
H\?2/.B
MU+#;

MWZ*^8;/U!G;0R

 RWJ8H1
EO^+
8*+J


MW:G\OFE+P3
I4

MCG(.HXM#FSW



OT0.+*#V

]CUR)MT\D-













7!)MIM;$!I *$?^I62Q8@;;/


7*:3X0EYR807.*E4^L7A^

MFB^ LS
R4/

M
BHQJMXOQ;TOLPJ[8^Y?






)*8EWKYM.<']J_Z'
M^AK0QL-VL=;=8I(@HLRXC:*IJX@?D7@]Y?XDXXSEO2^XY#G=.Q0.H7B)_F-\

=J
HB?*93


MQD!K;C! 0@.]NY\



M\5V:-KY'K[XX;::J%C&GM?$^P_BVD9A3A'F6;_JA[B11.DW5.F#UT^W%




M/&$_
U]!D12KC(Z'2Q?K[E36[7Q!/2)_/O/RH^:$:I^N'0]4GR'\JSH7G!

_BGTF'6:R%[VCD4:T')W55P4OCY1L
\*$=I;.*2



;+&;0B/Y(;E0.J.E=@
VY.6<@C:#6(,,,GGSC90*OGTI)]$/3R/!GD2












M+?UFW_/\GBF*.&D&Q'W
6T2UO D@1+3




:\\*


\)?VQ5_D3&A B[O%7-;Z)OAOK
M'




JZQ]32=+LQ


M'QP\=F*M!#X*&2


M6*JX!@ :L^5!CUP16&&1;MWJQ!

M3UYT










8*LV_$1


M'&QO$FNG32!UZP;.(#Y0I8
M=?=.DU/U;?NIP]:OCH%4S _ 0ZS&NQJCH6H5&G6
CL!N5I%0S=]IW5X5W#(&


MKLS0:]ALTUC*=8Z!^B:CU;V)*9]7EWEI.KD'!.*OZXH(H^,B4;[TI$&\]4

:@/^&B?6:^IL:8U^P9K

VX0O+G7VB7NF\


MM?DJAP:8V27P[%%_&F1)E7NPO@'T9#!B(Q]\S[J4?[;CX!#NF/.  ]/DI-
M''^




I



M*DG=D/ROM

M?-UN_SW4RR099DTCMY-)AW6$78DXMA(F/EC^_@.A5*]
$.X!]JG5J*^ZA)[K
M






2;9^T?-!
MR:)PYQ1\0-6 UXWW7?O[=\LO;^O0T
+'HH!

M%V$7!P9Q\Q;*V=44%5;GTJY!Z




M\XO96[D4K8 K=!\:^$A2 ;J?KS%&DHBY!EB:($.&VI\UX%43L?R1Y@R-^7P]


;J-P*P_+T:+D
MV\NWG
Y]N2\:G2X.DF/;Q:$O\)L_UMIT-OH]F=:L;P9NO=L3Q+JL/A7]1N

KVB@BY37@%KX=Z;R)]XNU



MZ?47W

M;ZR ]MHT'9[[4E4B8VA_\






ZXJ=JC)QL%8]6:*-P[_H[20\A.'_&



'@I9YAK7


MQAR1!1R,8=U K9Y)AAI4HYK/FZO1Q #^Y.QNV+C&?/


MZ/:H98\0R!&AW;9S

MIX7I&X]%O[%Z&]TUC#@WV:DY-FE4)=V;9+$DOFN!O_^ZA=):)#KG\W+_9\
1



P@'DGO?I&Y[/Q93)URN=9G20POBA9AMJCM


WMD6JG1%N?!NY

X^#TS6@
M:JR;TJ]E]AF6!'^R-?[V'O$
F2K*!&%:*O3F.O1*(8#V\4RK1PN;#)II\0S)
MFFFC^M%6NTVM^^WZ]9]((LY!Y/A:-/P17G:)-*:%=!46
9/\ENCZ2
J*/%;T

MA_HJAAB
?N_-&,TLU^^5[#8!E8/BV^X%2OMMO^3YX^^SGWZZ1B6!H5YIVG


M

IQ7FDSJUH2


+1 [
XISIK99FS9G+-IR[T[-U='TBH3;@Z*W(0&L7L.

M S[J=(U+=W03?R3%%V=

M-QB%#!1&[$H'*Z]GRI!F?R*+!&L
T?

M8U0
9:/+0OK
MSEOK9T[D6Y0U\'Q\]J:E;M'3/84\TX=V.FF'6E+@9HV](QUZHE.@A4T?+KI
MVUR:W]K7CU2


VL*
M
CH[*5.Z$1DF.CTCJW&H9791Q/]H1/2T=/TK-[-8BGNTUIR7UJZKYG;M6%9E
M45USXNOBV5\^

. L9G*@0PX


M/O+-T7\ _;#(-=:5E6:;9/O7C\QR1T2NP/OWXQ?P=\;DCLC.( R%_4%7:+
M2 
U..[LNO:5?9 63CN

MXY[4RMIQ?+;H_[_W%C



MBW
+6H_+1YI?0E93]PO]$=^CN98L]NW:6TJVZ
IZGJ2U:;QU-H_UTL2._A




E'+J@Y$\J=#30
#34VBAIZK)5]?E'1# Q


@1J993IR'\DF@V'*SE[8;23RTFFA
MR;U


C_.5% LXIA^
+


M\FD=3G\*5ACHU*H= ?2.I=O]22$=2-?;*F _%1&LZJI'[GZ5M]^9%LE!VCUW



#&Y2
ME(J!Y_

!]XZO08P6PC
._DRA\9K
ME

M8TV1BS05]!P7!BG ![:O4F(+_-0D*KB)=7:G::\C/ ).Z'!SRW2Z0]Q[SRO]


^%K[9
G 939
MK^^/
=7[Y45E/ _3Z
YJ8.K?MY:'^IXEXF.*\1

93
MV5



FRD/IS

ZJVX-)^Z8VGDP83G5IAP=DS/$KG 9]G1JP[[2DU0-[Y5IE9S:^?


M#7K@
[I]*&E7E6Y[]!
FJZ@(*7IV]QK@NVM8@9&M)SYJ\SS/&#
6@1?.CFV=





MJ?OF6](!.04[!DO.

AXR5?L[]2O2RFQPTA

;B() 6D&L3






)(%)@K[IYK52BKWTDACF.]&Y0XR]J81%2Y+\21'X/X

)29

@T=O
M


UE;MK':A)ZGO:^4[#2&Z.KP9R1L5U=AYOE
M]+2@DCZ NQ$7KU./7U]YT$?29(;#F4Y?


3EO]F!-R ^P7.UP!DXJ%D.EZ
M:B*N3%H+S8_&YN7-5W#+WK]##$3%$KM)_&@M'567A$%N@3.]RI=BN[$PH\0


VE0D
M<5


M_)V^&W-_Y)U((;%YRK1C)F?!Z,\5_\-/SFL_^
$D3N#4XJZF/[;+66F*JO


J?KZW
!+O5I:%89_EIQ'0R-)7X

M

<2G

MTQO/M+
**7P'=JCS/.?V]
?3BH!N?WBH5_'DWG[%22[X]E3D\#-5/PX/D4/

M7'-6':**C;






M(K8^8 YZ(V.#.

?9Z8%MYLM'

N/KNF YP
O_W 86(W(SOCDJ\-.

=BGT$_;PB9H*WE8]*47!]W;?YVY7

.*S:LZ1]
UJA.[=&O0[1S/9OD
M(

L!^R(P5
R]M





V/^58.F%# NSHY&Z@:B=NU^#

[O[@S+Q&XW5Q[)5AT)S#J^
:X X




EWTBQ
M#FU?\0ET8*)SF@Q+3W$B\?=N=L$3%
GQW_/FEYW\3V

3 \K^[N^FDW
MMB


T!
M?9\^$$MM]_:&Q4A[CRN#J1K[




GM1 EZS30:X%;N-*PIRB
NO%JX .TKP):WSV&

M'I





N.F6@(1O&C



9

)M5\@S\(1 ]H!C)V7]C
LH7BS'KT9VHD


M9.8%^3; XM'3J3
;H_)GX7[?/$-ME*:01V!HSR9/6RS5=4JTR:#*Q=N.*
M:!%;78AAB(@0#NT.4)8;U!ZD+5K?%TX[^ZT)/A4@^N#[




N

M8!_[ SP=!E
Q5K$$3=J8S)F[D_3.1FW)PMO)C

6Z0S!
+D8-T(A
MN@# '!QI!<:K?GO_RU_NU?] G3J2%+'Q-:_&!5GKG4S*AD]:RD
]&J?T_+S

5^)CE#((O



#0$K0]H5*[8GSW3
M'

?UUP#W(-3I9:?T:RO5;W]JNN.HBEC#1:/QFXUF


M?7W\
S./@#;Q?P4B6*2*^1M



MR$K5KFO /9AG_K(Y-/0U-BVA&!J!?ID_);S:N0E/%+9.?




MY(

MB%2RU'V2938E%CLHLP:X


MVM2#X@F)-XAE7Z9KG229H-SO28_'=L#307RR]=V'CW(!8E:R]9L];AE(^


J$


M;[O?

ME[BS /U[!J3Y$^LI@A%'=






THY0P-FW!M?[(ZN'X22VF-6QR$.;9+F8V75Q

E?(Y^




M1-$M0.68


@IT)OC%%+W-A109%4]=[SV!V+NHWG[(T7Z5TFB3#KGV





M:SGX+ I3LR#-89D?8I6[NAS9%%]1! *;/SC(]&

F+]0A[8WAQ^?/EP4][D:244V%-M;N'D

M\/_J#I TTO P
BQF


]OO.EVVA4#OMOZMG1/*
M))&S2P=2)Q;C$ ;8J_APK''OF1:#D2(G+O5$Q-D[TS%#SE**ES&E7YA






N0?ICL-1J]_5QDR2RY


%\IIYH8XGCRC%.)ME=B)^PWRVC^)Y?1TPX
M5BU!#9O-RU!X(BM4QJMY]D+^R'1(9K


M YB);U*9QFR#ME_VRE5'_8OD$&&8F:^= ^&J\/-7
DYR5OC/0] 9TM)J]?=0

ML(L@#S%U;/



R-VRC;:I6E
M@CAG\A(XGFN]_F:#N]/:0J78QD]YRC3FI=-H)4']@/3_A7MM%*NBO)]=
M?&BT
#I)E[QHK#RL[ZQ
4

M/E;


MX-RN\N/S]H
M@8O4*9\:L_P9 +QX0@7H


MH[ !\'2%=@2U\/EFN4MY=M

CP<@A\=.?$K9;?T3+E^6G Q?SF4K[YA9M_
M
*B6S

G4U.G==] P_3='I6487LHQ9P1.

M_E*[DIU]H

#S%6))F$_.&0O'C/

M \QC]9M\#H(
A


-[Q$)2V^C:=*2
X\6R!3H



M3X.




.OPM+5.2

MOF'V^E(4



MFXE-!$ND



M)#[V4\G6K_R9(MW 3_/O^%K?/76---?Y7#-& U+
X*S_'P!'0+B_ADCN8I9H
MR(9)6D)
@+

M$QL2Q&Y03C' ^0^PK&\7:SX8^ ^N:;XU^

MHI07[MV3Y79MZO3SU:

MD3E@%52P#;BW;I6[\7+[X

M'R*


='K_ 





M'4=R:]/'[??@OX?:7JMI\


FHRM=)M)VVNE


9SR
G-?
S:M(VR3S1'R0R




5+=]S.
.5:'VK_ 
$Q?A5?



45'I#[[%?8D44 7:^?YY!K7BG5+[.Y9

I


^)6NZA_:&EP:9XDM]'^PV=


1C.5)#8XK?D\=Z/@[I7PI_N'FMG1OC58QP&WM[;

MT9E6(3+O_?(N#@(O&?N



3DD^
)G)+![N;ECD\.16KHGP_G\;#DM!86[AIIO7U5?4_
MRI/_@^7QA\0-:O6ATTW$CR38ZEGSM7WY_O7_B5:ZI\-_!.E/;Z0T&F7LZ




3A=L<9Z!XT[\XR.XJCXS_;-M;R*

M;NX=I9KB9BSR.QRS



M


9Q

M::YEW/D[P;\3_#OCZ[ALYHY=)UB8%Q:W


1ZMXZU+_2KAV+S26=H
M 0K


*;DN;H?&U
1&G)0WD







MVC/V:_$GQ2\ W.FVFGPRZDN'MLSJ
.#D9)Z#UKPW0_AW\2/@'KEBD%IJ%W++





MP






M+^OO/8CA\'B::AAG::Z]6_Z^X]JD^$NC


MRHJX+#K\V0/3/6L:TX1@U-[GTW#N7YACL?3GE]+GE3:D]K*SOJWIK_PQ\I?

M$$@
RQ


8QP:]@_:H\)^&M5^%O@

M\;B0#_@*H:=5SOR3E?JCGR.EESHT\RP.&5%S?LYP^?+;U3L_-7OTMF:AX/\

M.KE4)_NJ\38]/
Q7U'XR\01^)?\ @G_IMPVUI+=;6S/'1XK@1Y]N%'YU\Y_!

[+*51)5F(DYY9F1.AXQUYK6


+








#V]C=.BVR2#

M_P# ^1YW#]:GB:V)Q
%I*22?=)6



M*CN3UK
L;G3[.Z0

Y4HQ'(
MP:]$TO3#']A618C#&BEH7('F2'@GW()(YK@-02:^NG=(9)3@EF'.3U)KO]/:

\ CZUO4ORHPI6YFC4ODCTNU-NT;)-&Q!MQTVLI^9

_-+(Q&5

?PC/)'\ZYXG3(YVUU-I+D?9798

\=\UG'2(8C=%JVA$;
Z





!D1FDR6V#&
D8
M8]
\8^E-




#-N8+@D-
MD#YNGY]:_:6SRSR
6L4CQ6[<'B20#[WL/;^==W\8KA]2\97,$2D7$42QQN%
M.
9(SZDD_E7F





&_.S







MNE4G.HW#^-L')^E;UU!]K1GV


RIC*




.J1*&




'/&#W

_;4*7$@F9
JI4$_(JOMZ_-5RT^'7@6:9U






9+:SD#B34.$PT@8\1A@^!@

1HB#:H&
8I5+2




OA
MZ_8[?*O7Q$_NDGW2/8X/M7*?'.S^(5C:V.M?#?6)I$P4ET^VCCECE4C(D!(/




%A$VH&XCDYX5BR]

MYT
]LX\D

@C ;;6V_

M29\EN8I&Z
OI]17N/A'PXFDS-J$:['O84:7;PK''7%5_'G@6'Q7I;Q2N()5.




MATOZKT._





M:OD[XF_L

M0\0Z]JUOEK*WNXJQ,1C/*
X.
DFN=8:K.?/)6N?65.




M&2[\07EZDMS*TILUN&$:*3D+CTKK-
'5-?T%]T]UJ,0
MVMYQ8-N7CU' '3%-\ ?WP[\)8]1A\!Z-JTVMZA'Y$FIZG_RQ3/;@#CKP.H%

L;4IU*4ZTG&H^:2N[-]
MVMFSEK?POK*V



M


P]-N

^++Q<@&W0V]OGWD<9Q[JIKY

_\26*^=HH[#13Y;N
9(DN&.0
=3E5QVIPRC$1BJF)D


MDECP!G&*H:5\
[32[@77C6ZO9-9MX[K4KSPC!$XO9K2#S$):YR5C9YHP@ #'


/VW4F8
M\G$8.


&N]!UB





MG_$[QO\ %26$:]=W-W:0QF6VL8(O*M8HQ_$D:@*![XKQ_4-!O)+C;%97#%B5
MVB









N+
JQM;
HXRG#VD.3E2]W1WZJ35T_)^3TT?&_M9:)8Q:G
MX?U$11_:[A9(I\8!=5V[3^I&?2O#(H?+5E+?*Y
KMGD?+\JCT'&*Z3XA^-]8



M9T6)MD@&7;'.T]?J?K7BGU/4BD!N(H\JRC:S;6?:H'!(SWP!BJ\WE
RB/!0E


S
M7!3  56*C;NYSNQC_PMWKH=)\.PV+6S:E,UKE20,#SOH![YJ:XU;2M!D2+


XJIY

L 
DCVS1J&A+!9P2



CG
@_PH.JV 4YDC'/'+
?T%=__ 
*E
\K?XT<H<QYE+J\'\$@9?7I5237(E;[WZUZ_#\
M
_#4/32HV/\ M
Q_K5R+P1H

M?

MP;LG)
6J7D1//.UOYBC4-#!75FN#_K2GU'^%-62XD;(NN/\ /M6G-\'[M.;?

M&GA1W7Z-]X?@:Q/^&$?A[J&EV_EK?6
CH'+173-@D9Z-D5V[:+XJMY46?3;J


(7)_S^_P#CO_UZZFBM$DM$

PW);_T
&OIN


M2D()U*UA\P6XR





M2
GP]8Q1I-

LW.GRQN



MWEX]Z^DP]'V


M&K$=JFW.W./6D4#=S5U8PL9Q0

MVNO#.IZ5K\'A]D26W9I+U[7S&)#* RC!.-W4BONGR8Y9HTE0.CG:RMT(/!KB



M^_0^N

ML/[=+!398F







MA^H=LM2 *8?WP4&#H@






_F1


)(% CH


MS%_




S=]E!
ZF112
@YXK!D/)65A608?
M)V1(-:2M:;5QJ
^%C;AO&[.*3C98L'VE:9]!2V[^D2W5%#7Q8%EP5M9.')O!

#J

Y
ML:[70-DX#+U#
_^*C1V5
P#_5.4-Y353S^5@#S

MA0SD2C:]Q^P\

^=SMSPZ*Z1+O_B 2EB]3 TS;5HY!?AT-IC60C8NA0
M.VBYU)FK%I'+R*KBITHE8(#TI\]N9@E-^/DO--CXM2ZL -K_^/?^Q:$L.!8


MB



(Q OG#YO)9-*&7B995 !TGN*'B5QIL,1CI/TDS*.VKP\GKSRF]NY*2S
M&PG(^=<DDP $;%=&<;=1+-K(!/[98:H2O9@4S8%'.Z6Y:&[C]JY&B/3(3\#

M4&E*;M

M%:@.-M?6



?*# 1UGQ
M$M#7_YJWH_7;AL' _:UC4-\1]?S\@& BZY_'RZJD-3'_1;X1ARK(K'?X?H?^

M13L_?L1

LK[T^F06MI4]_FZA




M )R&V[@

MQ]B:23










MXWS


4)\K
VFD4




_0]0GMAVE(]%+&V
5'4:W$%R\RUBTS*

-#1=
W\E@(:( R9



MF&




VF2L\


-G#D3.
MG @?JLPR


]E#L/F;N2OOQ#



MH:JL-X )TYK^()^ 7PJAJ@+E^(Y]^$8'S=X$UM+Y!C#7K1[5U=+.3?L II?E



MR5YEK_5?Y^P-;8J&!7@M32U
 88]#
!%^A] VP*XC3V#+GL!7@#]8*#- B;



MGK[)B9.F9N86EO9GSSDXGG=R]O#TNN+MX^L7$AH6'A%YXV;
W=BX^'L)B1F9

OSY^*MR\='EVO/3!BP_Y6+8$_&3
M@&\ODXP&



MV^/_98G*M0^4X=EDQ-HD8O#G4#.6A Y? J+7G2\PU 4AO(Z]X.HT8^P?H-++



MC
=8[*T;$&J\TZ


NO33#(6\;ZEXRA$12;21=
'
G93)$7_LY

!CP%%+0X/@&U:!+%G(QP2N2!3G0*+P5ZK8TXS#9



M\QL9.UW1N%_BP_YNK8AQ\X?R(@W@1'0Y[03%T1WI#(0=T:4+#;2YHV^&WI:$




M)%.R/X&%Z!T+DRJT+EO7O:W;DJCQVO2EF]GETGMZWF&V_4^Y)UI120C13@$R

S#IUQNG=&*UL.8-OGN)(W
M2994K@89B?8@7=M
+0[ US;
M9T%VO$/^NJ2TTG!5L<]V0YG<WJ<M35D.YV, HH?


M$E!^



IF#WYM^7('2=;/HYNO
M^HFW'(/HRZLN6OQO 7ZI[EM:;BO8H'M4!O#Q\[EU*#?9X_EZ=GC.B-
%-U]'

M OM]T\.[-:?H*NA%=/G\]'X3






M4_FWE.20QNX\((3*8:68B





M=H/KV&

XH=N

T2(UZ *9=(ZF#8#D^2.+5Q

SB41*CH$
MR8G




XZ)/]
M;86+_W8JLI$I:[




MTUH4+E6XDC\2;S\$*D%[AD ]&1IPY9@ 
7QTAP


;QY3^9\5J[.Y5ZSSWU!'H%XE^Q/3OI_#-=4=]!64/5
M!6#N^*';+ D&QKY+[N+6SU9KZXV#]'V)H^A+X;N.LH/B_3

F[LUC =@VU@Q1-W.IK MRZ4TC
TR(68+$PD7=02UG_&1<8YYBC[382Y3+&^RC



[20=#63]P+'Y?F

G%U-=09V*]%=50PF8



M2H*S:B9X.. 81/UV#RKIIF




MO.F1
0(^+
W907B?+OPKCS[JNUL6[)5\,A J8]=]YW]LPF1V$=C#&_1,I*R
MER?)@NJ+?6C5$J7#7;0*(0))FW3K!T1\H$*' =UVUU;$QS$6$H8 G^#@\]
MF@!1SQ.^_DD-4;RFQ/C](UTO^1U6.(P(W;X2-.#R$]H[]HP5JFFHM(MTJ3+


B5

M!H!DNN//TH-#?A*N!E3#H!%3)8O0F*!.2*1!I)_&HGHBG!5OL)NO0U#1/3PZ



M6L;4J#
LNR6




*C+C8MPR'@1RN:;&Y\3VJQ!:7NM%_Y.
M4.E!H'T\@Q'7)


M!
CTB13C!KN!3;&BLG\E^9N51/99M03Q1J82OQKS8GHQ

MC&T3*F-&1[(CP^SJVCT]7W:&B4YTP2WH8^1

MH3#


M-IY

Y2*61NT1ZTHM!4%7!T==(9IA]


^

W^S





2W2@+4
Z/:7Q.;#M8*.FAJ79@99(_=


M3H%11OKVG\U

M&0JO-L^@XKXY-9P=#S/7GAY7-1Z6GK+:%\JT7\O4@Y^7[U&F[]$QI!'=N1_1


M4TPGEN7


:7&VJ9
Y$A-J@65=F*+QG]A@-71 %TX71^J^*WF8+ZNOK1

BQ^Y +4(-0EBC_1G:ZU8#K@.8_P2YOFH+)O

I








X?O7GU4TV0BO& ?%)D%%.Q07


-C\7(C]0+

VFBTY^6X'/\

O<&=+$D@[8=%@%8$S1&ZT83SI?'C!9&=GW0;1ZO?

S






:73S&1L*E!8F

MUU

S=1C%3
=&N5!T@*[1BXS1+CA_T/2/


/1&%S4.PT !?+J@1!0ESBBK;OSJ(*[M
MD(XI\-
RF/PAE8)KY;VAJ3W)(=7]PN!^SU$9I_
JB0S?$211T*-W01H/(?.A





M]%/: _D[6)05NQV::OW:+$\&B



M2WA$L_3





(%0Y@[G<^M/C'N .=3C/Z 4
M.)*R]P-SS]^U:.TO8<AN.=Y]9H5J%?]JB1-Q[C#@@S;9VU/ H+_MPFE+;I_
MY_A



LHTI@OR^Q-_.<__(/\W(O\?$]#_DZ[WCZG[;S4W#M(%

=+_(2'YCYKBOS8^_]<0._(M0A

M(_ +4%ZR61_:?4IWD?H
N1.\WJ;M?-9F2]Q)(@UF2P
XVJGL6HO5!KHD03 (

L!Y=D2K9B%?G
..R&/&:AUTVE/IZ.*BFV'B;F&(+!'ZXMB#

M

MKJ*4JNPD!V;TE'H_S+?T6-H'SB]FS#J
0
_X5-M@(WK3&*D?W#F^(9.@/#H\
M4.OQ@-V[



M;*Z
[U@@)M9T1]16MRX\R7!J\\P0//AQL^8#&*3_+E)+KB:M4%[\84M;Z.((


MZ&L+9;6






ME^W]385
$\&):Y&/B/X&%7OS1+].E(X=







51*\LMWK


1SWF!R9Y[^$73JR*A-
1
MOH2%9]^KDJIM&/?U[S+N:=VV;@%))#/X= [/4_B;MK.=G'CEUM2OBZA[E:RY



/'X*S/% W5KR[
0MY

M%?59B@9@QZE78E&;QT@ZKK4N[C
2KT;N:YZ J]9?A=N-/X3Z!-W2/5%5TZ?.
M\L;HH]FBOWW:6\N50.AER-27CPR*&SW82ZGY[G%5]/QG;)Q;=9W$#.]UW




V0G-Q]#
B?CIQ!=%C3@BA[4WZF3R7AQZJ/58Y_-2P2#$)G17!H0



M_'71G05




M@9K().O1XQQ2-A8?'-ZOS?1G&5JHROEFD6NSH-YI'QR09*&51;42D@:BRQIU


20X2Y8;_D
M^T.6?7*IUX12@NS;9!8%+88B;='31]]!:W')(76B$3:8-,2JJD*,&L-+YF

/PX1H\++P$%F(^R(OZ [

RYD+^ZLOTI.^*?2
XB



HU_J_(? L&.:/CKFCRZUJ2HS





M[:#05YHIKSPC^=Z Q9FO'\D@!,+-?KD)1.:50NT_2@I.AI5I V)R!L_CH.
M_*H0+@K

\D^/A'


M7R5B(/1(^^8P?UA'/*B+V71-\JF3J0U






=F9% 5O1O;D.\.7J5V(N








MJJHV*0+.$BLHJ1@A861K

M6-L2+.P$=*749OWGE%;VFL'BB*O+!&0@?H.NCN5X^9UAXK%9U*.\@VXEG1
0
M533%N@]?;U.Y5@'KU^VL1ORJ



30C=9)1U3TA5[D
YALN%F%F'T4^
MS5L=/ &!G







M@#*EJ
WS9[%[_


P



DCO[IOO%=
M5EQCY(!2B=FQ1K^R_L)OQPTY3V^Z=8A@X?+SD+.^\@\LV5JYZ89?ELB0DE-=
M


M9/$X1@(%@N9GL0RR-+L\44=GH^9N$?H.
UB.U#Q\( :7%)'J]5*( N]LVY


.Y]T9/0=*3N;H4
M5?_8@=(34*KK1)U]!S^-^)L8XP6U*R91 =9_USPFZIX3$*L
Z03T0V(Q]P14

P\@WQTF\3E6K9+5DI4PY^S=J*O$RL3Y42LQZ]Y9VS[BD\+'CR*^K

ORNV<
)$4
M.M7^9W5W17@K8ODNU5T/OO
5BFE=_GRLV)O^J3I/Y3FW2&K/\7AR0K3;


6]TK&^T;*X6IS[*




M
RHW;C-?^<*OGC+UIU
M_64RUY\R+\NB_J+)D]P?#36%*CNN$&28.\OC\BRY/-BY/\3A
M2N4:T
@)4H


W*!?ORW5N
(9
M*+5DQ448FT0+-


=D:


3G_#?FUZ+?
M(Q3A
. 50K7;*(D(&V;$#JTRC=Y@33U;YE&?NX^X^G;B]L3?^6&[+CH7 C
MRI3R$:Q _AV8(' O$E4HB?LA+L79#

+FHLT0FLT
MSZ-_8

52T
M/OS8IF!O4^%NT-YOE217_B%SS%'P80$PB*ZQE!8CIP(@1U85\ZOO07GUQE


W

0\_S/-:^A2H7YPR41)ML3[^SB9YN' 7 DF

MMI-]VJ8AT3%5C4_#M/MK^ON%M.I*

+I7[%4#G[KR!0R4



XYFAP
M0'BYPL8A;]NS=E?/P6Q']W

IA?-!(58UI9<I7








M!;53[CH[3%W?D'$S2E:



\WV2EK['5'@]LJB.\?)
W*114]0]5)/S

D!'SM(
MA#;E


MH1Z?%01CK(D/KM^/W\@BY
_.#JP-GV$(AM\]=U/$TF-(X=%BZ&?]H-ZQ^*+K

.F-\K$Y

M U7$'Y0
LCR2$I'GVT'6*DH_-+
+$YU[F'Q/642=SN_H4^FNZ/JM[OF\N/9[
MJ !/+9$C@:TY5(








MQR#UTR)CYUN[-S7H]'-Q


P

!$S*?

+

/V%/Y2H@S!!A!?YL-??^



B/8\D
X_


MP'XOYJ46+


M?OIGR0UV+7
0?7;3V1?_V_7D/]/*1!KI, C<0G=EQ2KQ0M(XG E?
9!^%[&


6E1SR-







'F#G$KS6H\34!UW


M!2T4B4W&+JYV=Y[;4Z6A*S=_FWUXY-)5@U0EG!H'IQHNSDY#IDUA855=F#'6
)S&<<;&?(PREC;I
'$+;7;(6!C
MOY;X8P'Y'#K)_/4$Q BF]X7AJ+N^U9Q^7ZM3\N^_%!\IV[U45Q/M2?.[^V\?

M.Q= E)W/G&?-896#&RW9B(%



=%
MOTA.=7L
E\C/M/D4Q%

*[/^DPJ&\;+PN6%OQQC1OXU^UH\:'^6)GK5[W]7\3_




M'E*D+9TBXYHX+F5^N#-Y5

5MI 
 MIW:GZK/

0%JA T!(*M X3N7\.F\ .#T








MAMK/=3



'%P)GW%VQ-XB1YWV@Z;H]]N



A5I$-
MQZZIA3QK_?I879SC BD\\

M1O@




ME5BR/GZF\ 3T9OS-YQ.0EM$J


WXN6+M]MH:JQC5+

MGEGF9!@@.+%YEJ?-\BX6$I+%Y&7L1FOQA3(1ME]$OU)I
R3V4U%H4I.8
+CV
M#@ET[]2$^^/P!
1@DYG^V
ANAJP/?3E;Q&0PV(GQ!

R+334A-MVVNLS(

*B9H7J
M 4F2B)\\6_+FLF]T%[



T@5L3*WAHT^

M.H6$D.V-U./#:

O++]RE(7^Q?6Z1&U#91T\KWA?WV!]RZA &

M3:M3Y #
E6XM=\<OC?C9EQC<8@;.8BI).
M)7S%5\7F@,WV,[X\J77/GQDMX++X8B.NCD+LVA.S)@V)%K4 ;=X:]VU.6:6


J24-_;F



M&*4]




MVJF191MV/%# -%@UDVH$)G9U9N)Q7[*.S]I-1QA2JF3BK\SU+FQ/#BY@Z@A4

0^6'Z:




M0K+!^I99$0_


[#O)I7'G!7:UT^/B5JS+_L$






MO_3T]N;6:/98W@6)*.;XR;=6ZS_+4]UR+KW.B\H;9%#/7-W7?6G_HSCU9T..
MKYW&%P)U9(VF:*GS@M2




MK&TL)Z#(1TQ7E9^T2=[Q9^
5+(!(

86KS *ZJT_
G\&[6O
5Y

]_P($ LG]U:(8#)0EJGW1G0D=
MF9:^M+4T

M7_'MZGB./9S77!Z-[/B=/M&IKVXS<O7WZ^+%@\7MPYLS?&\O,$5F_:82/
M)TY2

E(U%-QN/WM0O7WLQ_


M]:1GU/

M$8:'!Q


M(]
VM.>V8

MXWXG0NA+=Y81QCGY*?2FK.@]B2=:I+[VHS#_PP&;L'!N12N+[7OT.TFEZX\F

M/IE0N6!
K

MELGV:$=+.*) 




^X9U:3D!<
G?%;?=GI)<' J7C_$WN+[C1V5O1XI?C3X-I
M 7]^5CXVKRFCVJ_=O? KATKB&I1OQY&&'F#SZ<5R5&O%0IPMK!A$:[R2$\O
M_9)N
?4BVK^P*\D
RV
4TEMDO
AQ;TWA[OWVA



M_59U/49#L\T(+9[LD$5$QR5VRF+6
_WI$QA?^QK)*GV6==9_)(0TQ.]8=E



M2=;D*NTCGYA$@U#





MS
FXSW7QW7F^W*1#B1)=LO&JDVG5VN!DR$(C#WO9RV9L%^ZX
9-O8E_!S)+I

]3K%7'F


RT9
 &Q(
KXR






MA[GWCFJRV_I%HZ@H5:776.BA2._$@( @)2HR)=0'J DA%IM5:9$N($2I



+K5C6PNY'J$Y
MKYUJDA\D/V0^V<?RMN#B@XF)5, _GH?I_UEO#_F+[0JDX +-3%%:ZIF6/<#

QS+^EBUUR%T*ML


[9







/MM5KH:)K5E9]KN2RCO:%


ML(W99M;%AI)=++^VI#'63WXS@S=;C3V&+DIV+^39

M'[T@WJ$2VJ+Y+).2RP=]-E_/5NP[S#US(O*NSC9L8F4?/M3XCS5K6RBR
/S'



Y']E%50(;P=


MRJ ']G:U2SXR^
U7


@6\5%:?^JMWONK-HG6'V\8=XXGHX* 6 06:Z[7K]^%1T0C#1=.$=1

]J*$






+R;D,E*_UX8D- 37RS&(M
M_'$G7!Y?PMJL6E56+E5[


F*Y?OBB4\C0W3[!B?8+YR_NPC@.!Y


W]-T&
MN)6V6.RB--HUZ67C*ZVD6!N%%5KHW%GTGI9E9U+'X*NC7' U_-*?#+[5W^X_
M6Q%B*'/V#CXV.1)OHSD=P'H7W9
=X#O3E420&-#YXK&K._LWT)93L9^V$YQN


QWBKU_FA[V2\YQO3AV*MKW:)



Y2

M[-VN@
@+E7.ZC'EG7N@

CY4$OLR]834 ]


M

RWNSVK# P3#5F2J!*OCF1!%'
@BILJ6XCB4.Q^G AB%532'5/

+=8G7^'S &.$0
M1J #B)](
B[0H?%)K[:_2][UDT9709HM0FK XWY
MU?H3/-*FRT#I^:!Q

M2U6W1NS#5GY
8/BT61!3FKB2C98%=JX9*





MH7HW:_'C+Y_]G+2^?:4V:B68Z=*?INST2_Y\6FR:%FM'!H+R[W0C;7]\.9^3





MHM^+&_)X7!A__






U0O%?MO854'=(E^]8-3%XYOF
M=+:_IW8\77C7TH:L/W!0FU9[I/0_5S




HD!15(Q_V#NB0GN0
MZNB$'G'EPF


'8

F;65/U&MA05%2 4*N.Z/)D4 %=[/0

R=OW*<0*3PO9*.7-F9E:;::-M(_K;;/$Z!3
MN8/L1OU$??3W35!
-2EFH9.T'8R?F67?/#.4/



M5KX]DKP#73G6HZY8KC]S I\)C)VHLS69RON-AMZX_I
JF=-N=$ N@:596D/5
MM.D2&VA








L]-
M]8NDW0#Z-SE5L=W@6V

?D2)KE

MV:B8%]*/;-4B\





SA6

M0($+:98E+XAR60=0Z*Y!D)%^KV()?M*W7%.S:;UD\JE6  2$&2N*C_RB=12Z

M-3W2XV:DHZ6!N;Y]T=/96C?[2=6*RLW:27R:H*CI5Q#H#RI4-O8(
OY=(C]V
M]


M[+B)EX\;QSPIH'+;6\%^LAFA)8.*S*\K*Q:_!KPQ/Q1SZ;*+L:_2N-'MG

M'9!G;\M1[[?M+-)-T*




V*?JWO'0VY3:U


?X9:VMGHP)/Z4K#QX8B[;]3 OY:I [H-$@4<_9U #JE'N/?86C



MG;ZOH*\&L'K/SD(;S06MV)








MH:A%;(Q)C-RB)_'HGKOCR+/!_#MT@ R[Y^!H &-%B-WY&QY
MK8WWW;S1R4J




MJ=XR

%^:. F7A#:9Z(3-A#&[

M0 %M_W8!'6 \MQ*W[W4)Q^IC!KVG23[O


A%2&=$

?H3R

![2^H112K
M7=AM*BH !

9[;]6L[[TBVG?4:U44IG)I]K*


3J7E-)&-Q!.L
=@


_AE*&:)9/:FBD/O0(K=
M23^

MA]N@:O6$(M.
7[QBOGH]W5QK#TPAE4OJ#NRB?6Z/GG^IU? Q=7BK;W_@-=7Z




MUNKGB?^H:E07+%WG?^-[=N-&Q07R36C*]4/X50HC03?C);DO04
$_5+[Q]NW

-9^
MLW^U=T8DPSO@(^Q01X]] 3ME






6AKR-R4JE'WU
MKQK %)$6*SZ8WJ&XM
Z?N!DHB.=DWPDU^'$TX<!(X .^RP#53MWV@
M/
BA.BF#F'M WD&-
$XULI^B

MJJ!R[8$V4-K9%Z]=XO4$G5GBGY%+P@MNP!+D4;MQ_HWE






'!(@U


M\UBF7ZL]\8JVUQG0Y



M=O+@WI::&CZ=J-0C_;P






?%

$J/.$9B)\O#!XF(FJ!X
MV U95+Y'$'\8,F*#<BTF. @7MWDC[9GTWAX+-\XV?+UZ^5R][(^/GS ,]&;
M&


MY_I'?&9WWK*4-DP0DHCW2


8T?).I-ZGY
*_MMWS8
MI- +KD.Y.)TKCLW@OC\/VLWB5RSZK'=]BX1MR^\4_SZL1(E4\&G;I^PIV!4H



M4U7HLL8;NZ)L

M-YFVZX;O+5=H[!Q66OWQ;43&(5P'^5CI &[$?%XN!SZG8$:IO%];=BA.



8^AXQJBL^


X@
1]O
MS)8($M (6)+HLJJPL4B;

M
 *;G+VIIXW

1Y+&N= 4





O^\)H8%K!QE6

O4C
NHB
$3(\6YM&J%S
H


M+JK


M?


M5[4J'1*;F3TE


=G):+UN//_Y$2H].X8Z)


;7V@T@HTB_806A0SEKSJ^C?B@%_Y7^B ?_S#/Q#\P!K[
M[T;^<][T;Q.M5N[W,T6:CCQ-P03)O]LRO*(H^U0SA FP]N<3XC_^4/ /U!G^
MDX5+_.N!?W_\F]$?DPH]^N&Z1DEF[#.=#DV2+_^T?!F\X\$0_E_?=W_;B0C

_3IB-]]\/\
K&9\VG:O+?E-SO.+?L2CDP\(?*H2=
MU;VA/6_

X=Q'CC?R_61$-P[/X9NG0EH]*C)WRIL
MSG1=^$_#UZY0\T6Y8V3*28%DM

MHS;(L9


)GYLP1YFB_<8^9E2,B);PA]U1P8@M5E<$1@L*IKUL
M53P^_D03 FK$U47+*C:/?_0S9]$YD9&'&<Z9C1X' DJPG'ML1@8%D01%(TWE
MC3H/Q$T5)1K$8$?%&;_;^R]=T!36]8W'$6D*KV7J(@=*4I)2K218K22R@B
M)0(6D!82BO0F74&(DB3WD1*I(N(2!
!@22@%(2E7 T[8OSO#-SO3-WWGN?
M;YYW[KV/?YP_&OO?5;[K;7.V6=M.N3X)]/3WZ)
\K=/@X+Q2 H#W)
&BA%%
M+=K3
X


M6SU%OS^
!&1IH

S4)N^^^LH\[ (

F


N8?MAG;-&MH'I_3


M&X5EWQ01KH_1WB\@/][1^:PAM+




DVE%S?


4?9 :#^47N:VDY?SK%P(5I9X7]A[Q$X
'JES]Z@OB:.4)
MH2971]AV$?1W8X08:O2Q)&ZK1)K$?W




M_=/

CIF@64=\Y)
7;#;GY&U8M!X2VHT!04&/+7#?N^+^YUR]+C#[VYR^J
MOA.+)7I2457,T\2A2CC,-!=UZ%9TVUMMY1-B\C_I227N0+HX2W9Y3ELTM#9
M0;;!;T?!G0




+'4

\7EYYK
M AO=
6DBO*YZ804A3&LB6%F.W=0A9_&&4;0WVTC28[^2\$J8O7JOZ2FJ9GE3
MV![=\VWH)D45%\E8#06WN*N


DV0@7Z)D;K@K ;XHP$)B.7H


M:V[.Y/:@IT6(%_$TT%HTKS Z#7+!G]L[=.%&52#+V#B5^ZG$C&H8?_:+(6_%

;DF\-=;:VQ/ZAV?O'AC-)

;RHY2_HXV$]M]EE^2-8&
M[#!F
=?5A3TC/EO7M3S.



GTGYU3
M=F(0+$Z



M;#8*
-Q




\
MTP[24WRK?&*354WK;=/SLP

NY#SKM==I*@+B

8

6_K%/4BJ]'R7UQJ:1/;$



M&JA4.6/;C09:7IN

M F7::SO7TG;5/\3X[

MYGV$L^ELSX5UO!
M$I[]?GJ#+T+PYAP1-NC&@;7R&KA
+=XC+:'X>'/PY885
]5#^')]K]2600

M^7:1@6O=]'6443TE#HW!M:J\+YY 8QXYL\2NW]\=[$(I5+DM83!PN-K*!!2J


MN.TUK\$L'?


6U'

E]&+71

M1=X7D&M%TTJ]X/47E 




:Y:X.%UD-
MV
1[]D)8J H/D[!S4#/9

NR\73
0F;)AU'8;9XS





SQED1[WTG_6D@%O'2=RH6AO'X
M[O&0&MZS]S+4]%RS53_'@'ZZ-_PO^\-_=HRU['SES]I)FC-U_!Z+F#\]\7^F




#%NU


MH8&8O)









MO[]\_8] ^&=![3]436'S!
)% WFG ;(CZU:$FGYZ
=%U&'Z.)*?8X\\(^Q1\




^KEXD<A^8\
[X*=?\2Z/Q#Y[SV6_-[G


OGS=XTP&\OK\ETTDIJ-YYD$#R9L.<3I:FMB




M^EY+#3?&4T\'AN]R%+^_GPCZ2 




URBO!'XN4KW1)!W[[- 1O2
M0*C\!3*;#P3+- 99?K=-MY.99IF[[,A?._#YE)9LJ?WJ\4O*(U=/;TLY-O5P
M[YZ?SYY\];-!HR/7@%_^D3WB4A? _*^KP9D
MU;
 [6?;P[Z#;-K)-. T'4
MT0#_!+*;HQ@Y

M3/\64_C7(R_OG&JP+%U 276P^$953;8Q
8_/V-5S]\WST@@N-_'E.:Z
XC


M]^. PD./:[TWKAOXBAP2V-
F6?B [C0_V0#QPSI^6
=_U#I*D/?LWL^\R'E5



F*

MO$8R[Y1EZ[
O)Q]#SHCTOT1VR4$P]\$-T%@JMX]]%;J[)NWK\&:DEB=6S
2I

MHF8$$[6A,MCD2GI3%;E6

4V=;)
(

W%!U



D\1-363SLX3MA'J40.R=AN5A:Y$


[0FB@?M@$#82E



-E.*1^%7$?\_

M_WQ-

$#_B+[][U2;G?TVF2^)RK)XK7SE:A?I



_FL9^P/$/./X!QS_@^-?


Q9Z^+\K<9QZ&W3SB
M]0.*[:Q1?TG9$H.;-[9H(.\YT=/$N@K#2XI*AM(2%-

M;9P8_ '%/Z#X!Q3_@.(?4/P#BG\7*O

R^$&F8K(6# ?K\+1






M
*2R$%2V:N.]BU/AQ)N/QUB+)-DSYVN^;ZCP:V[YWB*'
&I=Z@2A%JXGU5
MAG@+971&@V1.?#(YT
=K


;OSN5'F:%@V.GSC3 ;OD6

5?/.

M



M%E.J
E6NL(0EVWLWM))W!*5G\_UE!=CUG^GY\PB=B3$=F564H!SV#LR^
Y\Q

M-3K!4S?X8?ZQ\??05^U_AJYR
















P]EB7!JXSC-+:N8O
V$FI0GNB$@N9



M'=7=^V##UMYG9@JC+ZOS)D*/Z^=(GFLY$H'^L)BHQ&%/*4)Z^^_T1N%M.1C(


#U5/ ]

M(FIS[G*
Y?TU$L@.KR%45PLU@!2.D;Z1LC@!I^0-%X?.-S997M;5__?1.^
M#]2'B;0)5_I\%3H:;18'_G)8Y8M
M(
K)1\9O





./9







M8HK

/2//T#?/%&;B





MN.1\WK=K4

MWMJ\'1]L





MDCM/C



MV+\?\2$DVL=@&TGF













M\!!V?9(N;G,CFAK_EG\9H])TI!:&%LF9_BV^GMG_JL@CB9?M/XP:\B=$.G


M(+MXT'YHT9$J8+9+.

R0]ACH7?ZLSSR2=Y6])QJ






]




6/&
W/]C@7;_*N[+*O?N?#L:M

M4%DB%SEF3'!

H950E53;VUS93?9






*

MAU)^GGGT&=()P4H^




MQJ53(

KU1'Y!SGWR?X!TJUS3N4'68?G[Y5
M[2(5EZ-XX-JC@;K.$+H1:5#IT5$(SH$;X45V[8?X;7)22A?-NAPT9GL0DH_D


2]#$F!&DI0F\]'SDB\8\&PI!K(^1=#M


M&
4!NS=3*BUZU@P(NAOAZ9WRHL;[OHGJ^)#LVY)''_WEWN7HRWTTNKZQU)!Q

M0





PZ;]

1MGO']\4V^+0&AL'%&65'7\TU
K
MKZZ


M#POI

?3103*?L8WQ07PKW]*G^O)+R&3]W


Q#ZC:P$E\4']H[^.T







MIJ
-N\F!))0NXV4V00G+Q77-A\\\IROM6$R_:2R'01APD6W9N6@
;;@X&#




:HU/'-.AJ?FU!E0Y'MF7DN!#
]M7N7TH5KL:SGV_T/7/![2MZF)-*M
M 9P&;C(@L@@$1@SKVPZAY\J)










#9Z














%_


M64-I97P1#QY5%PL^8E2P A?


?UTKD
M'$H



M@)(D6:;[/:R5Y8UDG?-N4!*Z:(K S_.4O0':?H)]G[M-)-I]/@P@GYX!4Z
_
=;ZU9BD_Q$C5?RACS8DT]CQ^IY.)T.6(B;*&@







UE/%V54TY6/
M
0WG#+;




#VCRY1#1\1I@;/@ U)0X3!(=




(


\E34
@7!@]J#N3_$$;Z-W?
M1!0/L(Q-#W\#_+G1.Z^4:-VWI%5)
R!Y@_-?O?SB&S%E1[DPKA*LYLC'8/_
MH88ST$AA(/L:)6\H,\:+GSS:5'?80].1_=!6ZLAI(N?MN6=[N9E =$U2]EN


.
A

JUWUBX!267G12[JJ&U
M;Y=R5JFWA<E3RZ)=+L3==5DY!E@<.J$S1SSQ*KZJ6Z_-+HLRH@VPQ]T6DA'

7P5__D ] 3A(-!4];U(



6F?;Z08/*_!V)#Y;NUBS@IMZ_GG
O^FH



^.U)EYY%?Z/@_M32[8^N*[@+)[AW-R&FD:.!1ZI4:IB

M%MZ*MK^Q /9N:FH3

D_XE@W


3Z


M76PU95R2*O%H'C

L;3*


M 36O&T3J$'W Q^J1])4&^;@-XZ+;F.E2*@D9-?WJ@/:&_TM;G?PZ;-NP



M[927[;&ORK6K2%ZH5:X](FVG(F3#?:98L #?W$ ZAA+A^+


+Y[T/]::E#

M$DE[.%FZ:-LWG;WGJ?6GX6

[4P

M@#7/.S]]?Y+KMM'B1-S46H#!RW\5;ZU-%W7\+V!17H?HPZ#+X)]784XTO&
M$

ML+0#D.SANB6@;;NK341_#%FTD5HQ,JA3,E W)D0:2/&)+ B4[X)9MZ7H=S


]%'T#CL9W

M]PJ7YX3^W=_A#HA"7V;ZYCG7BJ5]SL?*)J%


MG8?%N?[(02I


=P_&)%T%
3[W845:LD:)7W[X
MA$B!: ++$)9R+?OCA-G^A4E;/^:TJ3M[M*W8(^F+^?Z

:\AP)=

EY@[FL'G



C-W0(T/B2OR3H#Z42(
Y]$UH=4?FJ\[)M_RY1<:XV#6]
67.]/X@

MR5^;NU8Z3X1D3SG]G63R##8@%XS135PQK=T@LOEQ,.QZ8QD@E2+JC#R&C?


1D6'VS0UO/

M+G;54@1[+# I15S8YDC

_'+^:3G[U5B5'PS


M



0
M(YC6Y41,,&SE^@DS3R.H-DG(BCU73<0\K$[[[UY_OT(VW
]1K.=8TJ3\G0=
MO'[
:^=!Y&D;UNL=0PU:P[OG*"5S2I!123,6*54' +$+H1:2/R2['/P?O

5;UOF!3[S';(2B@
9-.%QB;F.\'PT4F1_[=CN8HZ']&V3(II67[
5MD^7




MRH3

M7.)D[7TTH-A!%W.GW3I!55A1H+ZF6+@O*JBBL;#C$Z=5F+L2QF\BOU?=8 QW

MYKX_7@BN\/](OK5.ERG,$HY[,;;.W=//3_WRHO,C/6RV]@U]1GM0VUS4E&
G/W=H'83=[+%)4'I:5JNV]AMH #.7,(<K17WSC13-/KX]:
J]@F_@?:$YW8( W*25KM%I&7R9A;7#<_VP*RQ_<\([



2V4[Y]D 9]V/F,SW3KDAJ'',;&Y6Z^Z$
M,2C:DG8-.:=,C9I#GP%4%@)W)]4Y@EXO^ QN*QEWR(2&Q)1=3$D-(QT;B##



M]PZ/*:7WW]4[S75[



M9TU%#DMYV_R)A49-[/N(E#9TX M7C


V?DGO-








M[^
6?@4;LX_!9A\! (LWU&DW3)7@7'VX-)HC14@S



MUMS+H;3O7XR?/.&1'@:
60[5@^UI@E;H.AL=UC6!1.UA+&3W\








M8&;%Y.FBG8#[
'D66=
F!/RFG4)PIFQC0JI9@J$QB2D!+G%H[=]36ZA02?\
MG#F3FZ_IYG-& L_IBT,U&HIJFI_Z^0Y (U6,WGX=Q(G0KUL'(&#:'6BVE-!


M\(--!V



\Z:'U]%N%$D$LDM&Y+))

O=:AS

3CYUSD!]@1R AF3C1C1'6:'X#

:)NO*\O9:&X7
3J?/F?.
O4+RVSH&'W]\/ !%.7%!C$!<XZ@V%V49<8;R8(C
M:&$
OA36G$D7J[T2(JK6%KXA._

8_OGHD.RJ

92HW2W)
((KN43W6.9X -


WU -





76N6U0RWX
M? !*;T
]
7ZL7_DT7--0/G@T7RIR55_6_^FM[\.9FL4AOQX


7*RF[\Q!1(





?*XZ*?V

JDE];EM8L\^E_Q#DSR-KQ7V9+97(
DJ[
U_'G7)H8JRJ,CC61<[[VEY.N9U 8LT4^1G2MZ
M;$\(80YD4FH'D J

M1K:/
80
M\T3O<WL4/_! [M3RE/U-::<E9TRPS:-[NAFVP19?_;OL PT'T*=YL<,=<



MR52E'








M&GV27PZNNI15$CNUK_/!'?0D.IEF05=


MHTVB4A]99WFB
J2E/3U1*:=M [\=MNT[[D*_S2@T
Z6=QR04S].O;P2+3.^


C+L^22V T








MJ(6
DL







M*[F9 3]U96\\'-7MP



^

MUI_6C!I 2YI+(:+9K8E%/*CYQZ3\#*(UAVF/HO^/^P]UY13;7?NV@0$.D=


$6
M\L8C-
(S&)K/'C71)MB9_1+,TH!G]#OB15*N$#(.Q7G=3/S5_^5U92&)2;




780C

1Y]JY(K?.(<8%QYG/F;D!O36_F[[T]?#QQ4@_;@9GWH V#V

888!4P2(7V



M+B0BQ




M.=[/_RB^O7$/V.W9Q1;4!V3M@/B.=% #USL41Y1EE,^,;4./*=&T6@Y
6X
MP4=;;ZJ7J.BE3?B$


M'R;:C4VVG










?-]
BI1
WS=?Y %SG=





DI/;EI*7
OGQM?YZ%TY
M\@SS#=&4OI;(T)SSR\4U+%

M8



M=S2T!-

-K_X:S24
M]3:

M?GOF!W7XE^)PG[:;VZ$TI_
B2P=H-ILLR%UH/6YM!_(2\Y4M-*:GH!2RX#S.
MM*!H$\50]=V&&592





MPO$:
P(E!DA/QWH//*YE2Z)MQS8C3ZCV?I?_

M
T0TO@;KJ0MJA3/%UQE=N
::&$Y(




6

M^BM@S.S Y%Q9W*LQM=R168\;L\?+OG]-1+Y1ZC[$



WW&9BR9<L[;;



MC6\FOA]JN@AQ1%$]V]@\!UNWQV8%P1Q^ES6D)F$EW#=-S;EULCO%/=.D:=?Q
M%NC76


%)ZQ&B

8-/US]
M

;3%3=DI:DS*FWH;WIC@C?M7
MS]_W\3JS!C&KV
U2 56[BXZS
M$NY:H70!!G5:!^U)5O %(_ZZRZSHV$]

HYM@.63=:-:=-:]2MF
MFH$%Y%EJYI?-F\O!._%H7_QW))39+9\G8


M&RJ*




'XR3D\KQ?F]['__IE-?[F\_E-V';KY;-YECI-\T_.%

ZA3[#CX?N%;O[I41.

V]7=
HT5WE


MVPJ9)WH





(.W883R34YU'Y@6)Z-2A'QLZ<)(4GJ?ROQ'W+





ME2'
[B-*M8DR]8'=_)@[T*3[&!C8\0(G:1=!^:[
7Z5S0)[].C_G;\KQ/!:U







-4^.
4C0XUM%]]G7IWZ


24S]=+R[8I02;/4&T7
G

MZ
$-#@ ;%F ]T-(CDT^


M



C[
95?1^.T&(B:0-T 58=.IP3P ZQ


X]!!?^AC OXB
M%G#4!=4O_-PR


MJS#@W]=I]
0R8$



4G48


M'E07OL$

MO= V X$/&1(A2Z(S@S18UD9N\T-]H@FL[57=B#29U%Y%,U$ZOQL)TY4IZI!
M1]M68OZ2DV&X66!.=^9,]_[:6-Z@P^5.
U'MT5


M
F6P$N!A%YE#2LD^P7B?*+

MKPLNAQDAXLLX?!VY(8L9]#@





MV29M&-_)EA_=''TS_W'I)5U0+9YJ*+JUE'U#8?%.R++:EO[+_YRUD!V(PB:'

E
 KFKZ4&\R9-CS
WU
J64V


#M
((SZ
T3(U[A\I2'9QR_]@W?33.ZEWY

7/5A9
MT'O3U

M

U[X9^?
AERO*5^=+$E:_*!S\U


MQ;$7E6.OKYS=




I?

#5(%'

MGOZ


M^GDZ
U_-8)V/P&)W,L\ Z8RA-^X$/@F8_9X<DV253Z

MPL6:N!O#81KUB;Q;44SXS: 

@W!
O11MAYF:+=89U1AI*?

DI:57]Q<F49JW^28[7@E41;W$
M'BE

)
 ]MARCZ%-@;-)J' DU4L



MG[\Z

&C2B3Y_'\@0%O5O$R

MUV0=
RE1&W'[[HN@\%LN3W]W+V8[^?Y'



L[D')2U GAB&4.
M/SR)5F;5$GS@
NQ!A'+K:=9;
D+&3\)EY:[*DG/Z?!I%
KK)M^1JK@$D)]0A

44L






4/UPJXY


M)S%!SC;9HW=SYS@JN

/&DC\([^#D3(

MJ-QN)D/2;GU'I%N[L@QH6XI*[LPWRR3[KF$&]


O(85]+_%E
MOOY


!X[?'&;O3H
YRSZ-/DFS

8_8LJ:)JUN5Z)^+Q

%:.JF<+[/;PV<LJPT@RS[ *V/O1+D!?

F

[ID*%628=Y6 XUMU)Q@2[J!#I2]]7IM2M^6/S9='5Y_



M]??H+
FPSXN5

M63RZ
/DE_G@^A#8%'81PF'L_9ZXNZT^&[N;CVNEH

_NO5IQHOJWC
QE?9QHJAC;=8AHL8G[5#KN,WKJ'TTO81CM-<_9S7I
MKSC;X,KTF( AW6%L 7<&'V9D.[Q+-S'/3F]:QXVTFI'=IS0@\GZO7'Z+'NL


%N
MVZJCQQEJV X]S&GT;O';(_0U5BM& S.52!D@)

M_+SDXG$H)Z7H^@7;&/ZEH9-!GIOA5&F 08'U(*




86E;$#X5EA/4$?9RBC95FM9N+^[/U -M$@

C#9QB=
X;

MY.MR(M:S8\
7_HYG7;_86)_'++NC+78.^(#KG$F7*XMB'UW:'VW3?U:FW*


](S3@NK#@(6PR![2)XCN00%.8VP33$V /=.7CXT-KXL5=
MINK=WF6ZFFZ=&)#^\*DB(27KPF=$6.^%M6SZ[A0-;_8W7!T'MB\V(1K[8AI;

M]-V!1#NN80



M[= OK  Z^(TO6ZZ6=B1\D/5




R?!9PI(
MT%AF1.G

MWVH:;A_)1)8D3K:?#V?P;# EV
M3\AW#\P K%XSIE4VXF&0SH:^G?;%O724Y;[8=:_O)RWW\5@B?%5/U7B^^D_F



W3=O#&@F
MM:G.K7!W/6C-RY7/C;XG7(0+?FBL\[=RS?&:&
\Q&RDD8]Q;Z-$[R/:MI#_0


WI\<\(/8
P.+R



MIP3ICT%C))EQ2-












M_



9 V&_<_?#48#3PI9RR !?VG1]5*KX.W?VR=6L3W'[



3-3H')@=FA3^]N'-L7Q+LCXC.$FZK^N'9F5_L
M.V LYQAQ@%J5GL _M$(5^MUH-ISH]-VC)HT<_+(_0A2%*VX[,)[,;OP:J\BM
M$94BO/ZEKE(PO0D+2$]'BE.##.YZ2_'R^5)!TG/XX.X&@=J*_,'P;4GH_?B.
MU[WQ/TY\#=:_H#Y:/*.F;;.9_2
$5]DT(=C1ISAB_)B GBI+5KXXAZTY!L#


H],2$<<(ITSM\&



8@8Y0?(C7F3*MHDZ%2X68H35

M8- AD9S3]?(IL+X@D1#RAEM?W.02;4%A^F6^'



R*.T??N.N:TA ;L
M*;


@_9GI 671&#1E84=2GQI%PF/KSY4YM?0





MV(3)B19U

IEXHUY9$29QP%RIL^U7S9O9SM'!]4^E2K^.J
P5Q]QMU=PM-K!
M6YIS@3_G+0_N8%%:T953]XA[E^?-P *6ILXL10RTLVF(F=[WMLI^W72]SG5W
6BV-@
MK[KY9U\8SX\3O2

MR&OH.&JE(%
1R.Z^K4&6



FD#04GZ%;$)JP_'?WQ*NG7!A(4
(0L)

554#%J$V(

*5;
*NKB70@$O(61S[.OBLF-BGJ@UBGW
%P'OP9$@+):HB8OKZ+[;(



047D.!1

HUF$?[RZ$;O[F:7G!#VJ-#DWN=.P2^CINOJ^
MB
D5Q_;S_%V)_4



X^Q$ZT')3_EOK]\_4GODL(U@%&0[

@F
M.\;\NOBNCG
X*U2C]




1T\@%HUX)@$SZ1VX
]!I&835CMR

N?42JJ*7_W%\FR_]@&

M6 Q8=VY$I'-5%LSH(^[+JKJU#1D_PA^^]=);







@7.5)7ZV\[K-C9N[:GTK/4(JK


*N(#NA



[;]=6DP6XJGFR8P8W


MXX9]3^8+AP*_V(-;IW43=K

M-_;'UWO:

W8:JDMD
(%?YLB]H'






I&T6A&1U\JVO

MPGG?[MF7:YGQRO(4D$OO89(X$'% 5Q6O1G \^ -K'$N\#E\VK:* BT^;Y9@Z
M8?7_:HZ1K3553KO-\P_Z!O=?W1
?]D7WN4J2P@XH3WUL6%RTA](2P;.4X
![
M;DQ.4E5M826^ ]T7H[5%=_(_ (O?:P7
QXIC8VQ=UCFG=K]ZK2'R1E;FM4$





V]


M!5)-(5?!
CI*Y2.8S Z^Y_:!*'2*$7BM'-?DI/]L-SNLI5!E&\=2ZN?SG[XI

M
'=PBQ9@AU\[:\?I)!.


I:;\.B.[-H(F^:CA=?#LS*4ZRO




MSX!


C'

#_T:K@ N*!&O&J9Z
M$#$RIQ$O'114=5D6R_ -.'U
)5@K_#%;\U4!*X
M.J3G@3EK;/^)+Z66LN]P<

M00.GX3







M'V [ZG







:84A)H&(H=TBU
M2*Y
*5L+




7?PH:M[FG]Y6EU8
/(

U9
M.1\[PB
* _?




M!^P%VS]Z?0J4]AH



M




M+0Z/=\0 )*Z

M9_C=8([='&$OY&['V
VE2GA JHM1?9B(ALW*4)M)B.NN)-^@R'3\G+T\
MBSEMDS3]?J=+S^[MWJ_?5
9+_\



M5#)F_QW91[TN4BBE$+

MJ&D@\GW=)?NV__VIHP^'RYH'CGB99SO.]@UD57DD^-T4\;I[ZS=Z.FH1SI41

-E^XGG
#]$ZKT7:1Q(:3W W_[JGLR =PV+

WJZ+#)9@HAE9MI;3NU853N_)=+)CM/XXI




M 6U( ;X1OU.

K




ML[/;;TGCKV(5RR#1R48]^YQJQ_0=B#7=OZHS5+PG_ZW(+ D\0$I 7B
EHFM(


(

M8[;T58SW-8]/SD(!^-I4CIQH&XQ,WG!RXC]?&NOJ$ :[YXQS\D5&A5N;H)





Z3\-P!O=WET33]$ZU?Y
MFNKB4WL$_+P*6/0.50A^\MS=R(/L*4NY
5WX:^3]X* SZ
]099O:NDE' 2


M1#_;$%[]]8ZYLU^ 8*PYCB&AV.%/8E2GOGR




MOPNO#8$&D: P6
4&)JA^2)E30)4G* &_\Z;I-
&)
9F)D]OH SXU5RY?]1'\
@@1L*;/IB_K%'&-^UR_B!]H.A#G(7^MQR<J13]$S
M;G9JGU=KF<&YH&I47AY2.3ET=*=-[L!9\91MWVBU& TJ-/3@P2UXCO2I8/A



)EC-;A\VDWYKLB#MQ[1^?M'
0V70-3E%3?9+8;1UV:<.G-RIZCO]W2Q
GV


5.Q




]SG6H'S)?OWC%2DG=WV



M]/\&4$L#!!0    ( *B 6E!X[0TP^B8! '!0#  5    ='=N:RTR
#$Y
3(S
M





M]Q4(O
 [_&WQQS#@/! $0TF]*(D)3!%B0^]'.$HR1
N7=S]T?$_#1FL;H
M(PQ1)%.8ABB //9DZ&'?ER*M'[K
5K_\4?]!22F 
FY5UO_\C]_=5]7C'W_Z
MZ==??_W##UHL_Y 7=S\%GA?^U%W]N_;R'T?7_QK65_MIFOY4_W9S:9F=NE ]
MUO_I?__EXS=V+QX(S%9E159
-U!F?RSK'W[





M



0
Q0!'E*_9AXB8Q28C/;V7WXW+[FC_GJ#M9.CVJ@

T\(]6.K3_A\6[/[HFN0EM]O#Y6&G[
;@L;^NFN4-Z#!7YND (-%=18
M':YJ&##B]+/O:6Y:%;AL]Y$H&-PR4.4G&NW_ZV@U5](M2ZR*A/E5_%(GO6

MZC$$Q=QT)?T%)5!I%OJ#=C4SJ9GZ$MN %;&V[ U@KM?VSL -D*:$N -L6A
M3EW#I%


9!E!OHMX^Z+B)?]6O];L?CV)5BD]J<O']5[%\$G_)5]6]&MT\
M%8B%= 3

_&W[\.SMP&.7U^P
[QO[([S&8 TY$\
X30;%G/3]ZLBT(I]H)AZ04D\&&<(JHTTXL@]H, APB2C!/4DX6

TX1!Y00(QPAA*)%@8A5'J
ZN0SZ
6YN;F= #!S_7.7XW1
*3A/(MF7_95
MW(S\8=O18OUEGS7=Y8=]W
BDW_59&P\_Z_

M)*@DV L@\J
0HB# $(LXAA[U$(N8C&
6VGSTM@#FI@D[WCAIHI_K4]?9QBSE
M!CR)$KSZ7JC9[0


7%Z.JR
MP7;Y9(L)'Q8+^U?Q



?8G2

I=TS+VQ7_)HJGC(GR

AJI'F#N-%90


)(NCK/0O

!&!QOZ

R^X[+P7[




40AXQ#[#
$DP!%BOO0QBRW6ERR:GNG2D (/
M-7JP5


M'6S/.32PP0[N&]!:Y


M

D[=H/6\!MPD+'@9C]E@3L?<-+N<NDY3@-\4G]STKXX]%*G;?SZRH;O=.-
M/O^%_

M]M(%?GHL-*CGTW?WP R'Y%FWH \UW3)6K
FRO*5E51!6+91J2^9S#L-4%^.F

MKUBFRV;*O'BH!Z_ONOEM2@&1Z)@!3B&E.D(T)6J.RV

0
MBKGIS;?UPP
IGO7
;&

:0I3FD90!E)'TS
9A'S



:)\PJ0F#_\;/S.1MT







3[1J:92B+


M))%$D!-.213%/&;41H*


BN_

MY



;U'



M1/E*

+-16? Q(ZGG*[*N3



@<YRVN_]KLOPNB@=_P=
X

M0U*-=6)K+WCU+$AA6XGI)5X:BX7T^;X*
UA-MUQ



Q7=U#][*%.UWG-&=U+?6
VEQN-

7)U3




EG;SD[S-]6KH0H0!B9F7



MAJ&G]9%Q2%*20
I3'OJ(1#ZVBF7J:VQN
KF+51^Y?&S1VKE#O?2:.4:N2!M9


MR-P\=9@
_TFL1$&6R@&\Y0_9*M




M:IQ9PY-*F147AXIE=_
P8?HJU%




MJ

EKGUTMMG]W6S:!9*2((@HE%CJLNM4;VFE


M

M6/NSQCN-L#]N9=JX^K-6'D73G[]RP


!4+O;'-Q8++6=X-%B]




6Q.?8.FW^/C4RH7K!\X.Q)V6
MI:_B

)&8/8?/S
D
M'7!G)AO#&1E9(
U


1PY9G&B







MSN
Z7\::Z6
Y7[373L9OOBRBH06+'QZRJBG7LE+@5WJ&(%8L$^4B\3#A5##H

M-AN




M$5NX@CQ$W?9:J5W!G,)&DR6\Z.K.I%Y4I(DC*% :JQ! DE(=8X6WPN25/TS
MTFE\&UCO5H95MR;NP@[7W6@T&&_+]%UAI/?J3IC[.FQ0G8#ZI[8 7@#=BH%


89IX(422
M8I@B'\

MX



E]


E@_


M4ID2(W]
M:OI9ZYTND1^W


MI+OJ4



D46QLJM9

M









UC1+J#T10EE
M C)?(N*)R



[O
M=<#-I[SZAZB^I;?K;)_;Y]4G-3O2SY?;LLN4BH\D)%$D+$@@B0)\J#*B$
M



:^E55U% ^RZ]9^<OK9_WG



M[&N4


M2VB_A#FE:62A:AE2.$$-=

MH2&7.V(6$2(]


E
M=L76V)IJ2-2 XZ$&!+@]!=K7X

M;_:6

08Z]2$W;

C%MI69=9&



MW

+GENNB2
MS_*MD*)0C:BVFE#2VQ7_F!&:+;

T0A
M\3TOCM. )G;9#P?BF)WLM&9H'[\SIZ2UYA2!]#O&#,L\L2VKPS7D,;O@;%7
ME^S(GR3\9";8X2@V$)YD34@7R=T49^KAA8MH%V7_-E\OWC4@OPI1Z7N#K
M\^^0)1X%*8B(=#WPRADL:_\
W/1E=YS? 3W4
MF7+2@[8^UM3]
J'KU1



H^T;MY-IM.
)M$0UR4B!I@IHKNJAU4'RT=GV_RSB$IT;]]N(9ARK
M3YW%0(X&T-UD\8Q%Y3F3:J=E@6A*$\%#Z%/*($(TA#0-?!@(SCP_$!)ANRA+

U]H7CE2/SJ93U[%^=A3R6'@

M[


B/@
HD33U?1K'0


ML



MHCA((MER]VYEF(]^.'-=$^/QIEJXGC2SH6*&.=PO?FB#(SO'#.=\F1C.2X&;


!*Q)#&2



'DJT6/@]3$6$)O13%$$5(
M.48\1&K.IR9](HW#-#+:;#[Y]+EIUC8Q68//-M1GCSG3?8!?(R^!V!*Q8#U
M_Q,FNUW[WVU@XG7_$[8=K_F?NFCHI*;X16@=4+[/+7\21965ZE_O?N@X%ATJ
M&/AA3&




J</'Z8=KP53R)


S.K(LM.B!_K# 1W^)L2_




P)@4TW5K82_\MZKV(@ FSGW=0OV\KNK2M<JU.X#:&B&^%!D3

B0PD]$3.1)ES@8

(
4Y
/Z;!8)QBVA_S;2AP_K





E
#Z




@@4D0Z?+5C$)*HQ!&'J(^BED:A5;99H8F9LR
M!5[@V8G0XXPTZ8IB!U9LAH3](YF5\*AMN(&;.RXZ38_RQN@; ':&-!8 QIS


MI#0*J6.O

M:





&_2B,Y YEVIAV'23WT@/X??Z=#'
M#/O(/JQ8H7=*WXKFOQ]6FQW4-^0QJ\AR\WWYNHRR\BXA2Z0.8DU#F 82P\A+


MZY

M(F$DP9Y5H$9?8[/3MAHK*#78&Y#OY!)Y59_B+BUSAO02'7B1B!'G$+
40T18

MV:V;O-_$Q+[P2?N.'=[3EPW
&_+PN

B=-+?I_RU9-J4?!Z=:_\
MKE
%[?[^35Y6G_+J'Z+2!^SO5MF_!*^5IET(7(21FNOC*(0X$3KG$2*04NK!


]6;7;=/N/NTV57:+K_?@(VM^YM--T ;J7Y;@6=1@:V=-^#V



M'VFF[9ZQAX^Z9VI#=F?@0)L=FP!GWMZ9K*.L2EM,%4'356K8-2.LJPXX(+;
M_A(5[4P84T %TSL)_EW\L0KSVS5&5;;@Q=UXBSF1T'H20P%#M7D+/0H5#VF




Y
6X83
K* '')Q
JS\57
M?1KRT_J!BN*S5+/%=5&?_7E#EDO!7S^_(^Q^_]H%C:@01$WRPH SB*40IIB
M-=U+$B^B

5




MH'#USQK
8-M_CK@7C?9:;2IW.Y4@P6<)- <WX'%K
M4ATISTAY7^\CT

MZA_51*AY]\[[LE.$M&4#O&KY
#P8.OU[8[$E

?L:HB?8VI(U?SS[*O4_!1O0;++_?Y2C1K7 N6)02/( R)I&: .I0


[D*\H7'#URL@H&YXS9+6)P]IJ!!70;CZG\0IYU[N_CHDK*V:K58.='VUB


X_#LM)^P6X;2U


 TDCJ\IW W'


KK?.5I_V%=#OHY-I\60!T*9MA;R=7P=


NYY2
\'9_5H!C0]
MN #-3L&-#RNV7.L4+Z<+=)PZB7(%$S!093205$L4]ABD0$T2PY!$.0VXU
M6ET+:&Y#T=M

M2P[*!]5A$8TUX$S5H9OQS[RYXM=Q :+K


NN
Z:P$

24 01(Q[$&


:_*QQU^L MCFR#


M%_
FYZ9#NW6X._3[GX\C_;%UW]Q2^;+Z



!?99P*TR

MPS3Q8^B)*%$S+R0EMLIOT-?8W*1F$UY3;

MDC2%A/L19

MI(@NU-
JH5Q15N^PM-D6VB/\$4FY\$@((YJ$6K0E)'Z8$0&7'I)R$RBFB]
_6*
M5/=UWG*/)DA(-3JA4.JLSL*'!'

O.W.T!O0
M:JESLD:65/KTXD;P&#N$DGZU @]HVN[X9GW;)!-SR.F$6@*OYM3ZK;T[5


!

*OW1Q1;G)C(7XEDZV*YB$S?$FVF.4SI'7XV]


?UB](8^9^C06 1%)ZGLI9$3J$L$!A@1[ ?21%WO*8#^F







M#C'4J3%H'ENM]ABNTVK5L+MB0%4.:%WRM8:NKG$H6K9T.94NX\:G%3!;3HYD

M*;X4&1

M.AT6*+6YKA-BN7X/S*1XSKT[LJ*;I


+4%QS*




NDY6_';%7Z^SI4X1UI[K2IG@L?0P




;KEK(93UI:R*J






HKI5#\QY;;P/Y]E9]2J#I@8.%U7.?OE0EFO!WZZ+;'77/+I&4=:_


U[^#!






W%WOX!C0*1^B2U$=20
)()6(0(_Q)&8^XPAY




=&])+/??9HZ5F
U:5F/LH
.FID


8IRGLEQXWQ(PL



QH4VZ _A/L6*37'3ICFU_J?C_\V=X-#0F@8P&\ZGCX
MO2[AUE(!.BZ )@
T;+CSBE^F%UWZU1-;
S((5IJ+$=\P;SC#'X''M,:$#C1ETH.M*G#7%
M7?#PA?C@*WBUF**

MLYKT41\.] )&_3@*8
*YFK7X5)\?23P8)8F?*NF6$18VLY:]I\]Q4M&5I]+X





M*;75DSV54D]2W;)K]2$

M]T#.^7BT37'V@Q&2ZC?-E24MA* J-;&F+5C.D\P\T


ML7U[O@' _9--TO]7O3'9YB']CV*+M^:SDT(RE*FDA*R@9B'.40DIHP7
M99Y
MFJ1I@KWV.\+
&!L)9$F&_![_0/C=6*)_4'LFDS/YY!OEPUTON@S(.V = =:3

MR$K(F9DEA'/#@#E3















.MN


^4#\^2W2+KQ[&WX]


+2C#-M@K\L
MLP7 !#%(K&@N3:4P_^.*



M@4@1$T
DE
&<E;TT9*!FHE++U]52
M3.?+]4)M*CW-XVLS'$LH4UM76Z0(
B+
LZTX0:1
!0Y:1+QZ'*Z8_=
MUNEQH[&TTU9RHJ@PL8G&$&-4FJ=8*$@E5YKG#&)
Y%RW:7#?7'/G[@TIM
W


MS0 -)4D8
?$9U]A+73H^X$



=CM$/5


M



MS!5*488-]H:F$#;D1(EBL$RYX:T4HS3SVEFZS9RQ!35=U^IE8/[CC9/CQE+#
X:FBIQ+Z499_G*_/5A\67^8S;14E.<%B:J2Z6 *$DT9!G*H,I



@7H\);H6F9Q;P1
4K%+CD^@UQP
G;#A8$




?1!)H:)F%9GI7*'
2WWNPEAC8X_.O#N@:Z
W

=-@E'T;&T'.)W##\[W-!MP:_Y?:+W]]5+
M8C3*;+H\Y4M1





MP0E-:0;-LI9!1%$*&4LS2'E!J4H88LAW7_WL8&/C]8\+P^+5MZE:MCG/6\N]
M-]7/(^R\J1X%M_XWU;=F6AZUAH*_VC^MQ: V.:HDWG5D(N^OGQ]OZ/WUJYZ?





;(J-20)D2
#RM[J]
MV;M9(QSPI[*-GY2\_ZX6[%'5OWQM8L:WK%K\-YNNU83G!.F


+()RK^S5:N590+Y
M5CCY0;<Y&RZ+S!N(E^%2TQ@KI&J-3<=D9/(4,ZE26C12F<MUN-61LQ)(E



_SBK_J7D

L(I+Z30F2XV/3C=7X TYWHYJ5YW E+FUJ3G 7SR'F
MWNW-
):I'.;-T7D+=MR] UN'P:['H'$9=#XW.5@[?0Y:MS=UA_M=2FO?X[U3



M





N\@ZY=O1(NKD
)H=0^\[LJ0V^ P<2QQ\VN+9V@]KP^)C*5K.@B0P'QG9O\-%C[
S/ 6@U



N@1!5+N?D0
/*XUSR]4@.Y^*'XU24[:@WEQ0AB2'AB80(

MLV

VIW3\B!)DE2$$@$Y)#DA:8
XJPQZ/O8+ABTEK_D8,RG?!&!T28?B- L_A%@_K:=V5^.<


%



GEZ_79GGP

2V/ADBW6[27O0H/&K

9^/)LD^:3MS/TY V5UC/8)'IF_L3$^W)B4)21!LP;BHG
?EI1U#L'

(9S4N8$2:\JN[
C
MC6[E9H^];1^_IEBULS5





ME&9MJG

O:Y8'']E[HK+T#M;UU-+6Q^-86





!N^-:GQ@W#6/F;L/K3
]0



MK&2\TG,,IU A H!6:$X+%+-$JZS7&.GC;BS(XR-#SHC06,E,&:U\[M.
\#


:9F4=8-'3?/
MK
IP KFR@N8H8S0AB9+


MOZZ4O/]NGO#'C69QTU7B8;U:KMC
]I)X74W7YF.OJZ68SI?K11-U;9Y83)%0
M+
WL 8


M@;M:*Q
L;Y
M$65YFC
-4U$JB(@H(1$J@[@LD$PY3PCV.E#8O_W8Z'1C76 *

.P.U$GOCO:=3G_*?[?IS6Q5K7Y]
M4H^5)8#9RA9-39@J52DS @N






]4JWS=Z!U_PYL +@#1^O &H1Z
X[UVF<8

MI#(3QL@RAUCGG)


M?+;ZNIP01C1*


8M]*IEHN
V:Q&S2&Q]M1]T0JYE:[Z]#

B
M1(X*738:4HA$@I#SA6%1$E%1:IR)7,?IO(;?FR$U5E?RZ1L[6]4G3P%'SPG
MPHV\^H.W9PZ[CS8&@_^LN:#VOZ(IX-AP
6D-$\+!F6V

1(S!VA

0_9I!0$)XE(8$)U
MI$L$LB%**'$0@J&,2ZYGGQ7SYWVEUT'-;G\=D=O+^GZ
M7M6B




B+(C?+99XQ



M-ADW*Z$@LL!$

_T!8 /)&:V4?9]6H3]A](;92^\7N=?6C
M69*]-U



MAQ@;6[42H[6)X*4?;YT 

MW'MFGWW(=QRP0&]=N 


M/]J*=+NJORS%WZO9?&&([-W
#&W6]\U'W_RT@8V:9$12*:G!/I%FX9R+'+)

O9=5HB&Y5K)8O?YD?OLV7
M;/K;8K[^MC2WF*Z;1EI+^P6O9FLEVS0!LP1]OZD:S0K!4)YH6)!
0D12!EE
M.122:J%4(@3R.KT?T/:QQ:@M9VQ\MVU':^]![7Z='KT%8$=C;FFWRSH,0 /



?/*?]G4%BV_?&6K/^?KJ;12&F*UB0W:J&
M



T&T?5(V]H.- [;U'O
C(4?PW8@H/J0]D]$I#'=
[JEK
M@!]


5Y 1%@!::H(



MMB(A;\WTMRUH$ZHSG&

$RT81@K(^S!*8
95+D3!:)5QW1N8'&1@Z-5;;Z

YF2Z#J-(A:A']N7Y4UVC8)2M?1M0*KA?D8JULV^ZH-
MG9D+MY5E#(1[YA%KXHZ
T!VP5D9KYNL*1%S]H#-C#2P:=-GC8Z6@*Y\/3
)L

^.
C4I:



MOX&$V#J;@5D


M^5_]/%HB'^:S1M.DV39XT/6GEQ

L2[B)'E-;;)GG$!&4*\E8(3
\
M
#JL9K56@YS#1HKP(LZ!U:
M%^3<G*<JXWE:(BBD1F8])CD)




38Y.42











MZ!W2GJFEL1_6#HM!Z!QX0[L.@%:+^[:;N@_YO$8Z8<8Y)4F&#\MA-6!U2
MW6TWV/#76W;]_.F'/WUW';TFB1E*C).%2QH:F.=3$ JBP+B0C&!ZPP]:*\







M3P\TZ(OYHJ^'[^3+'PZ5?=+*W$=NVCZURX-6.7UJ5!$DP+:IDD0)=SV2D(:
MEC1C9$%2?PXX
IX8V.#SES;L
$W%?


^ENOH8[O?U:8\&+UMR(



MZTW;:=E.C'$(;#T&Y=L[XS&*?NISJV[9I.[OGK@Z?*0$1YXV@82&!YJ^OP$
MB-B?5&:.

P
-J^\!\:Z!G/<T9--U6#Q$PZON5
MTVXG-3 ].

M?/GKCZ4]86T[V




W





*ZNF









G


-;8




.#C1@:+T#GQAUH)^759E*V
MO@#C#/AX?5+\3V9N!33J&4VP
R\962]]_5PICUFPVZ7K.5VA9/\.5JP<1JDDA&L,XS*'!(%(


-_X?]W3W_.*(

]S4#
=U1L$P=] ?6$



4N0GL
M]7&'[@?KC
2)UK#NU_IG!WQ6)IRH5K_2C'^I5E

MO/('SOE]0P[!T2T'RR
XY\QN+L'9SPPL%_G0R7^IA:B6=NUWL(_8_D8UXL*Z
M*)
\YQG



9()%2S%PDE V7G$L;TZLB3+


MXXW]X-
N_HT+H/


M-+.[=XM&DMTLC;_8T&Q2I*4B0F:&D@42HY9(()*(4)CZPFK%!^&B0GAQD;



SOO+0+SHPS
M-B;HS+3)



M&G0BAJ&U



IU2E*/4EJ/8K?#4_VG9A5(4YEB3'F*40P1[GJT -KMF7%KLV+H
M:S=HNI'GK0@]MV[V9= BZ6/OP=&_%G8SW ATK_?\=M.XWK\DE


MO*_OH3OB[VQ5E_W5.VK;!XDAB@J$!$Q+RLQ2*9.0\Y) (5E98$)ECFBT#HFG



MPJKD

]U@5.MTU2BY:@./
MH-BLK_D?15%:=.?^/8K7^IK3:$5NO1D8K!C9JE7:@ZU7\YD)4=8F2FG#%6//

($QF







M(A




M?6_55ZSVPL

MG(


R.MK$^(?&M\&9]10.=484/GV_ ZJ5OO%V@U&!3
M7KI)$VF/;EZJF=+5:H+R0FB-$&1%7D#$F(FD=8YAIG+,UY0C)A/;M_EX;Q

M.GE_I$_H=M6M.H5_S+ZKI8E*/BDKG2/
WVI%Y3]FU6KY:3Z=OFTV! Y* U69






XN

R
P+&Q/;*PPI(*G$!.6I5@J1
K$)Q[W



;N\#

MI'EF98;


M&/%_4*M7;/GUXV+^O9)*OOSUQ]*:LCF]:G-O*K6564@P35*5V X2R'6IMU
MK.%XB52.DQP32;TZ[_B;
#82WY[JLHVM?NP=

M]GUA/0#5[&\[HO-;+WK9G0L'

MI+M\-Q





&/1ACG


3;H\^N# #8<^S-NV!\=M$=:KI5GH2V/DA[6509[DC.5Y+C'$3)CU-.$8
M4E)F,\RJDLF<J:&Z27D8?38HM!/G^__8PGF6S/!BVK6= E:#M4FR&?.'3=8















MUS9&WW4] 0=B


M/ZOEA9(4D(%**@T*SF!*0D(S!'J=(Z2PC)O/:++@TV-E;:VKI3AV@6*L94


MZ
P%?S4&^W/:!:B=
M&2P.@/WS52AV(;QT'9/(+'1AP*$YY[KO)QC&X:* K-+72BNK??:%_6P.ZMX]
M?5NOZO


AW\+WK 3Z/!-*8
 Z4/WH;G'[9

MO@H$4\8RQG2BJ'(J2=^[Z]@XLS;


^)]L4

^Z:&77A/XME/!;4?4%&/RAR''O:DS ^/HX
RS\O#

P3M#16_Q?C

M



'[5_.GIVJUNE!4

V6_U35



]09XSR13
*G,-FS99L.;F;0NBEVJF=+6:9$5:IAHG$,G$K+(S
M5$)68@JEQ%00AHC@7LW(W(8=W;NBL=:W:M )8;<@,CYN/5/^)LVRM;CK1V8)
MIC4:O&C-CMU.PRGN$6&3B
/7&[H@\9QX:'7U6$\])(MJ^6#OA?U#J(5V)M/


MHP(1J

)U&H=^%+@.

M
TT'IWU80&=ZTU9CLW3J=6

MV_1R1%A6JHA3H6$J$@49A+(%%


9993GG'LMT\^
M

M*AC:]-R)*DA9$J:@H$)!E%$

W2JYUZ43H

F55FF:
)AGQ*S[M&$0RDILN(2@E&OR_Y/W9DUNXUJZZ%]!Q(DX






NH-QQQ7+1^2(
Z%3

M2)
DY*E^K 6&*(YB2*D0
!K:)SHS]X7,[)KX-2N?1<,?ETQT'W[;AZ C8
MXN-^3H_I.;JIAH]]^4;UMZ$^8?Z7%,L@28.8\Q!B4Q^-A-[95D:P4A@J1AB
M*





M;1.&XS1_^(:D.@\M)F5 ?Y1.B;''G3P/S@W]OM+;6J$YV9RL5'- S(#7KUNZ


J0Q
M709BG!RF$UDOE

HD
M@B)CR$PG8IBXS7;M$#8W7CAJ\[&?.%H
T3#E'&C+;=9 \(V]J_)'KD]CE*N0





().1=@I3






M3MV0
]
-4*

MQ/.M4O?'_39
FEC*R/!FI3_TT!S)U-EQ2A!)TTQ QK FA2QBD)&M$\;,A;%
MB'E5 W;)6QNI*!UA2UE]_TMW/S-3GCM7
2A0!N9&([5/+0#&3ZIT :0(;VE
M3GF3.C@VEI_Z)%;7^''';YN-^#-?K4IGY?V:;TT![QM9_;G




FJ7(QV




N
X=B-
M//STF!N[E







I*)




MQPF

&^OW4W2AZ/
M=1<(PS[=%R5-_)!W67O^K'=^ND=K,[T%^:79O7_/&WS0N3<^
!-]4::1C)-
M8L@3T]V



JMOB9H;BQ2AZZTHM+QX/4JE':\
M

MJT\T%_GZ-7W

MR
:*!5C+LB=I7CV7.WO.&G2AN_EM\G6;A@M;%ID3U(--P!AE:D!JLQ:E2WJP
M#.Q-JY9S;]P+K)S#F
H76

MM^?\E:W4DM]1GJ_T7O;-YCO-]4

6BBQCJ7!Y

+-[I/V1&/EAWH




G%]I 
LIQVHLG!]I8?O58;?CDOO?K'WJ;L-D^?Z9__DW3T#:G

0\G


MG-EK[;HZ!/EB;

A*%



U.ED+)
ME


MH;WP27U$9TQ./4;W&_AQUC^HZ2O?3(0-HR1#F 4P522)
4TD@[C%$L$H&9




S*3
M5- T'7P/*@Y'()T(#

MS^B]
!5A*B\/S$NY=UPSSE8*T_ZSQ4I%H1UGT53;M+I7\R@-&$LHC&(J(4IH


9.@?]9S9AJI
M?N^DCW+WFA;?/FTW/W(AQ:MGO2


MQ.:Q-?$A3(
LB=

M2QLNXFE'6'U1&IF2W %R9ILN!(;DDXMR)F6
+DM/.:'SLWVGX#73=HV0NLHF
M#*6

8Q533!16B96G=5W$W/ANKZ4=IW5@U\U7
MPR R
A?M%02UA@-FR-X&H(-],4M^M_G5)'Q]TGH87;UC6/O
4GW1YG(?/E


I2$.E5.ZJ9OXN=%@HWW5B+;1_]IC
M#/XHC7 
ICDND!UAC@?[R$0Y
7B^<#.O@4<ENJ#CT<%KXL8X+M98].T:JOW-)_I<
MCE7_NJF3W#]M39/^W?

E

O^8
M!ES30J@]FR@-8!S@,,EDK!1VZ<Z*C WPK!O$^T-N640<40@QPXTEJHOP%YY

A^-6'X[HP=R&U@9<B,4:,&L.,PJ;W6ZC\M
M90'.\!35)?0%.


PE3(


(X$Q%$

^[EDA
M'0 

W ^4K(_]_D9W


TKJ9\X^97^7 I%:) 2 7E]+M/9!(2I=^$DM!52RUJ^AT
M^#BP?G-[K_V^WLIZ2MN#-@#\LM(F_ HVZWU(=C2G03%G_01%GD#VM:O@8+
M0 $W':*5!@!\

M_I<92<&KJ K#26*M'7CZS?#+

X(8

M'S0%C:HVG?I= ;9CWV%@&YE(/1%SYL#;8 Q)9QW2)F6FVU:?DHS%%9Y\(43I




U*;RY*A%@=T5WGNWDW;G]9=51930BF8
$$A
MHH'FSBAF

FX;=$[&S5.V^]W.?_,UW]4M_O(?N7BBJW_D
MNV^?Y:I*7OR6/W[=OW;W==SXR0G0420@$C21/\/Q=#
Y(
BI4C_DXHB$=D.
MC'&4/3?F;&MJNAA5NCH.Z_-9@VZ2'!G9D7FQU+QN*UKK/N HOQ[8]!U6XRIV

KW)B_X:E/H=V3Q

&
09U0XC02$D




S _-H*9H^YV
Z #3LF
MVU[\Q%.SG7$Y'Z+M?HM^9%8QKY;7.KC53^PR25(:8&9:C2FJ?6(5-$P#2(

%-+V070
MZ@[/0C=P&8-YKHE\$;:Y8?\UAKEUF4=:3'F:J=VU?U!S@+TKKAUL-O^^1%*&
MA(4



OC\86P
[7'^:;39?OXVGN4 .1]$Y_WA[D3.PUXM:*A[/GPD3I86I8R
M5FT@WJ^+W;;\(A=ETLSN&UW?/Y:;_[^798_YNM+XTZ;8_6TC]L4H2Q1B3AB*



$65;1AZ
?WZTVFVW3#H')-!$0
Q96*5^9XQKZ!E)9*1BJ2BW/A:[



M:S/7\^N?&]
2BLH FRH0JGT@H?36+0TCLXE3'4IQY%3&IR/$G/SDZ(@OT'

Z


M*HX3B+)(_X_P##+M7L(D39%@
:&*.PU0MY Y-Y*KM2S*ONY&?[@W +R2:^U*



13F 4L@0EE





ICCE34#*D($HYA1D-.61Q
M@.( 1S@23K'\'KK

S' M

@R@.W\/!69^J^''UQN]!L

(8O?\27]U36
/DZ'Z:#2IFD&B%(?:KQ
P5DI 1.)
TRIA$$?Z


M\(W

S.X5./Q#3!H.+(RZM+O0CFW?Y.M_)


92@(A OM.

M'IFP!D7:F;L\






AXF
)$J00B&BO(

M&0O2D0FJ

M#5TJ+@A.

JH


(*ZH
M!3&E*411(&&






^5*B/+4


R6Q?K$F
H!BC.(
MD':=

3C%H-UCGR]

F A3B 05$/&0PBP3&0P82R0B818KMOPAMVS3

M(Y[AA


MU\@O

A:-2&_?HT]EC_;A[YYVWS9;




:2II! EL58DR5RFW@
MN;


P[



M. A3FD!



MM-_#_UD^5G'HXEXU!2YO)#




]RO
M$W#DURM-O
@^VN'+[B0=;=!MY/MCBQN<]6U%OOG_?K+_L
M]:_+ LKZC8J.*98 +#5JJ.2'5[) P! 41+.5

W2JC4!(71

#1P&;2Y]1=2T

M) VB-+ ZF;




D%B*$6$4M
B



M0 W. NSA68 &(% C!$J(S
FL! :DRL\9O2_7BZSY! V_IK5K#IW$7F0E+5N4

[5*/(!(H1@2E
60\3@.8TY3*:G/F)YN




FA?Q$XYM??]?*M

M
3/]
A(I)00$*L$H8 F1#O7;M4CAYO/S7EN=',N7CM+%8Q9AE2
 L0
8T4



/8HZ9DI1V.97/.ZV1Y

MZ;RH
EY


HAA

C
M._INK=(9_-)H_VLYZ+?!NK0 [$W8]P6_WC=J- =FU'!7^B0MOA%\&MT-8;

MFX

MEB6M /@++8G#2VJBI9GH=37F$KF]N ; M?
5UN?^T[W
!D#AZ+4VQ/T&&^MI
M!B


M[




M61A'

M9?)-

F;8VG33%M+YLXL8/'Y^^,[F]5U5?G+L?-%\9U_/=9EN6#IK,
M$Z0R%.NW891J1\_4\,4J@Q(1$F<



-EYXOPYM





M5=HG\90!ZW^M$!@K3#)QY:^5K5TAD+YUO/TW;76O\3)@7+Q??RK'0IPT''_[


MS;DA@@3S%$8QD[&*XR@


*+L :9=NLY;@6=*M0Z63T^)TT^*HD(]


MY9A!U(3/@S!(&.)0I%)!Q)/(%GI#;Y5

Z-DPY*@[W6H%*[
8(H78GE 9.AK<0/'6FNST6%]+8'2[VHZ;_


R-B5]OUL5FE8NR8-A
#:<< @T$T.A

MKK2PL/V\TL+F(C_6^&VS$7_FJ]7=^BPWXY-^@_+G0REDIFB
!$HUPCR&2 9$

M=2S0FD_E.YG]*OR66Z=!01V9N=K3UP_Q_1+:EN;UR/5QB


MXT JC@GA4033!'/-4OJGC
0$)BH*M=^E_:_



XDU*2[[0@







MR[RV'JA


)$\Y2S


MK5;L\H?[QK5

M5&BL&ETAF%(D)$A#B) K^ E[


M'M
$9B&F$)$TA23%#)*$

)'_)[+5T]%OI9%H?F Y56-V\4I

M1ZZMSXB.R)7.= NP;1L!Q)
$NPW@WTP35]-QN#!F.0;1^ZXC2P5*%9(P52DW



M!IPG3GT0^R@SMYU5^]C2-NG



^M= DUY'$-
9*PWHF693%D#$4I+$(

+R_^*)ZD&':NZB7[


 VP

@QHECUE^7





$@CZQ? !0%S(_E*1?!GI:
+

MCPBNZW-^1QU_-UD_ZX=Z##)#0JJ4ZHU&0+DYVN0)$D(:42C62!#(13JN[1



(9[S#IN3O;BU

MNR6C1'%$!$0AUANB.

MJCOZ(:X+8T=9(\(]
GT-@K1[FID?7H-FECFJ
&TRF1\^9_ECGK?QY#QS6L1H







HPQ
:5

= HT
[
C
U

M_93_HO3 NUN]YINM\]:5E4;I;@68(#2%)E=O1) K
X5E!%)$TII2*F5EWJ
MG:3.C?:
MN50



YV:)
L2NMC %-&6_E\[7M
34



M3 _*$.J_8C 
)4



.;F6

M TA1C&$0

;AR')XXJD25FC


M9BKWW^B'?3^7M%TJP$B2H!0K&'NMT4J#&6(E/
BU6&1!;&*'8N!YF/?7/S

M2L9Y?A
&KX.9D8G3%\W



8/ZBE?DC.MN]IAZ9G/V/79P4:<WW'M81:Y^?&S



M_ZN)39W63GZB6_WU'#([ZAHBPZ9$G4F9. _JFI7GR4]7/]DWW7JCO4E39*ZJ



J?&\=4
3%@<A58?*S/T9RL[O*.!-DOD'&\=&/B) Z]MS-O!
MP-H\'D*S+U#L0-C_T(QV=YKT<XZPA0Y36YJXO%:YUL+@C;NMR%X]W2]6)


M]LZ!?RY 9T'J_0 9?8_=QL)GGOP%4!Q8MQ\X$]&J*TANK'D=@DY:O'#9=+QW

M())QNF_D
8=R^3

M!44F
HBB.(,FW3-6$I*4YX@9-49TTOZW+8#YYTR%X!R[5@^554NM&6@U_L





H@2

Z@*V/'G!/@/3)SWDI'

M)%_)M6;NW9+$VL\
50I#13%$


)K(-3K(G8L?=(:$@]-S?JT?
[TOS]#W

M+:J!T^8S&]-%_$F*.LB[6==]?;)01(@C!D
9)69R;029

SA$Z
^Y&M@
M*M4G?9-



MNA;MT?*@-G'@$?


WK2+MB7

HLR#(H DD G











M17-R
4X%S.UI;_0#1D&O3FMG$-H]]7V &?FQ=\+$^3F^9OB0#_*9C$F?Y&L6
MGC[*5S_GT:RWB8T_;];'


[&4$G9#WVTXX63H)XGDG'@&;J^WPW



M0FW^1!!3$Z&








:AZ?7HO8?]8@E'X^1
MO

MQ=D(LEP:@;U]

MJ=#K%6B4 48;T*D#-GD]#NDZHY^/0V!\OG.:*6P^PWFY!=?'0?ALZ'W@%O
%



M7?^J(P1'7N('5BT)]&\_U#XC$V$ 

Y;2


ZO$WBF8D9AH
M'RB*%9,1Y]QI;/;172Z-\%N+=


[&]UD(



ROT0C$F
M

%$TEXI0S)YJ93M1+XZE-Z+*HA04F5]_C2G6:8W6X


VC
M^I3;;2#5^ZQ_
?!-6V78)A'DLM1+=WTU/4Z7_'\.UV^6WV0/ZN;'W+Y*/\J
M5M5=J:W'-.8L3IH!S1@9ZY&&'.* )E)P(5*W&9Z#I+DT\@B#,'O(_8_##N;


%0DA
M3GD&
Q$)&&E'2@9
\8PY5=J?W.G2?OR-;(X1O)
P6D;QQ@!GQFNIS773UO6_

MCPI4@
)(
FC&T4%
@%=DA!_]\A(?3L, L;V&G948'ET[YUSDJNUU+<
MT)^[,Q!YQA61,H,D2CG$ F-(0].E-@YD(!,1AP2[]&@XOHT3#\S0C^'&[&&F
M3M:RUCUIFW&4KJ7+1S&ULQF&(S7U36L'C\D=G&B$Y'D0QBU/KK3S'7'Y[1]
M6FI\]FD_&OBS*


&*PCBC/$UHB%+F



M3O=N]69%ZV3YID%Y1G!3-MKBF9FDD=M.6&!(RBF$FE8HZITR0/?U$NC80:



L@XP0$_/#





G//GCTI[
M





9W;4VZR?YI\H 4ADK(P2& D:*R=PS#6<R0=@Z#
M(.9"1XKZTNK:62\-$XRR7+K[70*NIE.0=?ZC;Z;7*&9:?-%<@;!ZNB/VU+

M__X__SR=_? %EZOI8OZO?^'_S/[R \[3(D_G'__U+W_[\ NXO_S/__%/__3?



M;V3^)%T_//@;]3NX_#6H/P(N0/)__G.5__(__NF''\[%L5S
\!V6'^I___;N




M6:8?%LN
2[(^ET2%9;J#CV^1?_$;/WX.2_H@2)^FLWSYKZL9&D+5ZT4;D9^K


M2EYQP10$%(F.]+K;DK


M/6#EAD H#

M[*F^Q0R[ 0#)_/Y69B]P\^+Y7J2DU6:W*E AJ@+RUX0TX]YUP4CD$GPP?$

MUC*G[SE9]@;'-XOWXWH

J(AA3'2@E
X20
M(J3@

C_W&8^';MK7!AGA
N#I!M%]AX

7-FP'%IP%H1E+.%POXA

X8XV5/$/:%D<Z^6;Y=+KY

&$W1-HWBY6

H&VR-T1V\(G.4I00.&-@54K92NFD':*B[V$*M@/

\G0#B3H


M88X
@EIV/7O[:3&_S CE(
E9TAEXB!J4BJJ6/!B0.NF
R:.7;  @W%YW.S \
MD_3K04(=&1#O

PPK.OWRJ]7JK&;R
M
@N8

MW-Q

M
&M#L





M%&P7L'A[%F?3]
:9Y&('%GPGSVU6US6ZF%]\?5<IP7G#_CG^@7]\N\3
M;14*]!RR+B0OG22Q1P$_CXGG$EC@8HA2Q:T)V@Y4SR1CVT8-(V/KA#C*E:M?
,X$L2VZ* XE)@Q+$B7,F@7 YQ,)Y87S(EY]W-@.*<\D(3N

M
/*L


]I2A8UR(R%*X


XST'YB@
J($#


M

MPXE+PB3:.Q =N?K*20DA90Y%:J:L



Z_0@HV6T4&,
M ES4 93@$:HY
H]#PH&=J['[9K=X+3:6\3[XV.Q#K.!+-#B
R[77]_.0ATK
MD:L7][E&J-6:\LR2T'+3$+'FSVL7&AL]N/IP$[

M#JS

M.Z/(A
''' )/;9R?IXGKP2D:!%6#:Z(#=%W1S0JY_HEIR*H^T8D8:U??!#SJ


V!'9RMSG

M=3O(9

Y



Q7%_


MF
F06LNS3)DR^-6J'ERJ7'S12T ,ZQT.SBF[@II@AB4]JGV278)5#E=F)W

=N#E+#E $8*



MMG@5?%&20I':BU




4


4AVU9_';C38^X7J:*
3[AI4#&QA_^\E'Z&;\O';&WL




6


MQ'/93\H=X.3&933%HV^6&X[RYE[Z+2XW0V$G(1N=)9W0.2&%!.@TU);P8%6)


GAFEP.!TD^QYA]&JU.B



M=

M)ER]7\SRQ
E

&42QI@1B




M8FO FAS0ZQ(]-DEX/T[6N
[2P!BX7?TXG$(Z@-=[G
UN4!^TLUE(!U[4EF1U




MZG]ME/.FW!Z0

M.AE:%X33&G5LDB'8GL1QFUNTA5TC18W=[NFJ$^-B?G_'H7?T9UB=+?%RN!!#

\



M

M;5+

K.6[XU7W%OG8B8++T& Q?W'V=7&V
M7I3[0]6)=#:$Y#T47MOSV7 F^ A9R:BYB$O%4?_$!^8-L5Q[V=:8.8=B+O




=:

M'1B6WW!];69/UNOE-)ZM:\SS8?&0Y?0Q%YNQ0KT0@YJ#(W
)R+() C%@FXO#


FHU

M9&URJ0_0






Z5R\,KH-J^G=Z-SP&L$3AZW<.1F<U=;=4I!'&?%(!J6O)6VT*G0P37
M
29-#(Z01ZX7=A%[!Z?M0W
3SR]N/X0_W]8GIJ2Q+7+95Z*DP
XY
M900BTN
MEL&2EVX](

MP'R
W#1F=&!NN5..@9+O9I-4QF
@;]['4LI.3'.&G!R]H'NFB597;9];L]
MMMT8[=KA?)\;8U=D=/'
]AZN+^=.TW?G[3IW4




MHLDT1?[!0A$Q-

ME9.<-ZU*P^QMF.97\Y?A\Y1\] MFA

_M0%N2,10N!4V'O//.D9DV$:)@
5*

M0@I



M1A[]QJUW@H[?'+C4.LDZ

M(8CHD2E7!2'J[%L)(3
!
KC(46:?LVB

VS

KL!O9?]I-S!&?1JGI88

*W?E-_PCY.4




MO]#]MS [P\?8C#EKZ3


M+Z













M?4C:Y&O7KTW*8! ^.FGM

IZGF-!+^;DK(9T;Z\_
M] @C0.]G8'CG]6JA*V1RZ:T

N


MZG^=W_XKEE7(T@$=YO5\3Q[HDS085.1ZZL0M-K%=VQ W;B!Q9)P-KJT.$/CJ




D)B/@3!O&3B
MR4S']LN-^Z1X!(

M'? Z)$E*F U@RD*C815JQM





MC
(0[DYJ

M*]#
:/)'= 3/Z2#0+A?:[#X'TZ1?PD


ME^ N$S*M4=I4JZ/B=U
+/R\FMEQV=']'MOJB<3 F8U3&6M_Z[VYE!!9I
/)ZZLTMRU
M*5P\+IOC.IO-DH\=8^6Y[Z1)]BHQGC@!N+XS=YQ!$-J##L*&J'VRV2S?A#5

':V:-JFN?3O(_1?*T(DGF]18
MM@=O


77%4.)I8\6FL*
M@\HT.;I2@0^(@
$G98T02C;)+]VB8^2'

M(6KSVMEB=;;$:QNNI$YU?EJ(HO;18/25KD


MJ@-'

%W/Z
IV/P[U_
MQZ1D;18E@U/UH@Z5!%]GYRE$ZS
Z84.C :V[$3IN@74CY#755@=H_-L*WY2?


M/U]MXKP


M_([K0ANG4%0F@ 6DG:4




MB


M1$.

DB1(BD6

77
9%)^7G'^J-;L/B\XO/
M/W;I^7ULM2\\MTBVRU@///(*4'+'@JD3-;QB6+CF-C^WUS3I$^:S.C3DZ@;W
KW%U_KG[^0\!;+&Q7V/'DZBR@






AYN7C5=

(;)*+%P\]0A^L0:W;:

M-G2




$YXR$X&R0@:7L2I/6/X_0-.[AV!I3
M0REC1/NT6JXG[^J


V


PAH




M0M$%M$%7-'D!0C6YV-B6P&Y?!C2R4?MKYSMPQRX'/82[@QZ:.V=;K'UL5VU7




7U5-63\4F:


M1-H(;X4/=3AR'3C*)6V=$H 


M._?XUS6X$QM=LC$6$

]'4 CU&W+CQ81OK-)@R.@#8

RKLL&

3
M^#X^)](7SGW)M443_5$T.1#*U ZI/
O:MD2VF71]'S'=UNWO ZW!I-Y%WZ&_

*Q!E]%6NZ#QGMAJ*
%JG)
ML
(M:.NV0O\09 VMD^]B
OIK#*LCC%+Z=IEC^VB/
CS_N)'KWW'Z\=,:\PG!.GS$GZ:KS;KO
MPAK)!:@CDB<J*^&LF!-S4<K'NC
%PA
!8LY&.%8$Q'L2FBWOMHN&+IM]IIJ
MJP





MRXI Q*W:HP^ K&\)Z\QN'02#)S%V@$XZP-C[




M.



1V\%

E9
H1
18@!



@HK&:0<)
T.
ZW*+\AG]<__7[-7U86.;V
MQ^.V!!S[J-Q+,$=H92$D9J4D,,?JR!!47L1&31FEP5WAH=G%LA\(]ZW2Y+X
M&=GZZ[&MY




BC

WP2:Y0WQKO


&
]@BM

Q







8.!\##+MCWI]C?HX?27ZY
;:<B6C!(K4:H.S:N8X
MN;8F$@:U
A+
MDXX2VY$WKD\Y&&9NVZ<&NNFZ].L^06YR<%
TL6GM35
]Y%\#/



!_!86W#PIA+G&=G8I
RGUT)[=@0













MOET#Z#BW
FD#J#97QB@@\EIAG$JTQ65F9=


KU
M*)/0-3V7+&W ) 









M8L_U(









3.IBH@0!#.@K-




H;,_H$(J@S$Y;H)\D\-Z@*3'8Y)N

M
*:E4IA8 8^LQFN
$7\R A


0&Z.-=[C]6W6YWX;_3M[4N @QGN8_@)/(3.05?+F HO0/
M@LD$F'3&IFTU]

T_U
8

@
MZIL;9XL)+'WT\M@^M [6*(_W<?1=]_ZHU2#]HF<]A=_#YC90%T&*0H*!X%.


BIHIO=D!&KNO\SW$-['6?YG-9U\NOVP(U\FEPAD#

M$KPFII61$4)VD5RIM



MX-1C

&*0XI:F0GI
MGA7=

MU%9 )2F!]CE%D2B4=DU
WA



MF@[P-D)+J
G1*B0A)JD310VYQJ98H*28%'D#2N&:#!8^TGNA9NOX^O#(1P9

S(P1''P.D


2'[Q
MS J'




MK.\7
%]?
+P.LV6=FXYGR(V



M1Y^C9!DT!@LJ
D_

MCG( @XXL B?GY073$&2F*#L6J=0I+\4Y@4$F!V7+QP7 *4/^\?[M.[T;-T7I
GUDD*<'#S8*&(61@G#CCDNOP6/)_IB[T<ZC8?A[H #^:DV0GP\@33Q7VM-
MWHB'H@<N7&4LQ=2HZ_SRU04D'4))A5N2IM%6L=B\$1?$_Y(9_( Q/T=#N3]


MC88





M=&Q


A.

MG
D6$(LQV6 =-](DAOG/'*N!Z&TWQVH(!GJ(=+Y[P
^
')FQQU=(I_07WQ*M\@TC)NL&:R)

M&'?@




@!.






;4_*<I?!Z&S:%#\! !W'0]QVB/!@?ZQ8L- 8I3<X!0J)P

MP'J=[P1$%25$U






6'P=3-

M%1
IT9@FBC[UNP0;!VC CM$T1V ?7L=KXC@!(L.+.=UXJZE\Z^-A:0]1^E-
M,+K):*Z_4P5V$%AVKL .T5P'$'QJX$&0KB@AZVM=STE V4#0B3 C=JN8$+3

S$+%D#MGFZ%E4A;MCXJ\'
M_SN:[@?-)QFBB Y0M=L0#++PF(O(8#3/H#P6)D34Z9.Q3#&IC9/7$Y^/LD@

#'L

M/:/CMRD






M&I3G9-D\B8B;[%T
:
E=]^A_]N!UVG1HZH/5



I!F#N=4N[6






0B2!.4X&3J#


ZL$IE(1+S-)(=3+#DW^

M*/@L): !%@2%I=)H\!2

HFI
M8CCHDCTH5[UBEHE^24'E6DOQ338^-C=2MRMZMI^*JPT\S$3'L(X8B@:4L0&B

T060G:UF0W
MU1O !(Q27NV+D63/6]BB)VB:MN.IM44:2QD=X.JGQ9P2G
M45?-F3H+[1+JZ




QT&GR
 YF)]%R/RLJMO+S*Z[.! _HA&&0'#&BHJ;HUDI&




4DB3
W&+TJDV'22OK




 2)7E L(9EVM
M

X.4
M?2$_7H@9HP*D*)
SSC


?WT7@M(^N%J
*

MTW_SQ_#7F9(FA
PR6]U[:G T9GB]QTJO+CVK79&;P'K5VXN!$!LSBN]CH


EKF#@T3#X!MC:!]I=T!

M@*;=U

M1=WK[WOQ\/MN^Y-NIZ0Y1&X4AY(K-NI$?4\NS2H)Q-QK9Y!3*(RH/CGUV^


/4TD$P?\O*&SK
M93:?K? MI2:/'_Q;-M%C,E@*L%3G'G*7B$U?P-/H_
YVM*X

MS';J[ JUKW=F
49IHV$*DD &RA0)$14#4YR((0;A0I.;V3UHG?::;0JTME%C
M1TA=/

ML3

E'+5.P :16



F;')%?2U/$ IH]8(+MA$
G
LNYP+
MBTVN






R'&+I:KL_=U





8Q5:73#+,$N@,94BR^*4X4HW
M63BP)[W31HC-47D



M9[9&YKYXL)IDH2)WX)1W8&*2S MN.3:)1Q^AI8\\9T_M;L'*OJ+NUGUHJL



9YE;+2-
$Y4ZMQE+N&9<I*)Y!1DG3@HE\W5@R!*?XVHB_ALZ&Z9!^)X?@H.VRH





MZ(


M1T;=)

MY+7LM=Z

*Q;W%.[]:Z



*]7'U^NO^<7-Z5'+K+EUA0HI6ZNI3 /ZM(\\)X5LELVEMCD
KB\U7;3\=A;B['RVFJV_<ST'\
Z/;HNR/UTNZ^']2+)_


NY^S5


/4I-




B\U5EIK]K$\3O0-FT9

$H731
MWG#KFUP6/D'3M&6G5L@:2PE=(&H3=;Z94VJ%'\-?MT88 R6Q+!LP@=?AC;R6



O#PWBULZ@4WN3'W
M+(K@R7


MA'*4'@5M*ACJ#F




M


M:)F1^!SQY)AWPALME-X)24]^S;3MMFU0



0T4'PUGE4
1D4PT V

UTKD.MRV11
DRAQ*R)A]O#?%\

M:O4I1

Y'9ZK


M
M?J:7&^T*%UBD+0)#D$K0V@4-I8S

'_'6=?32X?10
?EM<KL[H1)D88R!9LE+7CP7P.4E(
MVIHL,3EO=LL%1B%GFH)DO_ <7873[T??^R(H&2NEUQR8-,1F1*\XQDXMXYQ
MIV6QN[56M+J
&[WDV2\N#U3/] 6% RHG67M;JW. =4.8LC%2$F\-9!-\5
Z%



MI:-:'(4 
H.O'7S2*5'HT I[?W#IH

MZAOR%4=&%UOGJVI6MP$+
OC!1D^2([LL0B0^_:$ NOVZ?D=/M #/GF+N&#@?
M/\^65PP9Z3%&6:^MJ[PBI\ 0A8




M\Y8GDYDQ




M^2:#6YXGK4LK
J-'FHTY0OC6P5_.U@L^&6Y7!



6L^MWZ?F=M1Z/(OY\ 2XEX5KG EY$ ]PXBJ\D
MZJQT=SGY!I6^S&CDP.$G-G


M539.YMRLV+4(_1,VW3=]HYC/Z%WAYV7X6)V\8%H?G=_.X1XV=H$4.I[129




M



)Z/+;6UI3AD\J3JF

3
MB[6/
 H!/H3UDK2 C@N1\Q&BF.^)ZLD
[:GU)Y%T@ JZ@]
_Y^'+8KF:_2]%
M][.+5!GZ;8E?9I=?7LS7\?Z;BXO+

R:G2
M;*+ (81/.SJTM0-LKLH.G.9N_&[8/O1L!3 (.J@#)1@9
%TA1<:LPHVHF[BDG<C


6P7AJH=A2$@ V:*Y+'P
M8
V1N[T?H7(G\/E3 E\[)9W 


&23P1M
M
2AC4#2)W4ZE@7
( G9IX!PB[PYRV$=*^I:I^E:U4/BHB VGWC%P1RZCJS

M?^\A5(
4O6N;S!I3]TF\^3()&N%RX&J-/007$NP264E$MD%J3D+*?=5ON=

16/*AR6BSTWA&
$B]SSXC


M
!1J

MA09


XN?POFK^8K\]MH<&Q$R][$ R]+5B10)8@D)
M!'(TUI:8S




MG0PL1J
DWV5?Z.XHF-(0'*Q^SK?0WP3:_V7V7SVY?++]:+L1+19J8Q1(#G

M%4


ML9W _BZ?QT%B$P5U +R[$COC@ANOA*8@.$J*B3F'F**'8@L%






;JXNP3-]3@UR[
3))6LZ]4+2DD^VW$0&+-*+HK(C@2;'@J88RC[




M62=QOSRFJBI)WB-Y^=&$WU7,+I.ANX,$ W&.LOKE2!SGG[17S*$;0+
1J


OX!TJT+XV:R



S$1')EOGD@^VBM+


\2^^XD% EZ0)!6R





M27EIE;ZW)G++

 NU?5L[\IUC]69


)Q&X





M905K
+_\]E.-LJZJF
9;YB1#



 JKW^85


$J9-/!B53
M37*@AZ1
C)UQ='S_-=IA N\!
HLO7Q;S-1\OKI^@
Q:MH0/$ZZH3I8J%4+=U




GO&
MTU%@=



!SC_?7;V\#PU-=T$:&.#(O1Q-J/

$/[5Y


LP[RA343K9E^W=T

8T0U$'L

MJCX5
59@W?B )#=






B-

M@*?:P95'#2$R U&(%*5BR4OSFNS+K_R(W15JQ[]T

MS =4# NFL^C].:P=I801(.B?6*




MYT?ON=0[ EM[$*NWEW_

MZ)U*


$@)J]COX

T$$T[Y-G-CGJ1F6%/9YYUNM1'X8ONLK'=%!,=D?XRTY]QEJ6[J&.


MU=



M$/+X(TV
2\
TD.= Q&32BLX/P&!C?4=WY+QBJ97]
2I



MT?W2,_#9;+0+H(CQQ*T+S)(C[SHTA:PQQ



(:\]3VW9GD?5YXQQ5U)('CQ)+!:7RLY
M!V4T5VA2:[1N.5#R!OVG:D5T!JH9@26[):K!_9Y'V]!<
Z
TR!2KK'UO.D

6F&I#^'WAJ'&(;-#HMO]Q
R.6:E)T*PSJ^?(#9%2*6





M#%7K!$YDVK\9'1.893!M^JZ=3/IX(Y&M4=RC2E^)(7[[K9;(?9B]GY%\-]D;
M&R])1Y)R2!Y*K712M$?!*XET FG#-]LUMVFEUYGD\48P6X.V!Q4.W43V$#;_

DXUB/1O
M/)!'8OYP_;V6,M^&(28V*D0;.%CF&!#G)P*JX$Y492)BO'=FI8]ON!+*XTW
MXGZ


_?VVA^[Q-1
HV

MWXFU_$+J8 U=M.AD$/@RH


M7@0&R$)'

]YX;:\ .E[T R:H[A[N]V[4'V8_


M='#'*EGK#4MT(\FNM7=U&*7C#:+V9
P:*&S$F/R\F)
WN?KY^2K
5L3G^W^O
MI]^O-X]HM?R8^PS2

',G.'1.J0:?P@*D@VB9H]+B'3,@2G2$2!C
MUFT:@S0L3]L?#-XT2IM((9%;%\!ZFVGK%0;.D<'E7K/,C(JZ3?+XW2-]Y'[
M&(SLVJH^E3&Z.J=F[6JV^;HHR+OZ;+=8&!]9YB)JS^G:R#/T!:(J)8?
M4?@F_OG3Y R+I%XUOJ]^N[OX1PFB=_/K
)U-I


TC=5@]0.KOI0Q ES]8[;

8K)C@H18(+

M\W2V97


M[PD'$]W3&\*]]2YVUGLB8AP)L$X7.IE\$:!L






:.M93:_5N_ORC11S*X2[

$1+;#.0ZIXOX
M:X+IF_5R.B

MSX47I50+J1Q+Z&MR#H]!VOX1M T4.((S_ FN-CE&







!NYC[+)K
X]] P;]SCK



MH4$A/3_$0^J
,_7L\:*3'=16W3

4(\;3=8Y%P+K3(PFS4H65SM

M
E\;SCCP*M8 *L^L/GE;U:3XZ1$EX\)+%_7N7JA.DO4(P/*$-?YX5X[ !/?9


(Q\!AI^QD
IOK*WC=)PCJ:TM=4*'0V







];OA$NQ2RE^2UI=J.364'

!



LW
K+U9O.+ R$LLTQYL*P^

3E3 &/UG6$SK&\,O!HQ;70(



M)NTJ.]([?%/+WC!S

MVH/(Y)LG^B^[%WW)IS\]5@3UJ





M2JN\\YKKS&

MLG7XHP]:Q38)X4\0
[ 1.E'!S^*E@[2'=LF_U *'^'/'A?@TNVM)8 T*$0+8


?^37
.W



M?$^1I






C$DD(H18'VM
M@HRUDC8D5XR)DNZ@_PT
Y1_X V=K_(TV^&WAUS^GJV]OU\O5_!H7[_]*5Z2Q

9
=:'U=1O(8S.T:


M%PG#YHV=$SD=Q=X9

C'




0=1U\$!FW

M#3PHM ]$/(JT]R+]5V5-3@B?[_M4.]O2

M.NG[90QU$/[X4+2M (F%
R]+J!UZ.=WTZN 9*1D4I9P(PEECSV& QE!ZTY.F


MBW2%3+(8IIJ$))XC:EBKU)_J]V+J1#V
 %.W@U7^O\\F?XOK6R!HVFRZV
M6N8(JG!=


M*&9('#))X$$R3%FA:M-/_3$IPUJ8TU3[#$XZR'D$2/DXG^7Y;&
=8YC]ZU
A


+A0#3+=3S5YA5KX[#-)S/E#HNST
MT7L HE_M@N?!JL/FC_5V
'67Y!C4OT6M]9%V0+' 
WJRM-*0LY7IET)PX043




M6
 H#



ME#:L
-I;V0A'ME0D%ASR1ML4)F6?HFU5#[!K5*U#?&#I!]J/T&_3OS#?
M#R)/))=1$.S!V$ NO6

UG:!I5%+9O))VF@5&!J2;)

M&FF?%KS]@_I_
2SQ?_^/_P]02P

2\SV?^ZW^]^7!V\S^7YV)8C!)Q^=OK=Q=GXKO]'W_\X\G9CS^^


'


MRERG _%'K/*/8G_?775FLJG5@V$AC@^/#\4?QG[48\F_%[I(U(D?YU\_\N=_
M_4@/^5?/Q-.3?\5Z+'3\G]_I(]E_?GC8BU3O5?PT?GDHGSWOR?CI\7.EGK^(


D^A4
M[;O)'AW3#

B]T?_KS2-J!3O=[IBC





LL



NSO_[MXN;_V'N%+2E

GEQ<WI^^ +9T=!&(*2PF<:#MV



M( PW=

( X8TU



#]_UFD,<_X)Y5^L\RR1TY]T2E1*SZT/T\&A.U %+*(_83<[P?\VX]%//_C
MJY?5O0M_;]W\(PW/CX9YYE,__.[)]_-G/-G,-T5S_'LJL?*%CJ2B?N.]]IO
MFG]C&7 +D^A8^/.?R3C6Z8 W'@^V_X(W_HA?5;V'VGW[D$LW[2 8M5
_5].


MX:TX^_#^!D31]7)+O5D6!X
OE$V;O-33JYN+LW?G_&J/Q 5G$YS?G&(TC[]]


!MM:Q
MD?^5FDFBXH'::6)Z&8AI'1MY&D4PF0+1VIHVX&[2U*M 4^O8R(LT
C8SEO'9

OA$4J;T6I^_?U.':RZN+L_/=/7W'P5&\






MM)VGXB+-2_C+YS+M)IV%T/Y:-O*]*72DT$#TU8J_R@+&DHEXH\8J
1DE:.XR


MN(







#M*6&PL![ I**6TK6#B8SHC\TQ!;6LI5_



5/\#TE6#

M+BXNMNREN%5LU%2_]
^



L($M


M198(
R'WJ3M(9XG


Q5(4Q9X&O9_(G?JK-?1T
5EXD23PZ.

M_UN):U8W:^F-%\(
X)+
![+ZUHS:QD'%0@1S#U%FACDDD





M%*_+'NB3C!6U&G-\W





BW03YAQZ0_Z#@8J558FR11_
M5UG!&4*

U!NSCI# 
[V5%VPM&#O^56&H!4;^!-P



4DE3E;@.0




I3
*S&57F4L^

RX0B=BAF$B6YV0PSVB(W Y70X-@

ZFB_X$P56,TR^MN%$TN.3M;

M-\

CU:#DGW32((=W5 X3ZNHI
]GK4F]A






MPD@







3::\ZOYH XV)+<[<,QL86)28$YG'2F@3GL)G-H)S!MU(Q7X S/
MJ*OIX:'(#D8'/CL&N0/IS4VX(*<GG8.

MDCY914XF'JT)S)R5/7@P*I@,@U]Q^-0JGR?=_HLEI_U5+E1RK*$#)/50A0
M!!55LS@\H;_(OZ6-39E7


B563E/1Y/34
FYLJ.Z&




8!4)
IQA
RQ'B
M!'5:7QP-XN3/1E=&)[0XP8&3 #S8;N
Y_'$D&6#9W=.'=UHY[Y\\_Y+G!FYZ




J/PGK]ZQQ_HUD@$H(DG6I4X56Q6RSE0C17!7QP

7QZ%8&Z




BB(0ATHYH=HJ

M86NXJFD);TRCV1UE



0=K:




M'L+S$K:MO6'INKZ_] 7U$MT;%U43-7NA#M8?=G#D8[



V+$?
E(2;T/ID
M59TW0KPO'1)V^6PPIG)1[/$0
0;\^Q?_OF;*L$?8WHS.XD:LR;&Z *?%
-
455YD9#X9;MC;MT/&N5@:M4&F[X!N]4$3=SYVR98*L
MH3*+
X3:=7^:1#.HU*#4



I_(-0B&1[(F!
P

50QIYM7(+T+
MA





OH7#8F UQQ*P2(MN/^TI38$T@;3\U








S0=[59
MF5RY]FY-KRG#[9
%QVCTN)4?
ORD5


AKXODM.
JB@2'7^?CLX!


R7^3+D5(LDL\

M ##ZF)I)HN(!W4JZANCA(KWUA96E59R;\


\G


M%=TUV &\1




@!?)



VC-VO
M]M7(3;_ZMJ\M%GRJ?IEC;_+4I/NQSD'VP=
I$E7(CQROFD'_:M614I[&P*T+
M5VPU-]-S%BELEELJM*H'/6XL+W5U+R-WM,8D4&TW:9PTF&7 ,/J!LJ,]9![
M#_LQ6$IPZYZ2@-1?@7!VN0& K#GL;6P!M5!6:9N;VQ[?3+PB#V$/JV%T7)
M@EUUTIE, L/?38;O^[+TW@
-H42Y_V^V@[G2+LV(U9CE9B


L=
M&[Z;



;]
QAI8]OK: ^12HK
<W+)DD &@%V.)
M

M/JA\*E@


T)L
$1C



2^9ZZ.43E6&2@=JX97SXP<#B.-6-].OI NS.P[!S.Q#IP
M5






MIL0H
XAL(J3SM]_!U:QNZQBML7+1LU[58@;2P$53#]+J4T-?B=!_CR3#0J







M7;8*(4YC9#?



M9SDAO%'3XQ^1TY9C4TZX]%+:0ISA-FP^51&7CU7DFLG]Y!+0X3(@N.MHJ.(R

M=:D
E L +)FZO9$T*5/U*=.4F(Y_*AMIK&QCD$M*$W5F'$@SDJLC _R#0OM5
MT5LD

WT;
89G;-F(S0)4EXKJ ;'G
M
U[V,).1QY7 +&K#9D35:!A-JS0%H&MG;2Z??[@:WM*%LCN'@[!1
=(VL;





/]#MF*+..9^PG7MN$'
M7( RU$CA(.[3YCJYQW9K%TERO P&7_A0:OAFJ'2;0;^%ME:-382.PR94!\/?



X)KOR)(MZ.-A.UE]!&4VI/.


34D@ABLI

JIBR2$%E?YI


A3


M5ETKX-0]&]
G\#KNS:UBA7-P; HS'


3@ Q$JK=6@1_[0






L$J=
+A





M
9 ZU%?5[



M=_.QVO/H'[8;!^JVWU(9OVMFS:)R&;-F#P/H@4'(U&00H&*4CE2!LUZ54$




&3-8A\?9H64/
R/AGAQ&S/M443]E5D
-
 J$\9)=KN5?JI8] 4QIY8
M7?C$5-Q+:S[QUFG)OYT-_&XY9(F#)(!E]O<6N3I



MG4-MCL=;YT+/:^F[UNA8(V5]WBGL[U/INCMK!JT8-K[..')52%XCXM#)/(

QJ9]W(!;
M'BJ9%.13KB&D: HP9JU




MH@B:2-!$?A#70VFW3R.A1 &:^6

G.






MAAHQ-3%]8




M('T/B




W?
].

0WZW20%Q6TH






/
MW 2D;P%*A\P+4#+ZP.,ZST!.$1)G7%J/+E1,5#)6^R-8R]#5C :V<\+(1('7
M[2O\45'&S77%1A




M!%)=VVZ^47ULQQM(<RVJZL%1)PV,=(W4:66_: 0E I&N1]I'@4C7MZ'G/LW;
M9Z$&,EV+F#\Z#$2ZMNUL%3\-V#\NSZAIT75UR50[5HT@+_V.L$1L&;2':7<



DQ^4$D#I6[JIOXJ
MTS+1?14(]


S@NXZL


MPJ$MUM=HBQ7:@H2V(/?@JZ$M2&@+LBE[O1W*EYFF







M-+?D93;



1.K.I;%!C7!JQ+-P#-:Y




M6*L)YAWJQH(OK?D3?32_ W


8A@W0^5R






5$6@M6_91$.9A6K
3.1AES+Q=!QO]5PGZ0


VMRCJ.^D3 6_-M&


F6]!P7N 64F





MYZWB.0C\H4K(26Y5;WH@;A9=


Z6371AI/=
M1Z=D=Y$=WHIQ'1\\[;9Y0
VL



M_O1O?0
CG6[5*^  6^
52!?QQT
WDE
X/C-9/O7AQ/9B%[#V7J'B%
4SW)O#

MAD3=_

MF/ 07:NB2-BW^]Y@OMIV)3IZE9;Y!=D4&S7M6U



M+OZS--FT&6_FN9$FS_[EGZ8K] EC))TJO





JDY;3


RVC5K)';RD
M0MTE9_].4E\;=KYQ]$SRD 7G2HA%QB$SX^&)Z7-E/J*=A HXZ#2:R;FL[0:

32W(#[VW0EN=A.!:4QH!%W0
M!4VF+*H4%;0((RXZ/KCHI8C%@WF]$GCPGT:3GNF8K784K#%+HX)P%59.!&I]
M5@/;[R*.X4=@GOL@P ;6*Y:(VI@C
 )\BX/G

9=

3I*[03M3X=!I$S/A5 .\


)Z7X@
MR&DQTL8W










M=V0[?7ZFTVI93EN6Y


N8M^Y&3\U[JT69.7\X*D.8

MX)SH=0.]MC5[
;&L.1C4AR5;9-7S5MX^Z]
07F.BBM-$A(@[D/A1P?AC28


MO0)ZKC
?&9?]

G7XQ!_9C.P^MP'M9]


/93:N9!NS22SPI ^#01
M

O9M&U?C

M?FY6]4!1\OAO@\7'PBB/?



=O.KSU168V/HY75

M!5HF
MKNS2^?N8HO[:XUZ\J9/Z%]:3N)_F9&KPI07?\H
T=&L'2JI$I1JCWJ&S+3R3

MPGVE;(%P'$\Z;\)Q?-#CR#7Y

?5JI/?OG$_[CCF.%
-9VA;$:1O]F
M1K2V+XSUQDS2K0UD50;EDI7















*G
-07TW6QC(J2FL?73^^YMMNT.P?B+1;2?)+8(IYZ'OJ.G)4

LZCVL='2
M
7QW)45
M@NQB1H*/[8JAF:@Q4I'G*

B

IEIH4 X4%]3_44TEHHW5+DJ

M4=$X-C P)N*;!2=O]K1572)!(4=TC$23$0:WHK;
[_+4FPNK-L]HPG'
BIZZ





LZFE[6WD.AF.V.0=




MC!/C927=#7*G.NDJ

M 86&/BA


Q=6^UQN*J[(?8?%*;5PTMKU:

/+IQZ@)G8]%;9F6YC9LOL

 VK]02C0Q*TW2

6



8ZKN]&!1F)+AP@YB. ;[X\P[6VP^BJ!A=
U;=5Z/M
_L+
MQ.$GJ/DQ4T75M/!I_(\MK5L&+1OB=4L&3Q0(/B\:AAC#.F^&$WP\&?U59YW?
M!$7C\ZHPHAR::I7 $8[E8DW8!5A\V#BO6

MAA0&]Z-%[3#[$1HU'#U*A/[(&YNV5O7:^K*:F\YLJ:A&B%^F$0/\(AHOFW3A
MC )D33G/^5=QI662[GSR;0V_JZZ^[A[
QET9#/I$989XV@F*$M&\-VPAX




(X0
MZ!F!*UPVC!E!A6 252H+BC;U[I.XUKAR1F710[9;(S;[_-.7=Z_?OV4G\\/Q
M^



M034VI&*'QP=
-T9F'0

M_G 4[Y5K]



\]-_K
KF@)'O\RE

BH





_91IQWG&IXP%K0_V4BC$BK$RW __FHZE^O
E
MA#


&0%_BD6FKF1 ?X(I$P*-\.16A2DM


8H?]:\###[ZZ=_B7=SR5D=X(@&OL4%K')1-L[<!3


%=T.C$U5=U-VRS=8I

I-I*%ER$\16Z/


MU\/SQ(&HY0;;0_%




X\NYP%=SN^TV#T

LA_#__BCLP-
M(1&U*RZ K0D![%M4VF 6!?=.%#M@;5 @M]5D? S!*?V'S=+Q)C
=I+50]!


M
$HF



MPK;82H

M)-'





ZJ;F7$GK^P








T&Z






A0(TQMCEHNM)CL\($'(8BRRY50A!@_1@:#!XP?


MC%
7?J!0ZF]+U?#T;3' ZV E7D

M=*-WW)H

M3'%Z!-?U;Z]V
MP#G83GA.


PD#PPL?$
M8(0I@X)0AT@ FT0W+?Q9-'
V!]O'X%F2DU^M6?&]0T*3$8



M7-AQLYT_;






$_=O
MD)8ZCDFD643NQF#ZFLO4).%#M6I60JHXBVT19U9Q
+Y4:SQ$8P^NK=UD233/


M
BD7P9=6NJ*02\H]

DPHAX0(VHA!VQ2Q]X@(2-Q^U':NX
MCHJ93HN

MC

C&U3QF$?$


BN\JR%
TZILD+_I+:D:K#':/=X0ZU-F0FW/P !@D+=




7#(6[_=N:/@K$5&
:E
M:3R::YP(
:7/0^Q.$ULHM 



M]7'49#9ZT()I0$G1 NT76.IB@8UJ&H#$&1WXR9S
8SAN0T57RQM+
N&]=[%U




.:L+BX/HKWC7NBLT0\U 7C;98 [H27CN\=&3ER
*QZV9CV?16


JM X


=.*KU7AX=_2-@_? (.BBT(U2$6EH#]HALMH^ _A]

MX6+ (W6$X2=#PULA)
(K



?;UIXH03!1A(QPJIJY\&2R




!9-LVS;LFN

M!3$FV^\=_6.CSJ9O;!QL%(=[M
I=#O5/6/:

BL
MG+.*WBJ.4]R6\^61TYY[)7VYGFQZC[PQI$Y QW#=]FE]@36@UD



MW1
QN0&0%8.6MBXN=)HTI;G

M][4'&B$#Z^&Q8SGG]D]JGM!?[R
;@+O768*'9=N



MD#;'S!@^*E\*

.\20DH^O]7)U7T_P_E_U^':CM?5#4KL-)[1
'
M$3B_'@_ D_;;C[QQ]]

2D(#[':QHV.?@]%SKW $\.6J31?II+LF%X*0;;+KK5&
HOYFNR=6


M=]
?R+(U#?%1?H&XAS;B2FZP6?P90Z;7L:8JT=2:2X;K9:;A#5-IY$J&^_TO



QZZ#[82/42/@SZXN




)


M(K(L4]91F-(@:(.AFFA+K?1ZUYH8:Y;BBL-SF



VN7W$?L5C1=?M0*:7IB*-@IB
V\E4(6A



*$
F
2 




M




M'Q+H_@F9_Z_1_#^4^7\/EHK%_P[_0J(._2%D:L06\L@[=
])&O&!(!8B$\TB
M3Q?2
(




 D,DBTW?4LWMB_EO<3'?
MWV)F'*T4:(8T)C#IFL 2TE*3N8#UK-8.7*J_4I^X[6K=8TW+U++ 7F+X_NG0
R



D5MN[?(72E(NB14 3
MOGEZG0IX:NNT[HY:&)4E%Y9Q'



&V5+_'?


1JFVZ'A=
S4HQC0VR17<MJ_Q#7.7WZ*X'JHV#-465
ME+ H:8B0_J4I*$4NH%Z@NP S#S]9KX
6=YHL# */5AI^H
3NMT&^/9U
N[HJ
MI%E0?.6&(A$

:]\]8;B
8B%

M+!_/&=IP/AH5UV6_B]PD_UID



MJZ504
+3@@ET,Y/+0D(GLC60DA[CV+XH8N&\LQ+.C _?\9_(-++G9UV].:
MNNM@0(



MHW=Z;
-Z9W(G)')J.
$QF0L?#Z5W](3Q%1^667E=7[+0_+&!AWL\

M+.N64O%

M]JX4BI\:JC)6QU)=Y?

M]
[
F#Q@-L\



ME.40*QQ.D.1%'6B
_K




ZG'/F

/_+[+/%=EU'O-K
MBI Z'EL\S]K#N(HKFH

]5:J)
UL/2L:*9S!0I-2&SL_KB2^


*7A

6FUP!?FL#WE



8KX18U-
M4T18$$LB=VE[+5H50N3E$SNIFFC]7-X0L3!V

1V
#1) E?




MO9-)W/0/-=O[VF.SK


I!W7JQWQ_A^9O[H;Z?DK#
C%XV.L-]1GK-68T

O2\DUE\C(1IC$H')C6H(0

M25'9O]+K\3CWV2T)'1S^TL9NW@\OIF\C


LBP[YH5JO

-[CPF[)9&G -12]


X/R=A(A%L=XLF





)X_PI)9] 77)FL7WFF



MH *'#4@UDW:
M5BQU8PA&
)T6&;WH0



L%_Z&P6[G4[+1V


MF'? ]N5:-N/0.$



3YJ8B^^:I-35#+YZHF0GX[P)@EDHS8(D


3
C:E/58$96WVAVV2ERLY-
ME[D+%*0--?BLKRL:VSUS-T7^;*
+[._I&(
^R*;ND^T;50GU6JXGX-^$_5
@

M=\'OIBA)W'9NV\5]=R]@^7YK
-?B)FN]TE7G:F8ZE\0)!X-$=


4-4D)TZ@U'K
S4&K_?O;8N&







MQ




M!P3*&*S.UPWX)?RL'5*44 RO*89A?M?$;?/HVP;.'H(F)&#4U4S-.%);:(7*

MBQ;K#0E6J'N2M3A%T?/5SB7;A(W
!U



6Q?&R6/-TRKH7M9YULCY&2T#X%]B*G$WE
)

1X



]C61M4

GYL9M^
M

.#23&_Z;









=_KD-07A1?

:*
.U4S0O* W#0\4 UG:TI$8




MWV#N?P(O4*FVXOBG=NV6K2H1?*O%DPY53?OSO6.+7Y5JL[6\*H#3RU97RC
M*K?C$*#I#5/&CN2KDXN+N$'W.@1.+)J?D9#O.
;!/^A6^ /'MYDU![C_$R:Y
M?@





W+=Y6)Y\GBLJUNY@%@NR(:S'H&XH
M1BF;QSVQ,^XT5F([FCOM\DZS ?1U/5AH3SX'1ZUZ;)
+@^RL&G1^F+'*%/


MS. /$E$

MUTUT0K9D^

-;D
@1

M3-D56








=T49-%JQ)4+



T.& S'E?IA:F(BMX8##$*7C %KJ;!4&BEJP[I

U#'_8A!UKO_C]D5


M DT33K+7A0:C039D8BD9B(C3
SPP#6=*G:NYPJD88GH!4X5V$'*T$DQ96S13

P-BI10NO%:D8^$.?[( /UH5R,+.S5[66#

M


MH9AKA%NB$IFDSH+TN94G38.(8$[D^L@SBP)I&N

M/_I+G#]ZT/FCI^H#M[EVQ2RHNB6)PB&6;.S.=J009/.4RZ+1-V'/]AS9XUS:








M^=$E'\



M/)W&P
G55='




M1LQ7Q'S=#S6SSDI5XS231@

+V!$&+9/5#

M)?6T$EUET@FA/6HG]X*=9K-5WFEIOVV-NI;(
H:?LG6-H%&'?1M3
S]C8I;2




MVGB:_


*WNL=Y5(FEE]F%1*#40L!




MI$Z
1W-#3G0U[PM=[;R#@4/]B).&-$:WV*X$O^KYS+M'#Z/FY#11RC0#MQ




2Q8;0

M%R^#

$

&BTY19/&6%LL0U]!5K, FU/KZ]$*\9K<YY?E+,D1?=/QHYEV2C2?R:
MM

MF7IL!#D
M/]V5-*S]'ANG@VBN2'$IQ7VW3'!^.W
C&5Q_3[FS%@C0V/T0?SG




L:'+*#?8SUNA(6CABMGJC]YJKY3H





M:2^ 24
CF7K)G+07\H3WANY+P8U4L!V(&
S]7/VV$5K3N(4=WPJ/)*30#(
(



MAX*ZX
OB0CU')


MO#6762U-O% -Q






M]\@CO_TLW!'NC%'S^U




22W
1M&9%'#[(M?S/@(#ZKJ89U_YJXHF19

$M?WA[X1[GT4D9ZJH&F;;8DD9
M*:GRUXO:ZCHU7MB)FJ (4C%KS4)IMANKEBICD#PSKI
%(NC=WIUHN/^V_O^



MXXH%WCM?2O?+=6$I_$75JN7]FAZ.1J2WLT%U*[$UK]^D+H%_@S]@.G=-0)

5=RIWHDDG5712##QPPG:IC27N;FL
M4!&]O# =FH@BNQ!@YZ6I+\@87U_5$L7T:4K8GX1=Q\3R1W;?A:W_9ZIVB76

M

M]+=.(69
?[L01[D1PH9'Y/&4XKHI\*[HG'!03%8RIF]99R;PVG!BQ!$$/K9
M$N9-NW):E75^

MF/

MU3RPC4Y.H1M4F3/+=1\829
7@HM$S$JU_6-#]_XL^4)B-=SSLS/^H[2$LHAP
M

EIFH?Z/#@%N1LXX
M1H@0(?X2(\2]1HBU?D9%#P&/?=)A?3 6/2+^
K@

M'_MN\P



8%WI\%
MJU A) SVKPXYCH11#65@J0G7^A/O6R5[*JO3

M*'R
%@[GA5'?J\M4+(4$A'@.&_TZ2[SDTF37Y;!26?;FK4Y]!?/&MX]IVG'2



M:#W


M?_[[RY_^.H[0IEHS$0FZ^)I80)[QMC1=^\Q



TT;7


MH.#U:TO:+CR+^-IGI%@L!&/HLM7QU.%I!FM]BW(C@FWO]V_BP)\.9W;RZ-OV




M'- ^X\




$'C _N+QH_MF!]9VR







@U=F7-M^#D





=L=V7;[;FD,7ND*V\C<R92:AZ[V%@
M@?0&;9\M.#R4)61#F8D)1DBC5?$M$<52UDH
$






TE*U 1P
M0&_8.I_1<_U5'!9$CVA ZP?U*0U_ 1IB.^,MY-NWZ/<: $O0*B%VK23-J2Q4
MJN;+;)RTG6HB(7JS(QLTS!/2Z;#)6=9S9A_HR9JRT&5GB4!@=L.2X]O_6






-.5-NQ=;@XH/K$[#LLT5)B:=



T^6V^_QA8A&GS-B[V [G!(*.)')-%'V

M.0966!^S@6505A33AY



ZL



?_?''445)'(BPNL/0_


@


MP0?PRPH^F7!+
.NJX
Y\

N%:L4H'H8*AG=Z X:!-


M3/DN=5HKZ2YU:FMMRD3.O^E&5Z:WQK4/E\*.-/MEO0J/K)5W7Q$XGC)NQ=!%
M#]C6K9P&RG)W&%U8?

:!M:5-7S9FT*305LD%_!O,G(+(X0B&9BB!
MEWA],XI],-PGHK$QE@273'4&[G[<GC@#8[3%+8]9.8T_NTA?VUP^FVJP&O2
M'3C@+[N'WHA)AA8^!#
M!MB#6
EC:5ED
^#'7X



/H(QN;[DX.$?.&W_
M='W)M?+1

MDFN-A:PU&O9_[

IX^

MM!6ECDFWVR^9A:8I2UUB/)D&&-=.&Q%8G;4CSK:TJ831KL]CK1*2I'K[MF

M75ZSX-F&T -:F^F1;F!C



M;9

##5P'^ I9O_5(J:.A]:SE?1='SZEC(+5A6:DY4@C1






DB6'!O \?+L!OVSTX\#ZK])__V-O?_^7%!_[O
MC2K^KI3W+KF)AMZ?J@#7ZY4Y%^O1L*%S?3L;-A2E=&Q89[GPWB=9!J;91_@H




M(H_NXM/EEQ?BUGDGG_XX/3\^_W+I'+P'+N<;Y^M=D'?9=E7#OI^QG+HZ-E5



M2&






MB\%8):

U=VX^;GN52

M$WE1#D:Q\:H[IK%[X$7(^M%8F:@20H^!.-7


@.WR)&_B4'UT93T

I'33P%HPK3

WCF


OM1;GK



CB^U*-07E9\6[-<F ^-PRH)<LI?ZI'2T DI7$K,!/NDZ[*6L21D
M,\UZS<=$^^(,]J27@]S1\@46S:+YWK[497
ZB3'=W@2J;K*B+D;%X/:@8P#


M3.!9_


4)1JRG(#%Q6L

M:%8.SGO#6!'@R1$


M+'?3M/:HQZA703-%


(3DO))0:STZSL?B*:U#<(+HD6R
MX]4NV?*@9
NN2[:X9

Z

14


M*JOZTY1
PK6:Q?U0*(T:POGHM01B*&@$9J1*L(\'K'2*ZI1(;_?W7TYV!WN
M[M@Q@6,P,JGQE2XQ5'7YD9T#J9\I8+6=KFQU-WRER&K4&V_(=99$2E(E7$O)
MW64UC2/I&!VFB==H DP!Q_&^Z_R8'K-$]H91'
S:G.A8J0*;@'ZNK;O1#2Z

M.@)#Z4X
Y70TZ$@?7$[CFT(2_-1#V_

M/28%$A++Q@H









M!

M!M:=T[$

_6
M9@ E;8

V]6L:?./'.4N&U


YHB

M  7B.$W@ON0R&7X35=?0W4N=+_GFFE?@_7O4057+9PA79]PII+/YZI;5E)
BZ!!8Z=U1EE:8FAP
]


UNK0??J#%A=


M57 9JJXKUJ8!?7ENN
Y+ B_IM5-OJ[WMJ47Z




0G_85GCZ ?4QTWP9^Y@99
MOXG07\O^K=6@%UJ_OG8)8_ _;K*0$LW =88^90(#@J16+QZKO%R+VQ9:LF%
M+7%
4S6W-KZ-B9I[0!

M(V

UR(#8Y//!4DH29)INB.I.((0PX1
MC$B?)S%(3T0F(ORE2NN??0][Z*3\:_HG2[]YHL32&?I+DS:W#GT')5Q[(0T:







P=5CA7\+?ND1IR<_ZIKT4#\[V
MV&IZS5PAG L7:5P1+V(N&#I7 7/)TZ8]#^1CSD*5K1A*_6%::-W+X8M3O-
M+-;^<&^@U(XWL'I=[I@17G-3V.\?YVOA]ZRQ\5P0,HV;85O+34+:A(I1\(DY
MQ37CN$7]*36ZWA7*6#NC8_G)B7$'^BH-R:'@ 'QE#;+YOK1Z19TOMV93AKI
M!C
5[6AR[#DL!S- M+S(VM5;



M%5]P Z93
Y WFFFU[Y!-#KVZZ@6]K

MZHJ) N/)5
ZIS8*_





M&%_-K9O#



M654@]!I6*$@
-K+(*/-OV-QY4V[Q8UTM/JJ: @*^2%_BSQ8*.^F57-M+O.C8



:#^4%55Z72XB

P7

23#
4%217L:



MK71!V[CK
OBJI$I4
GF87U13:HN
#63(W4!K01\? E:3(J1N$2
59A.JJ;L-
M&)M*.4CJ L_M1FZS*HD\*U
XHOPF@ZOA+:B6O!SC+1)B

N
MF
L%
)&SJ;03QI(SCI!V5*:4X ]@3J

M-L/X!1


G#Z8OF9&!%%6*^-W@G#5;:
]--+1L-C!9.



*6FGY\9A-U0QH(&UW?1U](8[034;SC

MACNY0NIB##$4!K4EU6@[#7?




MMV#4 U1WQ#U6?D8[URWF68!U.U5J/NU4&PO#MUEM/WKK-;O'I\]OUQ^9G
MQF 8!([@CAH&U#MRPO,-D+Q], LK,.W?@SBG(8K:)7Q9,O?X]?H/)WA)9TFQ
MT\K,6!*KY98@W+5%
3CRXM3QO-&:@Q^OU9F1LCI!0%RL+8&.(
!FC_N4([&


6U(]





<7.P<7*LHEP(2



R&L9X]Q8=U_QDWS$3J(


MH0/CA1U



M?3MP


H/%Y8]N&2J]_]T@Q

M:IU5+^B?Q%K5



EH88P.8P1-6_'F,GH:$1/Q,FF
MMI4%U

&$N2YH.


M

*
-I*Y-4T TU8;?Y@C&




M4E-BTLJJ@(Q








'*H#W=H]Y]:NFO8^?'[A
M[V/J;5]2RT(V7:55#ZNHAA80]NVN1A0V%9ZA 4*]QU\9(25K O_
B9*5@JV%
M0




^_WKBQ3O0=V=1
?<<.R3]_K5[JO=


MSI(9=G

MIZ()
I%AC Z?^6_




M&YAT) UAU'C


Z&' ;\=3
M#XLP4P4V-+.:X@.,B! V1^.!




74II?=/8=W U+*&
M

M


M/.-2-&6TU)

MJ/)4!S-TW5M'TUV;?F6IQ9LO%+(*A AW8XJVPH!)ZZV!-2?=*
/#!5KF^SAC
M7E-?;U4\KNU-W+9$76'R2@Q(-%D_!+=%;6#EZJJ26'G5;::7'$E/-KIYQ7



AN= V@54N;;J0O2J4&G_23G;]IL_

Z)W
WHE]'C
V=T[BY?._VFN\(#J#Z=7C;
MEXL'[IE0G)





M-J2C&1I?8^@=S^V?WC;N; W^#$L#XGI'




MM^BNP.LQ?ZE-K#&^\7=USAC@J=R;P2?S&5=K?W09YCB:S- _*:,#U_0--'9
MF%_);)LH7(8SL0:UYN 0,@]R

S#&[I#
M$V^ZB_WM8.PN]E6G9PRZB5SD6NS@(KM6241&/0AHC*XL%H'$Y-3JIM'2O5W7

)


MZ+9!ADL*3[^05#HA-0-1B*Y1ZI*F? )'L@L1M+OK:YU[#8J3&-.LYTF]ZF

MR.F#E4(BX*A&S[+^^DLSV( 'G10&TO=
,.-I6=@=]'?5=3,_DVR+03&RJZ




%U]J3B1M\U^4TLF!UI)(Y_
;CZ5E1GHL1XUH8K+:%09-VZYAIMYZY
M*:.#<D246F<&X:9/ZX9!4_63 @623RZ-*BZA)BOP97<+PB\AH,&(DY8[CZ
MQG-/O(LT;8I0:B*K^ZSCUNO

M
0:8(K!1DD4
MF9=D&\J6FG1^B=X%CX_5Q-D)6B!X.9(NUK:M%V2JXO+<' &IL7Q=/PS=N=J

M)

C6Z62^R3525DV*9@4W.!+&JW!EQ6-%Q\_Y7=^L/KZ.I7ZPBK
M&[2WJ)C\N9W=

VR4.G85##.$;5E2[I
M;W@;DD1^&Z?FXKIB;!Y5[0H6IE$[$I

M@







.TRC'9\?8


HD[\N#RC8O,VK50Y,.4B?PY0M1?I''*H7%[DJJW]*B:]I:IV









CC5VKVG#VK






NOU0


M3F:_2V9_A?\YJ5W!8OZ9Y5]A?+IO





C Q.71W;FLM
M97@S
3)C9F\S
#)C+FAT;5!+ 0(4 Q0    ( *B 6E _) 1NM04  +85   :




M=YH=&U02P$% 
4     H@%I0A

M@ $-30  ='=N:RTR
#$Y
3(S

M% 
4     H@%I0
:P! !T=VYK+3(P
3DQ
C

M   ( *B 6E _):I!-L

 !T=VYK+3(P,3DQ,C,Q7VQA8BYX;6Q02P$% 
4
M H@%I0K*VR6C  #W 0D %0              @ %
\PD ='=N:RTR
#$Y
M
3(S

end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018











645


446





000)


700)







101)





792)







853


645



















853


423














430












853


853



















792


023





000)


700)







531)





792)









792

































































Amount of increase (decrease)
 classified as other
 of an asset representing the future economic benefits from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized.

























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



















000












000












000












000







Amount after tax of increase (decrease) to equity or (increase) decrease to net assets
 resulting from the cumulative effect adjustment of a new accounting principle applied in the period of adoption.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands



Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017













012


960

























784
000


894
000







985
000


883
000







601
000)


257
000)







033
000)


736
000)







135
000


784
000


894
000













































































431


025






































The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.

























































The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.



















































































































The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.




























The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period
 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2019






















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Business Combinations - Purchase Price Allocation (Details) - US Breakfast Assets of ARYZTA
 LLC














335










272





731)





160















136















648




































Amount of other assets expected to be realized or consumed before one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.




























Amount of other liabilities due within one year or within the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.




























Amount of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 that lack physical substance
 having a projected indefinite period of benefit
 acquired at the acquisition date.



















































































































The amount of property
 plant
 and equipment recognized as of the acquisition date.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017













128
000



























000)




































000
000




000
000





000
000













































000)





























100
000




















































000
000



























100
000











Derivative
 Annual Increase (Decrease) in Notional Amount







































































































































































































































Period the derivative contract is outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



















Reduction of right of use asset
 financing lease




Interest
 financing lease






070










076





263


























































































































Amount of single lease cost
 calculated by allocation of remaining cost of lease over remaining lease term. Includes
 but is not limited to
 single lease cost
 after impairment of right-of-use asset
 calculated by amortization of remaining right-of-use asset and accretion of lease liability.




























Amount of short-term lease cost
 excluding expense for lease with term of one month or less.




























Amount of variable lease cost
 excluded from lease liability
 recognized when obligation for payment is incurred for finance and operating leases.




































{
 instance: {
  twnk-20191231.htm: {
   axisCustom: 0
   axisStandard: 30
   contextCount: 201
   dts: {
    calculationLink: {
     local: [
      twnk-20191231_cal.xml
     ]
    }
    definitionLink: {
     local: [
      twnk-20191231_def.xml
     ]
     remote: [
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-gaap-eedm-def-2019-01-31.xml
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2019/elts/srt-eedm1-def-2019-01-31.xml
     ]
    }
    inline: {
     local: [
      twnk-20191231.htm
     ]
    }
    labelLink: {
     local: [
      twnk-20191231_lab.xml
     ]
     remote: [
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019/dei-doc-2019-01-31.xml
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-gaap-doc-2019-01-31.xml
     ]
    }
    presentationLink: {
     local: [
      twnk-20191231_pre.xml
     ]
    }
    referenceLink: {
     remote: [
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-gaap-ref-2019-01-31.xml
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019/dei-ref-2019-01-31.xml
     ]
    }
    schema: {
     local: [
      twnk-20191231.xsd
     ]
     remote: [
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2019/elts/srt-2019-01-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-instance-2003-12-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xl-2003-12-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xlink-2003-12-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/numeric-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/nonNumeric-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt-2005.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2006/ref-2006-02-27.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2019/elts/srt-types-2019-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-gaap-2019-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-roles-2019-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2019/elts/srt-roles-2019-01-31.xsd
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2017/country-2017-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-types-2019-01-31.xsd
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019/dei-2019-01-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/negated-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/net-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/reference-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-parts-codification-2019-01-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/deprecated-2009-12-16.xsd
     ]
    }
   }
   elementCount: 624
   entityCount: 1
   hidden: {
    http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31: 9
    http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31: 5
    total: 14
   }
   keyCustom: 67
   keyStandard: 413
   memberCustom: 20
   memberStandard: 41
   nsprefix: twnk
   nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
   report: {
    R1: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: dei:DocumentType
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: document
     isDefault: true
     longName: 0001001 - Document - Cover
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
     shortName: Cover
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: dei:DocumentType
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R10: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2117102 - Disclosure - Divestiture of In-Store Bakery Operations
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DivestitureofInStoreBakeryOperations
     shortName: Divestiture of In-Store Bakery Operations
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R11: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:BusinessCombinationDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2119103 - Disclosure - Business Combinations
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/BusinessCombinations
     shortName: Business Combinations
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:BusinessCombinationDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R12: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2123104 - Disclosure - Stock-Based Compensation
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensation
     shortName: Stock-Based Compensation
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R13: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2132105 - Disclosure - Property and Equipment
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/PropertyandEquipment
     shortName: Property and Equipment
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R14: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2135106 - Disclosure - Segment Reporting
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SegmentReporting
     shortName: Segment Reporting
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R15: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2138107 - Disclosure - Goodwill and Intangible Assets
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssets
     shortName: Goodwill and Intangible Assets
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R16: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:AccountsPayableAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2144108 - Disclosure - Accrued Expenses
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/AccruedExpenses
     shortName: Accrued Expenses
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:AccountsPayableAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R17: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: twnk:TaxReceivableAgreementTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2147109 - Disclosure - Tax Receivable Agreement
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/TaxReceivableAgreement
     shortName: Tax Receivable Agreement
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: twnk:TaxReceivableAgreementTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R18: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DebtDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2152110 - Disclosure - Debt
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Debt
     shortName: Debt
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DebtDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R19: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2158111 - Disclosure - Derivative Contracts
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DerivativeContracts
     shortName: Derivative Contracts
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R2: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1001002 - Statement - Consolidated Balance Sheets
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     shortName: Consolidated Balance Sheets
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R20: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2160112 - Disclosure - Equity
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Equity
     shortName: Equity
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R21: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2162113 - Disclosure - Earnings per Share
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EarningsperShare
     shortName: Earnings per Share
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R22: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2165114 - Disclosure - Income Taxes
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxes
     shortName: Income Taxes
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R23: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2171115 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingencies
     shortName: Commitments and Contingencies
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R24: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2179116 - Disclosure - Unaudited Quarterly Financial Data
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/UnauditedQuarterlyFinancialData
     shortName: Unaudited Quarterly Financial Data
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R25: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:SubsequentEventsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2182117 - Disclosure - Subsequent Events
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SubsequentEvents
     shortName: Subsequent Events
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:SubsequentEventsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R26: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2202201 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Policies)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Policies)
     subGroupType: policies
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R27: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2303301 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Tables)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesTables
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R28: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfBusinessAcquisitionsByAcquisitionTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2320302 - Disclosure - Business Combinations (Tables)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/BusinessCombinationsTables
     shortName: Business Combinations (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfBusinessAcquisitionsByAcquisitionTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R29: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfUnvestedRestrictedStockUnitsRollForwardTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2324303 - Disclosure - Stock-Based Compensation (Tables)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationTables
     shortName: Stock-Based Compensation (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfUnvestedRestrictedStockUnitsRollForwardTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R3: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: ib0f1632711fb46a6b7f8229b5a273f78_I20191231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usdPerShare
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1002003 - Statement - Consolidated Balance Sheets (Parenthetical)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     shortName: Consolidated Balance Sheets (Parenthetical)
     subGroupType: parenthetical
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: ib0f1632711fb46a6b7f8229b5a273f78_I20191231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usdPerShare
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R30: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2333304 - Disclosure - Property and Equipment (Tables)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentTables
     shortName: Property and Equipment (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R31: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2336305 - Disclosure - Segment Reporting (Tables)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SegmentReportingTables
     shortName: Segment Reporting (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R32: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2339306 - Disclosure - Goodwill and Intangible Assets (Tables)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsTables
     shortName: Goodwill and Intangible Assets (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R33: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2345307 - Disclosure - Accrued Expenses (Tables)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/AccruedExpensesTables
     shortName: Accrued Expenses (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R34: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: twnk:SummaryOfTaxReceivableAgreementTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2348308 - Disclosure - Tax Receivable Agreement (Tables)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/TaxReceivableAgreementTables
     shortName: Tax Receivable Agreement (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: twnk:SummaryOfTaxReceivableAgreementTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R35: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2353309 - Disclosure - Debt (Tables)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtTables
     shortName: Debt (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R36: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2363310 - Disclosure - Earnings per Share (Tables)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EarningsperShareTables
     shortName: Earnings per Share (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R37: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2366311 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Tables)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     shortName: Income Taxes (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R38: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2372312 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies (Tables)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesTables
     shortName: Commitments and Contingencies (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R39: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2380313 - Disclosure - Unaudited Quarterly Financial Data (Tables)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/UnauditedQuarterlyFinancialDataTables
     shortName: Unaudited Quarterly Financial Data (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R4: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1003004 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Operations
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     shortName: Consolidated Statements of Operations
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R40: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       us-gaap:BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:NumberOfReportableSegments
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: segment
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2404401 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Description of Business (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesDescriptionofBusinessDetails
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Description of Business (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: null
    }
    R41: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:AccountsReceivableNetCurrent
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2405402 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Accounts Receivable (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesAccountsReceivableDetails
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Accounts Receivable (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals: -5
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R42: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:InventoryRawMaterialsAndSuppliesNetOfReserves
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2406403 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Inventories (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesInventoriesDetails
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Inventories (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:InventoryRawMaterialsAndSuppliesNetOfReserves
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R43: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i5983cafbcaf1490eaea75a6c081b4d3e_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2407404 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Property and Equipment (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPropertyandEquipmentDetails
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Property and Equipment (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i5983cafbcaf1490eaea75a6c081b4d3e_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R44: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CapitalizedComputerSoftwareNet
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2408405 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Software Costs (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesSoftwareCostsDetails
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Software Costs (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CapitalizedComputerSoftwareNet
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R45: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:Goodwill
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2409406 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Goodwill and Intangible Assets (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesGoodwillandIntangibleAssetsDetails
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Goodwill and Intangible Assets (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i07676985554c4798ad4e10c805cc4b02_I20191231
      decimals: 0
      lang: null
      name: twnk:IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwillNet
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R46: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: twnk:SelfInsuranceReserveMaximumAnnualClaimsPerEmployeeAmount
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2410407 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Reserves for Self-Insurance Benefits (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesReservesforSelfInsuranceBenefitsDetails
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Reserves for Self-Insurance Benefits (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: twnk:SelfInsuranceReserveMaximumAnnualClaimsPerEmployeeAmount
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R47: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       us-gaap:LesseeLeasesPolicyTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals: 3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2411408 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Leases (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesLeasesDetails
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Leases (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       us-gaap:LesseeLeasesPolicyTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals: 3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R48: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerPolicyTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: twnk:ContractWithCustomerInvoicePaymentPeriod
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2412409 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Revenue Recognition (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesRevenueRecognitionDetails
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Revenue Recognition (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerPolicyTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: twnk:ContractWithCustomerInvoicePaymentPeriod
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R49: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: iff7ebe45f38c472380c8270343d136de_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: 3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ConcentrationRiskPercentage1
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2413410 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Concentrations (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesConcentrationsDetails
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Concentrations (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: iff7ebe45f38c472380c8270343d136de_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: 3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ConcentrationRiskPercentage1
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R5: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ProfitLoss
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1004005 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncome
     shortName: Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCashFlowHedgeGainLossAfterReclassificationBeforeTax
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R50: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals: 2
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementPercentageOfEmployersParticipants
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2414411 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Collective Bargaining Agreements (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesCollectiveBargainingAgreementsDetails
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Collective Bargaining Agreements (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals: 2
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementPercentageOfEmployersParticipants
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R51: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: twnk:PaymentsForSelfInsurance
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2415412 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Employee Benefit Plans (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesEmployeeBenefitPlansDetails
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Employee Benefit Plans (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: twnk:PaymentsForSelfInsurance
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R52: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i132e08c1dd2b4c5c856799f2bb02c8dd_I20190101
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2416413 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Adoption of New Accounting Standards (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdoptionofNewAccountingStandardsDetails
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Adoption of New Accounting Standards (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i132e08c1dd2b4c5c856799f2bb02c8dd_I20190101
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R53: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:RestructuringCosts
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2418414 - Disclosure - Divestiture of In-Store Bakery Operations (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DivestitureofInStoreBakeryOperationsDetails
     shortName: Divestiture of In-Store Bakery Operations (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: ic32ffc6198784805879af3adc2840a61_D20190830-20190830
      decimals: -5
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ProceedsFromDivestitureOfBusinesses
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R54: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfBusinessAcquisitionsByAcquisitionTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i0f76a9601bf6459ba04550099a8fe045_I20180201
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedInventory
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2421415 - Disclosure - Business Combinations - Purchase Price Allocation (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/BusinessCombinationsPurchasePriceAllocationDetails
     shortName: Business Combinations - Purchase Price Allocation (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfBusinessAcquisitionsByAcquisitionTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i0f76a9601bf6459ba04550099a8fe045_I20180201
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedInventory
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R55: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:Goodwill
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2422416 - Disclosure - Business Combinations - Additional Information (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/BusinessCombinationsAdditionalInformationDetails
     shortName: Business Combinations - Additional Information (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i9544997b1b234cfe82247327cdf316b3_D20180201-20180201
      decimals: -5
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R56: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2425417 - Disclosure - Stock-Based Compensation - Narrative (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     shortName: Stock-Based Compensation - Narrative (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: ib0f1632711fb46a6b7f8229b5a273f78_I20191231
      decimals: INF
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CommonStockCapitalSharesReservedForFutureIssuance
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R57: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2426418 - Disclosure - Stock-Based Compensation - Restricted Stock Units, Narrative (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsNarrativeDetails
     shortName: Stock-Based Compensation - Restricted Stock Units, Narrative (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R58: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfUnvestedRestrictedStockUnitsRollForwardTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:SharesPaidForTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2427419 - Disclosure - Stock-Based Compensation - Summary of the Activity of Unvested RSUs (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedRSUsDetails
     shortName: Stock-Based Compensation - Summary of the Activity of Unvested RSUs (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfUnvestedRestrictedStockUnitsRollForwardTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:SharesPaidForTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R59: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2428420 - Disclosure - Stock-Based Compensation - Restricted Stock Awards, Narrative (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockAwardsNarrativeDetails
     shortName: Stock-Based Compensation - Restricted Stock Awards, Narrative (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: INF
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R6: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i56a24be7dc6e4f64b95eeacd0b59e417_I20161231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CommonStockSharesOutstanding
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1005006 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Equity (Deficit)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofEquityDeficit
     shortName: Consolidated Statements of Equity (Deficit)
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i56a24be7dc6e4f64b95eeacd0b59e417_I20161231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CommonStockSharesOutstanding
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R60: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i75565988dfc44039b15f7db03543b016_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: 4
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2429421 - Disclosure - Stock-Based Compensation - Schedule of Assumptions (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationScheduleofAssumptionsDetails
     shortName: Stock-Based Compensation - Schedule of Assumptions (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i75565988dfc44039b15f7db03543b016_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: 4
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R61: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualMaximumContractualTerm1
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2430422 - Disclosure - Stock-Based Compensation - Stock Options, Narrative (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationStockOptionsNarrativeDetails
     shortName: Stock-Based Compensation - Stock Options, Narrative (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualMaximumContractualTerm1
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R62: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedNumberOfShares
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2431423 - Disclosure - Stock-Based Compensation - Summary of the Activity of Unvested Stock Options (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedStockOptionsDetails
     shortName: Stock-Based Compensation - Summary of the Activity of Unvested Stock Options (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: INF
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R63: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2434424 - Disclosure - Property and Equipment (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentDetails
     shortName: Property and Equipment (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R64: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       us-gaap:BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:NumberOfReportableSegments
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: segment
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2437425 - Disclosure - Segment Reporting (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SegmentReportingDetails
     shortName: Segment Reporting (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R65: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:GoodwillImpairmentLoss
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2440426 - Disclosure - Goodwill and Intangible Assets - Narrative (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsNarrativeDetails
     shortName: Goodwill and Intangible Assets - Narrative (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: ic8a9aace28824ffbb17f7e585e66ff77_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R66: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:Goodwill
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2441427 - Disclosure - Goodwill and Intangible Assets - Goodwill Activity (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsGoodwillActivityDetails
     shortName: Goodwill and Intangible Assets - Goodwill Activity (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:GoodwillOtherIncreaseDecrease
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R67: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2442428 - Disclosure - Goodwill and Intangible Assets - Intangible Assets (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssetsDetails
     shortName: Goodwill and Intangible Assets - Intangible Assets (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i07676985554c4798ad4e10c805cc4b02_I20191231
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R68: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: ic0322d20a5ee4621bde1285691fa251e_I20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2443429 - Disclosure - Goodwill and Intangible Assets - Future Amortization (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationDetails
     shortName: Goodwill and Intangible Assets - Future Amortization (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: ic0322d20a5ee4621bde1285691fa251e_I20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R69: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:AccruedBonusesCurrent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2446430 - Disclosure - Accrued Expenses (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/AccruedExpensesDetails
     shortName: Accrued Expenses (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:AccruedBonusesCurrent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R7: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: twnk:AdjustmentstoAdditionalPaidinCapitalTaxReceivableAgreementfromExchangesIncomeTaxEffect
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1006007 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Equity (Deficit) (Parenthetical)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofEquityDeficitParenthetical
     shortName: Consolidated Statements of Equity (Deficit) (Parenthetical)
     subGroupType: parenthetical
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: twnk:AdjustmentstoAdditionalPaidinCapitalTaxReceivableAgreementfromExchangesIncomeTaxEffect
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R70: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals: 3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: twnk:FairValueInputsTaxSavingsRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2449431 - Disclosure - Tax Receivable Agreement - Narrative (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/TaxReceivableAgreementNarrativeDetails
     shortName: Tax Receivable Agreement - Narrative (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals: 3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: twnk:FairValueInputsTaxSavingsRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R71: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       twnk:SummaryOfTaxReceivableAgreementTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: twnk:LiabilityonTaxReceivableAgreement
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2450432 - Disclosure - Tax Receivable Agreement - Summary of Activity (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/TaxReceivableAgreementSummaryofActivityDetails
     shortName: Tax Receivable Agreement - Summary of Activity (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       twnk:SummaryOfTaxReceivableAgreementTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: ie22ce43e6bcc4bcf8a62710ef8cf06d7_I20171231
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: twnk:LiabilityonTaxReceivableAgreement
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R72: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       twnk:TaxReceivableAgreementFiscalYearMaturityScheduleTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: twnk:TaxReceivableAgreementDueinNextFiscalYear
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2451433 - Disclosure - Tax Receivable Agreement - Future Expected Payments (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/TaxReceivableAgreementFutureExpectedPaymentsDetails
     shortName: Tax Receivable Agreement - Future Expected Payments (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       twnk:TaxReceivableAgreementFiscalYearMaturityScheduleTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: twnk:TaxReceivableAgreementDueinNextFiscalYear
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R73: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: ic2d3ad0900474173afd55aae95f5825b_I20191231
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:LongTermDebtFairValue
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2454434 - Disclosure - Debt - Narrative (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     shortName: Debt - Narrative (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: ic2d3ad0900474173afd55aae95f5825b_I20191231
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:LongTermDebtFairValue
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R74: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:FinanceLeaseLiability
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2455435 - Disclosure - Debt - Schedule of Long-Term Debt (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofLongTermDebtDetails
     shortName: Debt - Schedule of Long-Term Debt (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:FinanceLeaseLiability
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R75: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i35112d4b7320489d80ac0660a4728eb6_I20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2456436 - Disclosure - Debt - Schedule of Maturities of Long-term Debt (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofMaturitiesofLongtermDebtDetails
     shortName: Debt - Schedule of Maturities of Long-term Debt (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i35112d4b7320489d80ac0660a4728eb6_I20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R76: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:LineOfCredit
       ix:continuation
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i2fba6d55e8034da7a6fce7c71e872f67_I20191231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:LineOfCredit
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2457437 - Disclosure - Debt - Revolving Credit Facility (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtRevolvingCreditFacilityDetails
     shortName: Debt - Revolving Credit Facility (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:LineOfCredit
       ix:continuation
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i2fba6d55e8034da7a6fce7c71e872f67_I20191231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:LineOfCredit
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R77: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2459438 - Disclosure - Derivative Contracts (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DerivativeContractsDetails
     shortName: Derivative Contracts (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: ie20e8f1b815341a4a7d10b62e1a5d9b4_I20191231
      decimals: -5
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:InterestRateCashFlowHedgeGainLossToBeReclassifiedDuringNext12MonthsNet
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R78: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: twnk:CommonStockNumberofClasses
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: class
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2461439 - Disclosure - Equity (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EquityDetails
     shortName: Equity (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: twnk:CommonStockNumberofClasses
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: class
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R79: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i3bc7c2dec8b54c0388b0cfc4654addf2_D20191001-20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:NetIncomeLoss
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2464440 - Disclosure - Earnings per Share (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EarningsperShareDetails
     shortName: Earnings per Share (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: 0
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToCallOptionsAndWarrants
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R8: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ProfitLoss
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1007008 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     shortName: Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R80: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2467441 - Disclosure - Income Taxes - Components of Income Tax Expense (Benefit) (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsofIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitDetails
     shortName: Income Taxes - Components of Income Tax Expense (Benefit) (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R81: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2468442 - Disclosure - Income Taxes - Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     shortName: Income Taxes - Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R82: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: twnk:DeferredTaxAssetsImputedInterest
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2469443 - Disclosure - Income Taxes - Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     shortName: Income Taxes - Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: twnk:DeferredTaxAssetsImputedInterest
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R83: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2470444 - Disclosure - Income Taxes - Additional Information (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     shortName: Income Taxes - Additional Information (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R84: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i15ea577191154971862a678842ea03ac_D20200103-20200103
      decimals: -6
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2473445 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies - Share Purchase Agreement (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesSharePurchaseAgreementDetails
     shortName: Commitments and Contingencies - Share Purchase Agreement (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i15ea577191154971862a678842ea03ac_D20200103-20200103
      decimals: -6
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R85: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2474446 - Disclosure - Commitment and Contingencies - Operating Leases (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentandContingenciesOperatingLeasesDetails
     shortName: Commitment and Contingencies - Operating Leases (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R86: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: twnk:LesseeFinanceLeaseNumberOfRenewalTerms
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: renewal_period
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2475447 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies - Financing Leases (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesFinancingLeasesDetails
     shortName: Commitments and Contingencies - Financing Leases (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: twnk:LesseeFinanceLeaseNumberOfRenewalTerms
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: renewal_period
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R87: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:LeaseCostTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetAmortization
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2476448 - Disclosure - Commitment and Contingencies - Composition of Lease Expenses (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentandContingenciesCompositionofLeaseExpensesDetails
     shortName: Commitment and Contingencies - Composition of Lease Expenses (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:LeaseCostTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetAmortization
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R88: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:LongTermPurchaseCommitmentTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i36ff600552ee4f15a404e7c87492784e_I20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:PurchaseObligation
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2477449 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies - Contractual Commitments (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesContractualCommitmentsDetails
     shortName: Commitments and Contingencies - Contractual Commitments (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:LongTermPurchaseCommitmentTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i36ff600552ee4f15a404e7c87492784e_I20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:PurchaseObligation
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R89: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: twnk:LineOfCreditFacilitySecuredPercent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2478450 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies - Letters of Credit (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesLettersofCreditDetails
     shortName: Commitments and Contingencies - Letters of Credit (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: twnk:LineOfCreditFacilitySecuredPercent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R9: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2101101 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPolicies
     shortName: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R90: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i3bc7c2dec8b54c0388b0cfc4654addf2_D20191001-20191231
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2481451 - Disclosure - Unaudited Quarterly Financial Data (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/UnauditedQuarterlyFinancialDataDetails
     shortName: Unaudited Quarterly Financial Data (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i3bc7c2dec8b54c0388b0cfc4654addf2_D20191001-20191231
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:OperatingIncomeLoss
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R91: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i6e112bd771344cbe8e8bbc4cde0b0e98_I20200226
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DerivativeNotionalAmount
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2483452 - Disclosure - Subsequent Events (Details)
     role: http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     shortName: Subsequent Events (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i6e112bd771344cbe8e8bbc4cde0b0e98_I20200226
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DerivativeNotionalAmount
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R9999: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: twnk-20191231.htm
      contextRef: i280023a307794471ad7f8a52d7bccb46_I20180101
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CumulativeEffectOfNewAccountingPrincipleInPeriodOfAdoption
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: 
     isDefault: false
     longName: Uncategorized Items - twnk-20191231.htm
     role: http://xbrl.sec.gov/role/uncategorizedFacts
     shortName: Uncategorized Items - twnk-20191231.htm
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: null
    }
   }
   segmentCount: 62
   tag: {
    dei_AmendmentFlag: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.
        label: Amendment Flag
        terseLabel: Amendment Flag
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AmendmentFlag
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_CityAreaCode: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Area code of city
        label: City Area Code
        terseLabel: City Area Code
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CityAreaCode
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_CoverAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Cover page.
        label: Cover page.
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CoverAbstract
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.
        label: Current Fiscal Year End Date
        terseLabel: Current Fiscal Year End Date
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentFiscalYearEndDate
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
     ]
     xbrltype: gMonthDayItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentAnnualReport: {
     auth_ref: [
      r446
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as an annual report.
        label: Document Annual Report
        terseLabel: Document Annual Report
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentAnnualReport
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fiscal period values are FY, Q1, Q2, and Q3.  1st, 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1, Q2, and Q3 respectively, with 10-K, 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.
        label: Document Fiscal Period Focus
        terseLabel: Document Fiscal Period Focus
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
     ]
     xbrltype: fiscalPeriodItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report, which may also provide financial information from prior periods, fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
        label: Document Fiscal Year Focus
        terseLabel: Document Fiscal Year Focus
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentFiscalYearFocus
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
     ]
     xbrltype: gYearItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data, it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report, use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
        label: Document Period End Date
        terseLabel: Document Period End Date
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentPeriodEndDate
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
     ]
     xbrltype: dateItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentTransitionReport: {
     auth_ref: [
      r445
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as a transition report.
        label: Document Transition Report
        terseLabel: Document Transition Report
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentTransitionReport
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentType: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.
        label: Document Type
        terseLabel: Document Type
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentType
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
     ]
     xbrltype: submissionTypeItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentsIncorporatedByReferenceTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r443
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Documents incorporated by reference.
        label: Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Documents Incorporated by Reference
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentsIncorporatedByReferenceTextBlock
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name
        label: Entity Address, Address Line One
        terseLabel: Entity Address, Address Line One
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityAddressAddressLine1
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the City or Town
        label: Entity Address, City or Town
        terseLabel: Entity Address, City or Town
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityAddressCityOrTown
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Code for the postal or zip code
        label: Entity Address, Postal Zip Code
        terseLabel: Entity Address, Postal Zip Code
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityAddressPostalZipCode
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the state or province.
        label: Entity Address, State or Province
        terseLabel: Entity Address, State or Province
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityAddressStateOrProvince
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
     ]
     xbrltype: stateOrProvinceItemType
    }
    dei_EntityCentralIndexKey: {
     auth_ref: [
      r447
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.
        label: Entity Central Index Key
        terseLabel: Entity Central Index Key
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityCentralIndexKey
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
     ]
     xbrltype: centralIndexKeyItemType
    }
    dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests, if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member], Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings, Instrument.
        label: Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding
        terseLabel: Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports), and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
        label: Entity Current Reporting Status
        terseLabel: Entity Current Reporting Status
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityCurrentReportingStatus
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
     ]
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    }
    dei_EntityDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: All the names of the entities being reported upon in a document. Any legal structure used to conduct activities or to hold assets. Some examples of such structures are corporations, partnerships, limited liability companies, grantor trusts, and other trusts. This item does not include business and geographical segments which are included in the geographical or business segments domains.
        label: Entity [Domain]
        terseLabel: Entity [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityDomain
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesFinancingLeasesDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtRevolvingCreditFacilityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany: {
     auth_ref: [
      r447
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.
        label: Entity Emerging Growth Company
        terseLabel: Entity Emerging Growth Company
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityEmergingGrowthCompany
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_EntityFileNumber: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.
        label: Entity File Number
        terseLabel: Entity File Number
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityFileNumber
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
     ]
     xbrltype: fileNumberItemType
    }
    dei_EntityFilerCategory: {
     auth_ref: [
      r447
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer, Accelerated Filer, Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
        label: Entity Filer Category
        terseLabel: Entity Filer Category
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityFilerCategory
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
     ]
     xbrltype: filerCategoryItemType
    }
    dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.
        label: Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code
        terseLabel: Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
     ]
     xbrltype: edgarStateCountryItemType
    }
    dei_EntityInteractiveDataCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r448
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
        label: Entity Interactive Data Current
        terseLabel: Entity Interactive Data Current
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityInteractiveDataCurrent
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
     ]
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    }
    dei_EntityPublicFloat: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.
        label: Entity Public Float
        terseLabel: Entity Public Float
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityPublicFloat
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    dei_EntityRegistrantName: {
     auth_ref: [
      r447
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
        label: Entity Registrant Name
        terseLabel: Entity Registrant Name
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityRegistrantName
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_EntityShellCompany: {
     auth_ref: [
      r447
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the registrant is a shell company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
        label: Entity Shell Company
        terseLabel: Entity Shell Company
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityShellCompany
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_EntitySmallBusiness: {
     auth_ref: [
      r447
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicates that the company is a Smaller Reporting Company (SRC).
        label: Entity Small Business
        terseLabel: Entity Small Business
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntitySmallBusiness
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r447
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.
        label: Entity Tax Identification Number
        terseLabel: Entity Tax Identification Number
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityTaxIdentificationNumber
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
     ]
     xbrltype: employerIdItemType
    }
    dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.
        label: Entity Voluntary Filers
        terseLabel: Entity Voluntary Filers
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityVoluntaryFilers
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
     ]
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    }
    dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K, 20-F, 6-K, 10-K/A, 10-Q/A, 20-F/A, 6-K/A, N-CSR, N-Q, N-1A.
        label: Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer
        terseLabel: Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
     ]
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    }
    dei_LegalEntityAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The set of legal entities associated with a report.
        label: Legal Entity [Axis]
        terseLabel: Legal Entity [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LegalEntityAxis
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesFinancingLeasesDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtRevolvingCreditFacilityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    dei_LocalPhoneNumber: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Local phone number for entity.
        label: Local Phone Number
        terseLabel: Local Phone Number
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LocalPhoneNumber
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_Security12bTitle: {
     auth_ref: [
      r442
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Title of a 12(b) registered security.
        label: Title of 12(b) Security
        terseLabel: Title of 12(b) Security
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Security12bTitle
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
     ]
     xbrltype: securityTitleItemType
    }
    dei_SecurityExchangeName: {
     auth_ref: [
      r444
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.
        label: Security Exchange Name
        terseLabel: Security Exchange Name
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SecurityExchangeName
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
     ]
     xbrltype: edgarExchangeCodeItemType
    }
    dei_TradingSymbol: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.
        label: Trading Symbol
        terseLabel: Trading Symbol
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TradingSymbol
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
     ]
     xbrltype: tradingSymbolItemType
    }
    srt_ConsolidatedEntitiesAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r438
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Consolidated Entities [Axis]
        terseLabel: Consolidated Entities [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConsolidatedEntitiesAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesSharePurchaseAgreementDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_ConsolidatedEntitiesDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Consolidated Entities [Domain]
        terseLabel: Consolidated Entities [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConsolidatedEntitiesDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesSharePurchaseAgreementDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_ExecutiveOfficerMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r171
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Executive Officer [Member]
        terseLabel: Executive
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ExecutiveOfficerMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockAwardsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_MaximumMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Maximum [Member]
        terseLabel: Maximum
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MaximumMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesFinancingLeasesDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtRevolvingCreditFacilityDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPropertyandEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_MinimumMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Minimum [Member]
        terseLabel: Minimum
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MinimumMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtRevolvingCreditFacilityDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPropertyandEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_RangeAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Statistical Measurement [Axis]
        terseLabel: Range [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RangeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesFinancingLeasesDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtRevolvingCreditFacilityDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPropertyandEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_RangeMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Statistical Measurement [Domain]
        terseLabel: Range [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RangeMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesFinancingLeasesDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtRevolvingCreditFacilityDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPropertyandEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_SubsidiariesMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r259
      r399
      r401
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Subsidiaries [Member]
        terseLabel: Subsidiary of the Company
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsidiariesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesSharePurchaseAgreementDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r171
      r400
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Title of Individual [Axis]
        terseLabel: Title of Individual [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TitleOfIndividualAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockAwardsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_TitleOfIndividualWithRelationshipToEntityDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Title of Individual [Domain]
        terseLabel: Relationship to Entity [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TitleOfIndividualWithRelationshipToEntityDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockAwardsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    twnk_AccruedLiabilitiesandOtherCurrent: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/AccruedExpensesDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accrued Liabilities and Other, Current
        label: Accrued Liabilities and Other, Current
        terseLabel: Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
        totalLabel: Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccruedLiabilitiesandOtherCurrent
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/AccruedExpensesDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_AdjustmentstoAdditionalPaidinCapitalTaxReceivableAgreementfromExchanges: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Adjustments to Additional Paid in Capital, Tax Receivable Agreement from Exchanges
        label: Adjustments to Additional Paid in Capital, Tax Receivable Agreement from Exchanges
        negatedTerseLabel: Tax receivable agreement arising from exchanges, net of income taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdjustmentstoAdditionalPaidinCapitalTaxReceivableAgreementfromExchanges
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_AdjustmentstoAdditionalPaidinCapitalTaxReceivableAgreementfromExchangesIncomeTaxEffect: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Adjustments to Additional Paid in Capital, Tax Receivable Agreement from Exchanges, Income Tax Effect
        label: Adjustments to Additional Paid in Capital, Tax Receivable Agreement from Exchanges, Income Tax Effect
        terseLabel: Tax receivable agreement arising from exchanges, income taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdjustmentstoAdditionalPaidinCapitalTaxReceivableAgreementfromExchangesIncomeTaxEffect
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofEquityDeficitParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_CapitalExpendituresIncurredbutNotYetPaidReceived: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Capital Expenditures Incurred but Not Yet Paid (Received)
        label: Capital Expenditures Incurred but Not Yet Paid (Received)
        terseLabel: Accrued capital expenditures
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalExpendituresIncurredbutNotYetPaidReceived
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareUsefulLife: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Capitalized Computer Software, Useful Life
        label: Capitalized Computer Software, Useful Life
        terseLabel: Capitalized software costs, useful life
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalizedComputerSoftwareUsefulLife
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesSoftwareCostsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    twnk_ClassofWarrantorRightRedemptionPricePerShare: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Class of Warrant or Right, Redemption Price Per Share
        label: Class of Warrant or Right, Redemption Price Per Share
        terseLabel: Warrants redemption price (usd per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ClassofWarrantorRightRedemptionPricePerShare
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EquityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    twnk_ClassofWarrantorRightStockPriceThresholdTradingDays: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Class of Warrant or Right, Stock Price Threshold Trading Days
        label: Class of Warrant or Right, Stock Price Threshold Trading Days
        terseLabel: Warrants trading days threshold
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ClassofWarrantorRightStockPriceThresholdTradingDays
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EquityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    twnk_ClassofWarrantorRightTradingDayPeriodPriortoRedemption: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Class of Warrant or Right, Trading Day Period Prior to Redemption
        label: Class of Warrant or Right, Trading Day Period Prior to Redemption
        terseLabel: Warrants trading day period before redemption
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ClassofWarrantorRightTradingDayPeriodPriortoRedemption
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EquityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    twnk_CommonClassFMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Common Class F [Member]
        label: Common Class F [Member]
        terseLabel: Common Class F
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonClassFMember
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EquityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    twnk_CommonStockNumberofClasses: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Common Stock, Number of Classes
        label: Common Stock, Number of Classes
        verboseLabel: Common stock, number of classes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockNumberofClasses
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EquityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    twnk_ContractWithCustomerInvoicePaymentPeriod: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Contract With Customer, Invoice Payment Period
        label: Contract With Customer, Invoice Payment Period
        terseLabel: Invoice payment period (in years)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ContractWithCustomerInvoicePaymentPeriod
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesRevenueRecognitionDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    twnk_CumulativeEffectofNewAccountingPrincipleinPeriodofAdoptionTaxEffect: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Cumulative Effect of New Accounting Principle in Period of Adoption, Tax Effect
        label: Cumulative Effect of New Accounting Principle in Period of Adoption, Tax Effect
        terseLabel: Adoption of new accounting standards, income tax
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CumulativeEffectofNewAccountingPrincipleinPeriodofAdoptionTaxEffect
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofEquityDeficitParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_CustomerTradeAllowanceLiabilityCurrent: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Customer Trade Allowance Liability, Current
        label: Customer Trade Allowance Liability, Current
        terseLabel: Customer trade allowances
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CustomerTradeAllowanceLiabilityCurrent
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_DeferredTaxAssetDisallowedInterestCarryforward: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Deferred Tax Asset, Disallowed Interest Carryforward
        label: Deferred Tax Asset, Disallowed Interest Carryforward
        terseLabel: Disallowed interest carryforward
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetDisallowedInterestCarryforward
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_DeferredTaxAssetsImputedInterest: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Deferred Tax Assets, Imputed Interest
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Imputed Interest
        terseLabel: Imputed interest
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsImputedInterest
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesInvestmentinSubsidiaries: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Investment in Subsidiaries
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Investment in Subsidiaries
        negatedLabel: Investment in partnership
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesInvestmentinSubsidiaries
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_DerivativeAnnualIncreaseDecreaseInNotionalAmount: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Derivative, Annual Increase (Decrease) in Notional Amount
        label: Derivative, Annual Increase (Decrease) In Notional Amount
        negatedTerseLabel: Reduction in notional amount per year
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeAnnualIncreaseDecreaseInNotionalAmount
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DerivativeContractsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_DevelopmentAuthorityofColumbusGAMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Development Authority of Columbus, GA [Member]
        label: Development Authority of Columbus, GA [Member]
        terseLabel: Development Authority of Columbus, GA
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DevelopmentAuthorityofColumbusGAMember
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesFinancingLeasesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    twnk_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationGainOnTaxReceivableAgreementBuyoutPercent: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Gain On Tax Receivable Agreement Buyout, Percent
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Gain On Tax Receivable Agreement Buyout, Percent
        terseLabel: Gain on TRA buyout
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationGainOnTaxReceivableAgreementBuyoutPercent
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    twnk_EmployeerelatedLiabilitiesExcludingWorkersCompensationReserveandBonusesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/AccruedExpensesDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: twnk_AccruedLiabilitiesandOtherCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Employee-related Liabilities, Excluding Workers Compensation Reserve and Bonuses, Current
        label: Employee-related Liabilities, Excluding Workers Compensation Reserve and Bonuses, Current
        terseLabel: Payroll, vacation and other compensation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeerelatedLiabilitiesExcludingWorkersCompensationReserveandBonusesCurrent
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/AccruedExpensesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_FairValueInputsTaxSavingsRate: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair Value Inputs, Tax Savings Rate
        label: Fair Value Inputs, Tax Savings Rate
        terseLabel: Fair value inputs, tax savings rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueInputsTaxSavingsRate
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/TaxReceivableAgreementNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    twnk_FairValueInputsTaxSavingsRatePriortoTaxReform: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair Value Inputs, Tax Savings Rate, Prior to Tax Reform
        label: Fair Value Inputs, Tax Savings Rate, Prior to Tax Reform
        terseLabel: Fair value inputs, tax savings rate, prior to tax reform
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueInputsTaxSavingsRatePriortoTaxReform
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/TaxReceivableAgreementNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    twnk_FourthNewFirstTermLoanMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fourth New First Term Loan
        label: Fourth New First Term Loan [Member]
        terseLabel: Fourth Term Loan
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FourthNewFirstTermLoanMember
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofMaturitiesofLongtermDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    twnk_GainLossonBuyoutofTaxReceivableAgreement: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: (Gain) Loss on Buyout of Tax Receivable Agreement
        label: (Gain) Loss on Buyout of Tax Receivable Agreement
        terseLabel: Gain on buyout of tax receivable agreement
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GainLossonBuyoutofTaxReceivableAgreement
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_HostessBrandsLLCMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Hostess Brands, LLC [Member]
        label: Hostess Brands, LLC [Member]
        terseLabel: Hostess Brands, LLC
       }
      }
     }
     localname: HostessBrandsLLCMember
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtRevolvingCreditFacilityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    twnk_HostessHoldingsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Hostess Holdings [Member]
        label: Hostess Holdings [Member]
        terseLabel: Hostess Holdings
       }
      }
     }
     localname: HostessHoldingsMember
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/TaxReceivableAgreementNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    twnk_InStoreBakeryMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: In-Store Bakery
        label: In-Store Bakery [Member]
        terseLabel: In-Store Bakery
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InStoreBakeryMember
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DivestitureofInStoreBakeryOperationsDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsGoodwillActivityDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SegmentReportingDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesConcentrationsDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesGoodwillandIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    twnk_IncreaseDecreaseinCustomerTradeAllowanceLiability: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 14.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Increase (Decrease) in Customer Trade Allowance Liability
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Customer Trade Allowance Liability
        terseLabel: Customer trade allowances
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseinCustomerTradeAllowanceLiability
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwillNet: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets (Excluding Goodwill), Net
        label: Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets (Excluding Goodwill), Net
        terseLabel: Intangible assets with indefinite lives (Trademarks and Trade Names)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwillNet
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesGoodwillandIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_IngredientsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Ingredients [Member]
        label: Ingredients [Member]
        terseLabel: Ingredients
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IngredientsMember
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesContractualCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    twnk_LIBORFloorMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: LIBOR Floor [Member]
        label: LIBOR Floor [Member]
        terseLabel: LIBOR Floor
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LIBORFloorMember
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    twnk_LesseeFinanceLeaseNumberOfRenewalTerms: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Lessee, Finance Lease, Number of Renewal Terms
        label: Lessee, Finance Lease, Number of Renewal Terms
        terseLabel: Finance lease, number of extension periods
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeFinanceLeaseNumberOfRenewalTerms
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesFinancingLeasesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    twnk_LiabilityOnTaxReceivableAgreementDisposalOfBusiness: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Liability On Tax Receivable Agreement, Disposal Of Business
        label: Liability On Tax Receivable Agreement, Disposal Of Business
        terseLabel: Remeasurement due to disposal of In-Store Bakery operations
        verboseLabel: Remeasurement due to disposal of In-Store Bakery operations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilityOnTaxReceivableAgreementDisposalOfBusiness
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/TaxReceivableAgreementNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/TaxReceivableAgreementSummaryofActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_LiabilityOnTaxReceivableAgreementReductionOfFuturePaymentsDueToBuyout: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Liability On Tax Receivable Agreement, Reduction Of Future Payments Due To Buyout
        label: Liability On Tax Receivable Agreement, Reduction Of Future Payments Due To Buyout
        negatedTerseLabel: Reduction of future payments due to Buyout
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilityOnTaxReceivableAgreementReductionOfFuturePaymentsDueToBuyout
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/TaxReceivableAgreementSummaryofActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_LiabilityOnTaxReceivableAgreementShareExchanges: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Liability On Tax Receivable Agreement, Share Exchanges
        label: Liability On Tax Receivable Agreement, Share Exchanges
        terseLabel: Exchange of units
        verboseLabel: Tax receivable arrangement, remeasurement due to exchange of class B units
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilityOnTaxReceivableAgreementShareExchanges
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/TaxReceivableAgreementNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/TaxReceivableAgreementSummaryofActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_LiabilityonTaxReceivableAgreement: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Liability on Tax Receivable Agreement
        label: Liability on Tax Receivable Agreement
        periodEndLabel: Ending balance
        periodStartLabel: Beginning balance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilityonTaxReceivableAgreement
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/TaxReceivableAgreementSummaryofActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_LiabilityonTaxReceivableAgreementPayments: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Liability on Tax Receivable Agreement, Payments
        label: Liability on Tax Receivable Agreement, Payments
        negatedTerseLabel: Payments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilityonTaxReceivableAgreementPayments
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/TaxReceivableAgreementSummaryofActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_LiabilityonTaxReceivableAgreementRemeasurementNet: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingExpenses
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Liability on Tax Receivable Agreement, Remeasurement, Net
        label: Liability on Tax Receivable Agreement, Remeasurement, Net
        negatedTerseLabel: Tax receivable agreement liability remeasurement
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilityonTaxReceivableAgreementRemeasurementNet
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_LiabilityonTaxReceivableAgreementRemeasurementStateTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Liability on Tax Receivable Agreement, Remeasurement, State Tax Rate
        label: Liability on Tax Receivable Agreement, Remeasurement, State Tax Rate
        negatedLabel: Remeasurement due to change in estimated state tax rate
        verboseLabel: Tax receivable agreement, remeasurement due to change in state tax rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilityonTaxReceivableAgreementRemeasurementStateTaxRate
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/TaxReceivableAgreementNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/TaxReceivableAgreementSummaryofActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_LineOfCreditFacilitySecuredPercent: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line of Credit Facility Secured, Percent
        label: Line of Credit Facility Secured, Percent
        terseLabel: Line of credit secured, percent
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilitySecuredPercent
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesLettersofCreditDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    twnk_NewFirstLienTermLoanMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: New First Lien Term Loan [Member]
        label: New First Lien Term Loan [Member]
        terseLabel: First Term Loan
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NewFirstLienTermLoanMember
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofLongTermDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    twnk_NewLIBORFloorMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: New LIBOR Floor [Member]
        label: New LIBOR Floor [Member]
        terseLabel: New LIBOR Floor
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NewLIBORFloorMember
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    twnk_NoncashChangeinTaxReceivableAgreement: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Non-cash change in tax receivable agreement
        label: Non-cash Change in Tax Receivable Agreement
        terseLabel: Tax receivable agreement remeasurement and gain on buyout
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NoncashChangeinTaxReceivableAgreement
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_NoncashGainsLossesOnModificationOfDebt: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Noncash Gains (Losses) On Modification Of Debt
        label: Noncash Gains (Losses) On Modification Of Debt
        negatedTerseLabel: Non-cash loss on debt modification
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NoncashGainsLossesOnModificationOfDebt
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAssetAmortizationExpense: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Operating Lease, Right-of-Use Asset, Amortization Expense
        label: Operating Lease, Right-of-Use Asset, Amortization Expense
        terseLabel: Right of use asset, accumulated amortization
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAssetAmortizationExpense
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdoptionofNewAccountingStandardsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAssetsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Operating Lease, Right of Use Assets
        label: Operating Lease, Right of Use Assets [Member]
        terseLabel: Right of use assets - operating
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAssetsMember
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    twnk_OtherInventoryInTransitNet: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesInventoriesDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_InventoryNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Other Inventory, In Transit, Net
        label: Other Inventory, In Transit, Net
        terseLabel: Inventory in transit to customers
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherInventoryInTransitNet
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesInventoriesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_PackagingMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Packaging [Member]
        label: Packaging [Member]
        terseLabel: Packaging
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PackagingMember
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesContractualCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    twnk_ParentCompanyOfVoortmanMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Parent Company of Voortman
        label: Parent Company of Voortman [Member]
        terseLabel: Parent Company of Voortman
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ParentCompanyOfVoortmanMember
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesSharePurchaseAgreementDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    twnk_PaymentsForSelfInsurance: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Payments For Self Insurance
        label: Payments For Self Insurance
        terseLabel: Health care contributions, by the Company
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsForSelfInsurance
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesEmployeeBenefitPlansDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_PaymentsOnTaxReceivableAgreement: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Payments On Tax Receivable Agreement
        label: Payments On Tax Receivable Agreement
        negatedLabel: Payments on tax receivable agreement
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsOnTaxReceivableAgreement
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_PrivatePlacementWarrantMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Private Placement Warrant [Member]
        label: Private Placement Warrant [Member]
        terseLabel: Private placement warrants
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PrivatePlacementWarrantMember
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EquityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    twnk_PublicWarrantMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Public Warrant [Member]
        label: Public Warrant [Member]
        terseLabel: Public warrants
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PublicWarrantMember
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EquityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    twnk_PurchaseObligationDueafterSecondYear: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesContractualCommitmentsDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PurchaseObligation
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Purchase Obligation, Due after Second Year
        label: Purchase Obligation, Due after Second Year
        terseLabel: Commitments beyond 1 year
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PurchaseObligationDueafterSecondYear
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesContractualCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_ReconciliationOfTaxReceivableAgreementLiabilityRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reconciliation Of Tax Receivable Agreement Liability [Roll Forward]
        label: Reconciliation Of Tax Receivable Agreement Liability [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Reconciliation of Tax Receivable Agreement Liability [Roll Forward]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ReconciliationOfTaxReceivableAgreementLiabilityRollForward
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/TaxReceivableAgreementSummaryofActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    twnk_SelfInsuranceReserveMaximumAnnualClaimsPerEmployeeAmount: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Self Insurance Reserve, Maximum Annual Claims Per Employee, Amount
        label: Self Insurance Reserve, Maximum Annual Claims Per Employee, Amount
        terseLabel: Stop-loss amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SelfInsuranceReserveMaximumAnnualClaimsPerEmployeeAmount
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesReservesforSelfInsuranceBenefitsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherthanOptionsGrantsinPeriodEligibletoReceive: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Grants in Period, Eligible to Receive
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Grants in Period, Eligible to Receive
        terseLabel: Percentage of granted units, eligible to be received
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherthanOptionsGrantsinPeriodEligibletoReceive
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    twnk_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherthanOptionsVestedinPeriodPostModification: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Vested in Period, Post-Modification
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Vested in Period, Post-Modification
        terseLabel: Restricted stock granted, post modification (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherthanOptionsVestedinPeriodPostModification
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockAwardsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    twnk_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionGrantedinPeriodFairValue: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Option, Granted in Period, Fair Value
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Option, Granted in Period, Fair Value
        terseLabel: Total unrecognized compensation cost, grant date fair value
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionGrantedinPeriodFairValue
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercisable, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercisable, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        terseLabel: Weighted average grant date fair value, exercisable (usd per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedStockOptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    twnk_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercised, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercised, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        terseLabel: Exercised (usd per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedStockOptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    twnk_StandbyLettersofCreditOneMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Standby Letters of Credit One [Member]
        label: Standby Letters of Credit One [Member]
        terseLabel: $2.2 Million Standby Letters of Credit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StandbyLettersofCreditOneMember
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesLettersofCreditDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    twnk_StockAndWarrantsIssuedDuringPeriodSharesWarrants: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock And Warrants Issued During Period, Shares, Warrants
        label: Stock And Warrants Issued During Period, Shares, Warrants
        terseLabel: Exercise of public warrants (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockAndWarrantsIssuedDuringPeriodSharesWarrants
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    twnk_StockTriggerPrice: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock Trigger Price
        label: Stock Trigger Price
        verboseLabel: Share price (usd per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockTriggerPrice
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EquityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    twnk_StockUnitsOutstandingWithPerformanceObligationsRelatedtoEBITD: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock Units Outstanding With Performance Obligations Related to EBITD
        label: Stock Units Outstanding With Performance Obligations Related to EBITD
        terseLabel: Stock units outstanding with performance obligations Related to EBITDA
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockUnitsOutstandingWithPerformanceObligationsRelatedtoEBITD
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    twnk_StockUnitsOutstandingWithPerformanceObligationsRelatedtoTSR: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock Units Outstanding With Performance Obligations Related to TSR
        label: Stock Units Outstanding With Performance Obligations Related to TSR
        terseLabel: Stock units outstanding with performance obligations Related to TSR
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockUnitsOutstandingWithPerformanceObligationsRelatedtoTSR
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    twnk_SummaryOfTaxReceivableAgreementTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Summary Of Tax Receivable Agreement [Table Text Block]
        label: Summary Of Tax Receivable Agreement [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Summary of Tax Receivable Agreement
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SummaryOfTaxReceivableAgreementTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/TaxReceivableAgreementTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    twnk_SweetBakedGoodsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sweet Baked Goods [Member]
        label: Sweet Baked Goods [Member]
        terseLabel: Sweet Baked Goods
        verboseLabel: Sweet Baked Goods
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SweetBakedGoodsMember
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsGoodwillActivityDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SegmentReportingDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesConcentrationsDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPropertyandEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    twnk_TaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017IncompleteAccountingChangeinTaxRateDeferredTaxAssetProvisionalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tax Cuts And Jobs Act Of 2017, Incomplete Accounting, Change in Tax Rate, Deferred Tax Asset, Provisional Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        label: Tax Cuts And Jobs Act Of 2017, Incomplete Accounting, Change in Tax Rate, Deferred Tax Asset, Provisional Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        negatedLabel: Tax Cuts And Jobs Act Of 2017, provisional non-cash tax benefit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017IncompleteAccountingChangeinTaxRateDeferredTaxAssetProvisionalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_TaxExemptBond: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tax-Exempt Bond
        label: Tax-Exempt Bond
        terseLabel: Tax-exempt bond
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TaxExemptBond
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesFinancingLeasesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_TaxReceivableAgreementCashTaxSavingsRate: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tax Receivable Agreement, Cash Tax Savings Rate
        label: Tax Receivable Agreement, Cash Tax Savings Rate
        terseLabel: Tax receivable agreement, cash tax savings rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TaxReceivableAgreementCashTaxSavingsRate
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/TaxReceivableAgreementNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    twnk_TaxReceivableAgreementDueafterFifthYear: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tax Receivable Agreement, Due after Fifth Year
        label: Tax Receivable Agreement, Due after Fifth Year
        verboseLabel: Thereafter
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TaxReceivableAgreementDueafterFifthYear
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/TaxReceivableAgreementFutureExpectedPaymentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_TaxReceivableAgreementDueinFifthYear: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tax Receivable Agreement, Due in Fifth Year
        label: Tax Receivable Agreement, Due in Fifth Year
        terseLabel: 2024
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TaxReceivableAgreementDueinFifthYear
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/TaxReceivableAgreementFutureExpectedPaymentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_TaxReceivableAgreementDueinFourthYear: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tax Receivable Agreement, Due in Fourth Year
        label: Tax Receivable Agreement, Due in Fourth Year
        terseLabel: 2023
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TaxReceivableAgreementDueinFourthYear
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/TaxReceivableAgreementFutureExpectedPaymentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_TaxReceivableAgreementDueinNextFiscalYear: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tax Receivable Agreement, Due in Next Fiscal Year
        label: Tax Receivable Agreement, Due in Next Fiscal Year
        terseLabel: 2020
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TaxReceivableAgreementDueinNextFiscalYear
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/TaxReceivableAgreementFutureExpectedPaymentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_TaxReceivableAgreementDueinSecondYear: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tax Receivable Agreement, Due in Second Year
        label: Tax Receivable Agreement, Due in Second Year
        terseLabel: 2021
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TaxReceivableAgreementDueinSecondYear
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/TaxReceivableAgreementFutureExpectedPaymentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_TaxReceivableAgreementDueinThirdYear: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tax Receivable Agreement, Due in Third Year
        label: Tax Receivable Agreement, Due in Third Year
        terseLabel: 2022
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TaxReceivableAgreementDueinThirdYear
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/TaxReceivableAgreementFutureExpectedPaymentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_TaxReceivableAgreementFiscalYearMaturityScheduleTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tax Receivable Agreement, Fiscal Year Maturity Schedule [Table Text Block]
        label: Tax Receivable Agreement, Fiscal Year Maturity Schedule [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Future Expected Payments Under Tax Receivable Arrangement
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TaxReceivableAgreementFiscalYearMaturityScheduleTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/TaxReceivableAgreementTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    twnk_TaxReceivableAgreementPaymentMadetoTerminateFuturePayments: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tax Receivable Agreement, Payment Made to Terminate Future Payments
        label: Tax Receivable Agreement, Payment Made to Terminate Future Payments
        terseLabel: Tax receivable agreement, payment made to terminate future payments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TaxReceivableAgreementPaymentMadetoTerminateFuturePayments
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/TaxReceivableAgreementNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_TaxReceivableAgreementPaymentsPayableCurrent: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tax Receivable Agreement, Payments Payable, Current
        label: Tax Receivable Agreement, Payments Payable, Current
        terseLabel: Tax receivable agreement obligations payable within one year
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TaxReceivableAgreementPaymentsPayableCurrent
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_TaxReceivableAgreementPaymentsPayableNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Liabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tax Receivable Agreement, Payments Payable, Noncurrent
        label: Tax Receivable Agreement, Payments Payable, Noncurrent
        terseLabel: Tax receivable agreement obligations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TaxReceivableAgreementPaymentsPayableNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    twnk_TaxReceivableAgreementTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tax Receivable Agreement [Text Block]
        label: Tax Receivable Agreement [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Tax Receivable Agreement
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TaxReceivableAgreementTextBlock
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/TaxReceivableAgreement
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    twnk_TaxReceivableArrangementTaxSavingsPercentOwed: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tax Receivable Arrangement, Tax Savings Percent Owed
        label: Tax Receivable Arrangement, Tax Savings Percent Owed
        terseLabel: Tax receivable arrangement, tax savings percent owed
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TaxReceivableArrangementTaxSavingsPercentOwed
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/TaxReceivableAgreementNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    twnk_TaxReceivableArrangementTaxSavingsPercentRetained: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tax Receivable Arrangement, Tax Savings Percent Retained
        label: Tax Receivable Arrangement, Tax Savings Percent Retained
        terseLabel: Tax receivable arrangement, tax savings percent retained
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TaxReceivableArrangementTaxSavingsPercentRetained
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/TaxReceivableAgreementNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    twnk_TaxReceivableArrangementTerm: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tax Receivable Arrangement, Term
        label: Tax Receivable Arrangement, Term
        terseLabel: Tax receivable arrangement, term (more than)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TaxReceivableArrangementTerm
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/TaxReceivableAgreementNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    twnk_ThirdNewFirstTermLoanMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Third New First Term Loan [Member]
        label: Third New First Term Loan [Member]
        terseLabel: Third Term Loan
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ThirdNewFirstTermLoanMember
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    twnk_TotalSharebasedReturnAwardsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total Sharebased Return Awards [Member]
        label: Total Sharebased Return Awards [Member]
        terseLabel: Total Sharebased Return Awards
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TotalSharebasedReturnAwardsMember
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    twnk_USBreakfastAssetsofARYZTALLCMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: US Breakfast Assets of ARYZTA, LLC [Member]
        label: US Breakfast Assets of ARYZTA, LLC [Member]
        terseLabel: US Breakfast Assets of ARYZTA, LLC
       }
      }
     }
     localname: USBreakfastAssetsofARYZTALLCMember
     nsuri: http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/BusinessCombinationsAdditionalInformationDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/BusinessCombinationsPurchasePriceAllocationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Accounting Policies [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Accounting Policies [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountingPoliciesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201602Member: {
     auth_ref: [
      r384
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accounting Standards Update 2016-02 Leases (Topic 842).
        label: Accounting Standards Update 2016-02 [Member]
        terseLabel: Accounting Standards Update 2016-02
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountingStandardsUpdate201602Member
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdoptionofNewAccountingStandardsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountsPayableAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other liabilities that are classified as current at the end of the reporting period.
        label: Accounts Payable, Accrued Liabilities, and Other Liabilities Disclosure, Current [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Accrued Expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountsPayableAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/AccruedExpenses
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r53
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: Accounts Payable, Current
        terseLabel: Accounts payable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountsPayableCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r15
      r33
      r172
      r173
      r255
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after allowance for credit loss, of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business, classified as current.
        label: Accounts Receivable, after Allowance for Credit Loss, Current
        terseLabel: Accounts receivable, net
        verboseLabel: Accounts receivable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountsReceivableNetCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesAccountsReceivableDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccruedBonusesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r18
      r19
      r56
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/AccruedExpensesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: twnk_AccruedLiabilitiesandOtherCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable for incentive compensation awarded to employees and directors or earned by them based on the terms of one or more relevant arrangements. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: Accrued Bonuses, Current
        terseLabel: Incentive compensation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccruedBonusesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/AccruedExpensesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccruedBonusesCurrentAndNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r414
      r431
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable for incentive compensation awarded to employees and directors or earned by them based on the terms of one or more relevant arrangements.
        label: Accrued Bonuses
        terseLabel: Accrued incentive
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccruedBonusesCurrentAndNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesEmployeeBenefitPlansDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccruedIncomeTaxesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r26
      r408
      r424
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/AccruedExpensesDetails: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: twnk_AccruedLiabilitiesandOtherCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of the unpaid sum of the known and estimated amounts payable to satisfy all currently due domestic and foreign income tax obligations.
        label: Accrued Income Taxes, Current
        terseLabel: Taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccruedIncomeTaxesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/AccruedExpensesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r56
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This item represents obligations incurred and payable, pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature, are incurred on contractual obligations, or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered.
        label: Accrued Liabilities [Member]
        terseLabel: Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccruedLiabilitiesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DerivativeContractsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r51
      r219
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
        label: Accumulated Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Property, Plant, and Equipment
        negatedTerseLabel: Less accumulated depreciation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r73
      r75
      r76
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources, net of tax effect, at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss), and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items, certain pension adjustments, unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities, other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis, as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
        label: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax
        terseLabel: Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r72
      r76
      r77
      r341
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources, attributable to the parent. Excludes net income (loss), and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
        label: AOCI Attributable to Parent [Member]
        terseLabel: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife: {
     auth_ref: [
      r199
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average amortization period of finite-lived intangible assets acquired either individually or as part of a group of assets, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Acquired Finite-lived Intangible Assets, Weighted Average Useful Life
        verboseLabel: Weighted-average amortization period
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital: {
     auth_ref: [
      r34
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock, use the element additional paid in capital, common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock, use the element additional paid in capital, preferred stock.
        label: Additional Paid in Capital
        terseLabel: Additional paid in capital
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdditionalPaidInCapital
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders.
        label: Additional Paid-in Capital [Member]
        terseLabel: Additional Paid-in Capital
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofEquityDeficit
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedRSUsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdjustmentToAdditionalPaidInCapitalIncomeTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensationNet: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in additional paid in capital (APIC) resulting from a tax benefit (deficiency) associated with an share-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).
        label: Adjustment to Additional Paid in Capital, Income Tax Effect from Share-based Compensation, Net
        terseLabel: Income tax, share-based compensation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdjustmentToAdditionalPaidInCapitalIncomeTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensationNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofEquityDeficitParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r133
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by new accounting pronouncement.
        label: Adjustments for New Accounting Pronouncements [Axis]
        terseLabel: Adjustments for New Accounting Pronouncements [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdoptionofNewAccountingStandardsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalIncomeTaxDeficiencyFromShareBasedCompensation: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of decrease in additional paid in capital (APIC) resulting from a tax deficiency associated with a share-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).
        label: Adjustments to Additional Paid in Capital, Income Tax Deficiency from Share-based Compensation
        negatedTerseLabel: Payment of taxes for employee stock awards
        terseLabel: Employee tax obligation upon vesting
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalIncomeTaxDeficiencyFromShareBasedCompensation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofEquityDeficit
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedRSUsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalWarrantIssued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r234
      r243
      r250
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in additional paid in capital (APIC) resulting from the issuance of warrants. Includes allocation of proceeds of debt securities issued with detachable stock purchase warrants.
        label: Adjustments to Additional Paid in Capital, Warrant Issued
        terseLabel: Exercise of public warrants
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalWarrantIssued
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r262
      r288
      r292
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expense for award under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes amount capitalized.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Expense
        terseLabel: Allocated share-based compensation expense
        verboseLabel: Compensation expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockAwardsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationStockOptionsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r39
      r178
      r182
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of allowance for credit loss on accounts receivable, classified as current.
        label: Accounts Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss, Current
        terseLabel: Reserve to cover allowances for damages occurring during shipment, quality claims and doubtful accounts
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesAccountsReceivableDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AmortizationOfDebtDiscountPremium: {
     auth_ref: [
      r96
      r113
      r378
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of noncash expense included in interest expense to amortize debt discount and premium associated with the related debt instruments. Excludes amortization of financing costs. Alternate captions include noncash interest expense.
        label: Amortization of Debt Discount (Premium)
        terseLabel: Debt premium amortization
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AmortizationOfDebtDiscountPremium
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113
      r197
      r206
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingExpenses
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense, this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.
        label: Amortization of Intangible Assets
        terseLabel: Amortization of customer relationships
        verboseLabel: Amortization expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_Assets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r166
      r406
      r423
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are recognized. Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
        label: Assets
        terseLabel: Total segment assets
        totalLabel: Total assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Assets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SegmentReportingDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Assets [Abstract]
        terseLabel: ASSETS
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r16
      r17
      r69
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash, sold, or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle, if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
        label: Assets, Current
        totalLabel: Total current assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Assets, Current [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Current assets:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsCurrentAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r263
      r290
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Award Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Award Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AwardTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockAwardsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationScheduleofAssumptionsDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationStockOptionsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedRSUsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by location on balance sheet (statement of financial position).
        label: Balance Sheet Location [Axis]
        terseLabel: Balance Sheet Location [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BalanceSheetLocationAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DerivativeContractsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r354
      r358
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Location in the balance sheet (statement of financial position).
        label: Balance Sheet Location [Domain]
        terseLabel: Balance Sheet Location [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BalanceSheetLocationDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DerivativeContractsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BaseRateMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Minimum rate investor will accept.
        label: Base Rate [Member]
        terseLabel: Base Rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BaseRateMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtRevolvingCreditFacilityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting, or basis of presentation, used to prepare the financial statements (for example, US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting, IFRS).
        label: Basis of Accounting, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Basis of Presentation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAcquireeDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Identification of the acquiree in a material business combination (or series of individually immaterial business combinations), which may include the name or other type of identification of the acquiree.
        label: Business Acquisition, Acquiree [Domain]
        terseLabel: Business Acquisition, Acquiree [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessAcquisitionAcquireeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/BusinessCombinationsAdditionalInformationDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/BusinessCombinationsPurchasePriceAllocationDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesSharePurchaseAgreementDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/TaxReceivableAgreementNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r322
      r323
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by business combination or series of individually immaterial business combinations.
        label: Business Acquisition [Axis]
        terseLabel: Business Acquisition [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessAcquisitionAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/BusinessCombinationsAdditionalInformationDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/BusinessCombinationsPurchasePriceAllocationDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesSharePurchaseAgreementDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/TaxReceivableAgreementNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Business Acquisition [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Business Acquisition [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessAcquisitionLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/BusinessCombinationsAdditionalInformationDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/BusinessCombinationsPurchasePriceAllocationDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesSharePurchaseAgreementDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/TaxReceivableAgreementNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r321
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingExpenses
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents acquisition-related costs incurred to effect a business combination which costs have been expensed during the period. Such costs include finder's fees; advisory, legal, accounting, valuation, and other professional or consulting fees; general administrative costs, including the costs of maintaining an internal acquisitions department; and may include costs of registering and issuing debt and equity securities.
        label: Business Combination, Acquisition Related Costs
        terseLabel: Business combination transaction costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/BusinessCombinationsAdditionalInformationDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r328
      r329
      r330
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of consideration transferred, consisting of acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred by the acquirer, liabilities incurred by the acquirer, and equity interest issued by the acquirer.
        label: Business Combination, Consideration Transferred
        terseLabel: Purchase price, subject to customary adjustments for net indebtedness of the acquired business and working capital
        verboseLabel: Total consideration
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/BusinessCombinationsAdditionalInformationDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesSharePurchaseAgreementDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r331
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for a business combination (or series of individually immaterial business combinations) completed during the period, including background, timing, and recognized assets and liabilities. The disclosure may include leverage buyout transactions (as applicable).
        label: Business Combination Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Business Combinations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessCombinationDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/BusinessCombinations
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsOther: {
     auth_ref: [
      r325
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/BusinessCombinationsPurchasePriceAllocationDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of other assets expected to be realized or consumed before one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer, acquired at the acquisition date.
        label: Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Current Assets, Other
        terseLabel: Other current assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsOther
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/BusinessCombinationsPurchasePriceAllocationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesOther: {
     auth_ref: [
      r325
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/BusinessCombinationsPurchasePriceAllocationDetails: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of other liabilities due within one year or within the normal operating cycle, if longer, assumed at the acquisition date.
        label: Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Current Liabilities, Other
        negatedTerseLabel: Other current liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesOther
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/BusinessCombinationsPurchasePriceAllocationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r325
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/BusinessCombinationsPurchasePriceAllocationDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, that lack physical substance, having a projected indefinite period of benefit, acquired at the acquisition date.
        label: Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets
        verboseLabel: Trade name and trademarks
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/BusinessCombinationsPurchasePriceAllocationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles: {
     auth_ref: [
      r324
      r325
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/BusinessCombinationsPurchasePriceAllocationDetails: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of identifiable intangible assets recognized as of the acquisition date.
        label: Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Finite-Lived Intangibles
        terseLabel: Customer relationships
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/BusinessCombinationsPurchasePriceAllocationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedInventory: {
     auth_ref: [
      r324
      r325
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/BusinessCombinationsPurchasePriceAllocationDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of inventory recognized as of the acquisition date.
        label: Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Inventory
        terseLabel: Inventory
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedInventory
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/BusinessCombinationsPurchasePriceAllocationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r324
      r325
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/BusinessCombinationsPurchasePriceAllocationDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount recognized as of the acquisition date for the identifiable assets acquired in excess of (less than) the aggregate liabilities assumed.
        label: Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Net
        totalLabel: Net assets acquired
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/BusinessCombinationsPurchasePriceAllocationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r324
      r325
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/BusinessCombinationsPurchasePriceAllocationDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of property, plant, and equipment recognized as of the acquisition date.
        label: Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Property, Plant, and Equipment
        terseLabel: Property and equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedPropertyPlantAndEquipment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/BusinessCombinationsPurchasePriceAllocationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Business Combinations [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Business Combinations [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessCombinationsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r27
      r383
      r425
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofLongTermDebtDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsIncludingCurrentMaturities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance, maintenance, and taxes to be paid by the lessor, together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal through the balance sheet date.
        label: Capital Lease Obligations
        terseLabel: Lease obligations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalLeaseObligations
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofLongTermDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalLeasedAssetsLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Capital Leased Assets [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Capital Leased Assets [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalLeasedAssetsLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesFinancingLeasesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareAmortization1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r440
      r441
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expense for amortization of capitalized computer software costs.
        label: Capitalized Computer Software, Amortization
        terseLabel: Capitalized software costs, amortization expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalizedComputerSoftwareAmortization1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesSoftwareCostsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r439
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The carrying amount of capitalized computer software costs net of accumulated amortization as of the balance sheet date.
        label: Capitalized Computer Software, Net
        terseLabel: Capitalized computer software
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalizedComputerSoftwareNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesSoftwareCostsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r13
      r48
      r115
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
        label: Cash and Cash Equivalents, at Carrying Value
        terseLabel: Cash and cash equivalents
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r22
      r116
      r120
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents, including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents, (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk, (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts), and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example, at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
        label: Cash and Cash Equivalents, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Cash and Cash Equivalents
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents: {
     auth_ref: [
      r108
      r115
      r118
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash and cash equivalents, and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage. Excludes amount for disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes, but is not limited to, currency on hand, demand deposits with banks or financial institutions, and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include, but are not limited to, short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.
        label: Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
        periodEndLabel: Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
        periodStartLabel: Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect: {
     auth_ref: [
      r108
      r376
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes, but is not limited to, currency on hand, demand deposits with banks or financial institutions, and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include, but are not limited to, short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.
        label: Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents, Period Increase (Decrease), Including Exchange Rate Effect
        totalLabel: Net increase in cash and cash equivalents
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashFlowHedgingMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r351
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Hedge of the exposure to variability in the cash flows of a recognized asset or liability, or of a forecasted transaction, that is attributable to a particular risk.
        label: Cash Flow Hedging [Member]
        terseLabel: Cash Flow Hedge
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashFlowHedgingMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DerivativeContractsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Cash Flow, Noncash Investing and Financing Activities Disclosure [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ClassOfStockDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share of stock differentiated by the voting rights the holder receives. Examples include, but are not limited to, common stock, redeemable preferred stock, nonredeemable preferred stock, and convertible stock.
        label: Class of Stock [Domain]
        terseLabel: Class of Stock [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ClassOfStockDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofEquityDeficit
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EquityDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Class of Stock [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Class of Stock [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ClassOfStockLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EquityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r128
      r251
      r261
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of warrant or right issued.
        label: Class of Warrant or Right [Axis]
        terseLabel: Class of Warrant or Right [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ClassOfWarrantOrRightAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EquityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r123
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the class or type of warrant or right outstanding. Warrants and rights represent derivative securities that give the holder the right to purchase securities (usually equity) from the issuer at a specific price within a certain time frame. Warrants are often included in a new debt issue to entice investors by a higher return potential. The main difference between warrants and call options is that warrants are issued and guaranteed by the company, whereas options are exchange instruments and are not issued by the company. Also, the lifetime of a warrant is often measured in years, while the lifetime of a typical option is measured in months.
        label: Class of Warrant or Right [Domain]
        terseLabel: Class of Warrant or Right [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ClassOfWarrantOrRightDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EquityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r127
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Exercise price per share or per unit of warrants or rights outstanding.
        label: Class of Warrant or Right, Exercise Price of Warrants or Rights
        terseLabel: Exercise price of warrant (usd per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EquityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByEachWarrantOrRight: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of securities into which each warrant or right may be converted. For example, but not limited to, each warrant may be converted into two shares.
        label: Class of Warrant or Right, Number of Securities Called by Each Warrant or Right
        terseLabel: Class of warrant, number of securities called
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByEachWarrantOrRight
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EquityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r128
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of warrants or rights outstanding.
        label: Class of Warrant or Right, Outstanding
        terseLabel: Warrants outstanding (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ClassOfWarrantOrRightOutstanding
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EquityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies: {
     auth_ref: [
      r61
      r230
      r415
      r430
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof, and (2) is exposed to potential losses or, less frequently, gains, arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms, and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
        label: Commitments and Contingencies
        terseLabel: Commitments and Contingencies (Note 15)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingencies
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r229
      r231
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for commitments and contingencies.
        label: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Commitments and Contingencies
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingencies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonClassAMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Classification of common stock representing ownership interest in a corporation.
        label: Common Class A [Member]
        terseLabel: Common Class A
        verboseLabel: Class A
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonClassAMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofEquityDeficit
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EquityDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonClassBMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Classification of common stock that has different rights than Common Class A, representing ownership interest in a corporation.
        label: Common Class B [Member]
        terseLabel: Common Class B
        verboseLabel: Class B
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonClassBMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofEquityDeficit
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EquityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockCapitalSharesReservedForFutureIssuance: {
     auth_ref: [
      r63
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate number of common shares reserved for future issuance.
        label: Common Stock, Capital Shares Reserved for Future Issuance
        terseLabel: Common stock reserved for issuance (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockCapitalSharesReservedForFutureIssuance
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock that is subordinate to all other stock of the issuer.
        label: Common Stock [Member]
        terseLabel: Common Stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r32
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Face amount or stated value per share of common stock.
        label: Common Stock, Par or Stated Value Per Share
        terseLabel: Common stock, par value (usd per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r32
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The maximum number of common shares permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws.
        label: Common Stock, Shares Authorized
        terseLabel: Common stock, authorized (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockSharesAuthorized
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EquityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r32
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued, repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners, and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
        label: Common Stock, Shares, Issued
        terseLabel: Common stock, issued (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockSharesIssued
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EquityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r32
      r243
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares of common stock outstanding. Common stock represent the ownership interest in a corporation.
        label: Common Stock, Shares, Outstanding
        periodEndLabel: Ending balance (shares)
        periodStartLabel: Beginning balance (shares)
        terseLabel: Common stock, outstanding (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockSharesOutstanding
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofEquityDeficit
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EquityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r32
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares, par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
        label: Common Stock, Value, Issued
        terseLabel: Common Stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CompensationRelatedCostsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r119
      r267
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for salaries, bonuses, incentive awards, postretirement and postemployment benefits granted to employees, including equity-based arrangements; discloses methodologies for measurement, and the bases for recognizing related assets and liabilities and recognizing and reporting compensation expense.
        label: Compensation Related Costs, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Equity Compensation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CompensationRelatedCostsPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r80
      r82
      r83
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income, attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
        label: Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax, Attributable to Parent
        totalLabel: Comprehensive income attributed to Class A shareholders
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest: {
     auth_ref: [
      r80
      r82
      r334
      r344
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
        label: Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax, Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest
        terseLabel: Comprehensive income
        totalLabel: Comprehensive income
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncome
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskBenchmarkDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r156
      r157
      r373
      r374
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The denominator in a calculation of a disclosed concentration risk percentage.
        label: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Domain]
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskBenchmarkDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesConcentrationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r156
      r157
      r373
      r374
      r436
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by benchmark of concentration risk.
        label: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Axis]
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesConcentrationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r156
      r157
      r373
      r374
      r436
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of concentration risk, for example, but not limited to, asset, liability, net assets, geographic, customer, employees, supplier, lender.
        label: Concentration Risk Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesConcentrationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Concentration Risk [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesConcentrationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r156
      r157
      r373
      r374
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount, which serves as the \benchmark\ (or denominator) in the equation, this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
        label: Concentration Risk, Percentage
        terseLabel: Concentration risk, percentage
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskPercentage1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesConcentrationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r154
      r156
      r157
      r158
      r373
      r375
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Describes the nature of a concentration, a benchmark to which it is compared, and the percentage that the risk is to the benchmark.
        label: Concentration Risk [Table]
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesConcentrationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r156
      r157
      r373
      r374
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: For an entity that discloses a concentration risk as a percentage of some financial balance or benchmark, identifies the type (for example, asset, liability, net assets, geographic, customer, employees, supplier, lender) of the concentration.
        label: Concentration Risk Type [Domain]
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesConcentrationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r120
      r336
      r345
      r346
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements, including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example, common stock, a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities, for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions, noncontrolling interest, and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.
        label: Consolidation, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Principles of Consolidation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Structure or a modification to a structure under construction. Includes recently completed structures or modifications to structures that have not been placed into service.
        label: Construction in Progress [Member]
        terseLabel: Construction in progress
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConstructionInProgressMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold: {
     auth_ref: [
      r92
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_GrossProfit
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate costs related to goods produced and sold and services rendered by an entity during the reporting period. This excludes costs incurred during the reporting period related to financial services rendered and other revenue generating activities.
        label: Cost of Goods and Services Sold
        terseLabel: Cost of goods sold
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of credit facility. Credit facilities provide capital to borrowers without the need to structure a loan for each borrowing.
        label: Credit Facility [Axis]
        terseLabel: Credit Facility [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CreditFacilityAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesLettersofCreditDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtRevolvingCreditFacilityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CreditFacilityDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Type of credit facility. Credit facilities provide capital to borrowers without the need to structure a loan for each borrowing.
        label: Credit Facility [Domain]
        terseLabel: Credit Facility [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CreditFacilityDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesLettersofCreditDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtRevolvingCreditFacilityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CumulativeEffectOfNewAccountingPrincipleInPeriodOfAdoption: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of increase (decrease) to equity or (increase) decrease to net assets, resulting from the cumulative effect adjustment of a new accounting principle applied in the period of adoption.
        label: Cumulative Effect of New Accounting Principle in Period of Adoption
        terseLabel: Adoption of new accounting standards net of income taxes of $83
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CumulativeEffectOfNewAccountingPrincipleInPeriodOfAdoption
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r122
      r313
      r317
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsofIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current federal tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Current Federal Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: Federal
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsofIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r122
      r313
      r317
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsofIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to taxable income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Current Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        totalLabel: Total Current
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsofIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r122
      r313
      r317
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsofIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current state and local tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Current State and Local Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: State and local
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsofIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r155
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reflects the percentage that revenues in the period from one or more significant customers is to net revenues, as defined by the entity, such as total net revenues, product line revenues, segment revenues. The risk is the materially adverse effects of loss of a significant customer.
        label: Customer Concentration Risk [Member]
        terseLabel: Customer concentration risk
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CustomerConcentrationRiskMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesConcentrationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r327
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Customer relationship that exists between an entity and its customer, for example, but not limited to, tenant relationships.
        label: Customer Relationships [Member]
        terseLabel: Customer Relationships
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CustomerRelationshipsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/BusinessCombinationsPurchasePriceAllocationDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssetsDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesGoodwillandIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Debt Disclosure [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Debt Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r239
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements, which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit, note payable, commercial paper issue, bonds indenture, debenture issue, own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds, and about the underlying arrangements, rationale for a classification as long-term, including repayment terms, interest rates, collateral provided, restrictions on use of assets and activities, whether or not in compliance with debt covenants, and other matters important to users of the financial statements, such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
        label: Debt Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Debt
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r25
      r26
      r27
      r407
      r410
      r422
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of debt instrument, including, but not limited to, draws against credit facilities.
        label: Debt Instrument [Axis]
        terseLabel: Debt Instrument [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofLongTermDebtDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofMaturitiesofLongtermDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage points added to the reference rate to compute the variable rate on the debt instrument.
        label: Debt Instrument, Basis Spread on Variable Rate
        terseLabel: Basis spread on variable rate (as a percent)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtRevolvingCreditFacilityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r27
      r235
      r410
      r422
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofLongTermDebtDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebt
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs, of long-term debt. Includes, but is not limited to, notes payable, bonds payable, commercial loans, mortgage loans, convertible debt, subordinated debt and other types of debt.
        label: Long-term Debt, Gross
        terseLabel: Term Loan (4.14% as of December 31, 2019)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofLongTermDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r379
      r381
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Face (par) amount of debt instrument at time of issuance.
        label: Debt Instrument, Face Amount
        terseLabel: Amount of incremental term loans entered into in order to finance transaction
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentFaceAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesSharePurchaseAgreementDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage: {
     auth_ref: [
      r58
      r238
      r379
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Effective interest rate for the funds borrowed under the debt agreement considering interest compounding and original issue discount or premium.
        label: Debt Instrument, Interest Rate, Effective Percentage
        verboseLabel: Effective fixed interest rate on long-term debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofLongTermDebtDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DerivativeContractsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage: {
     auth_ref: [
      r58
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed, under the debt agreement.
        label: Debt Instrument, Interest Rate, Stated Percentage
        terseLabel: Interest rate on aggregate principal balance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Debt Instrument [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Debt Instrument [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofLongTermDebtDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofMaturitiesofLongtermDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r59
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The name for the particular debt instrument or borrowing that distinguishes it from other debt instruments or borrowings, including draws against credit facilities.
        label: Debt Instrument, Name [Domain]
        terseLabel: Debt Instrument, Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofLongTermDebtDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofMaturitiesofLongtermDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r59
      r125
      r244
      r247
      r248
      r249
      r378
      r379
      r381
      r420
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A table or schedule providing information pertaining to long-term debt instruments or arrangements, including identification, terms, features, collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company, if longer.
        label: Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofLongTermDebtDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofMaturitiesofLongtermDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscountPremiumAndDebtIssuanceCostsNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r236
      r380
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofLongTermDebtDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebt
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of unamortized debt discount (premium) and debt issuance costs.
        label: Debt Instrument, Unamortized Discount (Premium) and Debt Issuance Costs, Net
        negatedTerseLabel: Unamortized debt premium and issuance costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscountPremiumAndDebtIssuanceCostsNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofLongTermDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualMaximumContractualTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r257
      r265
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Maximum term of the deferred compensation arrangement, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Deferred Compensation Arrangement with Individual, Maximum Contractual Term
        terseLabel: Maximum term under grant agreement
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualMaximumContractualTerm1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationStockOptionsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualRequisiteServicePeriod1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r257
      r264
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Minimum period the individual is required to perform services to be fully vested under the deferred compensation arrangement, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Deferred Compensation Arrangement with Individual, Requisite Service Period
        terseLabel: Requisite service period of awards
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualRequisiteServicePeriod1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r122
      r314
      r317
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsofIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred federal income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Deferred Federal Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: Federal
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsofIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113
      r122
      r314
      r317
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 9.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsofIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Deferred Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: Deferred taxes
        totalLabel: Total Deferred
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsofIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r28
      r29
      r305
      r409
      r421
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences.
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Gross
        negatedTotalLabel: Total deferred tax liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilitiesNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r298
      r307
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Liabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after deferred tax asset, of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences with jurisdictional netting.
        label: Deferred Income Tax Liabilities, Net
        terseLabel: Deferred tax liability
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilitiesNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r122
      r314
      r317
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsofIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred state and local tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Deferred State and Local Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: State and local
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsofIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r306
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Gross
        totalLabel: Total deferred tax assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards: {
     auth_ref: [
      r294
      r311
      r312
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible operating loss carryforwards.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Operating Loss Carryforwards
        terseLabel: Net operating loss carryforwards
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther: {
     auth_ref: [
      r295
      r311
      r312
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before allocation of valuation allowance, of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences, classified as other.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Other
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsOther
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwards: {
     auth_ref: [
      r309
      r311
      r312
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before allocation of a valuation allowances, of deferred tax assets attributable to deductible tax credit carryforwards including, but not limited to, research, foreign, general business, alternative minimum tax, and other deductible tax credit carryforwards.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Tax Credit Carryforwards
        terseLabel: Tax credits
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwards
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r298
      r307
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after deferred tax asset, of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences without jurisdictional netting.
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Net
        negatedTotalLabel: Total deferred tax assets and liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r295
      r311
      r312
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from intangible assets including goodwill.
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Goodwill and Intangible Assets
        negatedLabel: Goodwill and intangible assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesOther: {
     auth_ref: [
      r295
      r311
      r312
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences classified as other.
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Other
        negatedLabel: Other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesOther
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r295
      r311
      r312
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property, plant, and equipment.
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Property, Plant and Equipment
        negatedLabel: Property and equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_Depreciation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113
      r217
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of expense recognized in the current period that reflects the allocation of the cost of tangible assets over the assets' useful lives. Includes production and non-production related depreciation.
        label: Depreciation
        terseLabel: Depreciation expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Depreciation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113
      r164
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets, intangible assets, or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
        label: Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization
        terseLabel: Depreciation and amortization
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SegmentReportingDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativeBasisSpreadOnVariableRate: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The percentage points added to the reference rate to compute the variable rate on the interest rate derivative.
        label: Derivative, Basis Spread on Variable Rate
        terseLabel: Basis spread on variable rate (as a percent)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeBasisSpreadOnVariableRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DerivativeContractsDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativeContractTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Financial instrument or contract with one or more underlyings, notional amount or payment provision or both, and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset.
        label: Derivative Contract [Domain]
        terseLabel: Derivative Contract [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeContractTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DerivativeContractsDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r372
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair value of the assets less the liabilities of a derivative or group of derivatives.
        label: Derivative, Fair Value, Net
        terseLabel: Fair value of derivative
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DerivativeContractsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativeFixedInterestRate: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fixed interest rate related to the interest rate derivative.
        label: Derivative, Fixed Interest Rate
        terseLabel: Fixed interest rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeFixedInterestRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DerivativeContractsDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r356
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 16.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingExpenses
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in the fair value of derivatives recognized in the income statement.
        label: Derivative, Gain (Loss) on Derivative, Net
        negatedLabel: Gain on foreign currency contract
        terseLabel: Gain on foreign currency contract
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DerivativeContractsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r355
      r357
      r360
      r363
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of derivative contract.
        label: Derivative Instrument [Axis]
        terseLabel: Derivative Instrument [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DerivativeContractsDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities Disclosure [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r371
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for derivative instruments and hedging activities including, but not limited to, risk management strategies, non-hedging derivative instruments, assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and methodologies and assumptions used in determining the amounts.
        label: Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Derivative Contracts
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DerivativeContracts
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r352
      r355
      r360
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of hedging relationship.
        label: Hedging Relationship [Axis]
        terseLabel: Hedging Relationship [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DerivativeContractsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r70
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/AccruedExpensesDetails: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: twnk_AccruedLiabilitiesandOtherCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair value, after the effects of master netting arrangements, of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings, notional amount or payment provision or both, and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset, expected to be settled within one year or normal operating cycle, if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.
        label: Derivative Liability, Current
        terseLabel: Interest rate swap contract
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeLiabilitiesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/AccruedExpensesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Derivative [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Derivative [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DerivativeContractsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativeNotionalAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r348
      r350
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Nominal or face amount used to calculate payment on derivative.
        label: Derivative, Notional Amount
        terseLabel: Notional amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeNotionalAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DerivativeContractsDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativeTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r129
      r347
      r349
      r350
      r352
      r353
      r359
      r360
      r365
      r367
      r369
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule that describes and identifies a derivative or group of derivatives on a disaggregated basis, such as for individual instruments, or small groups of similar instruments. May include a combination of the type of instrument, risks being hedged, notional amount, hedge designation, related hedged item, inception date, maturity date, or other relevant item.
        label: Derivative [Table]
        terseLabel: Derivative [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DerivativeContractsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativeTermOfContract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Period the derivative contract is outstanding, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Derivative, Term of Contract
        terseLabel: Term of contract
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeTermOfContract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DerivativeContractsDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativesPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r120
      r130
      r347
      r349
      r352
      r353
      r366
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for its derivative instruments and hedging activities.
        label: Derivatives, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Derivatives
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativesPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r352
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Derivative instrument designated as hedging instrument under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP).
        label: Designated as Hedging Instrument [Member]
        terseLabel: Designated as Hedging Instrument
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DerivativeContractsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r293
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Stock-Based Compensation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensation
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs, Share-based Payments [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationsAndDisposalGroupsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Discontinued Operations and Disposal Groups [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DiscontinuedOperationsAndDisposalGroupsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupNotDiscontinuedOperationGainLossOnDisposal: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113
      r216
      r221
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before tax of gain (loss) recognized on the sale or disposal of a disposal group. Excludes discontinued operations.
        label: Disposal Group, Not Discontinued Operation, Gain (Loss) on Disposal
        negatedLabel: Loss on disposal
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupNotDiscontinuedOperationGainLossOnDisposal
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DivestitureofInStoreBakeryOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r12
      r226
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure related to a disposal group. Includes, but is not limited to, a discontinued operation, disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.
        label: Disposal Groups, Including Discontinued Operations, Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Divestiture of In-Store Bakery Operations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DivestitureofInStoreBakeryOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of disposal group.
        label: Disposal Group Name [Domain]
        terseLabel: Disposal Group Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DivestitureofInStoreBakeryOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Earnings Per Share [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Earnings per Class A share:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r88
      r134
      r138
      r140
      r141
      r142
      r145
      r418
      r433
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of net income (loss) for the period per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period.
        label: Earnings Per Share, Basic
        terseLabel: Basic (usd per share)
        verboseLabel: Earnings per Class A share - basic (usd per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareBasic
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EarningsperShareDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/UnauditedQuarterlyFinancialDataDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Earnings Per Share, Basic and Diluted [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Earnings (loss) per Class A share:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/UnauditedQuarterlyFinancialDataDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted: {
     auth_ref: [
      r88
      r134
      r138
      r140
      r141
      r142
      r145
      r418
      r433
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of net income (loss) for the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period.
        label: Earnings Per Share, Diluted
        terseLabel: Diluted (usd per share)
        verboseLabel: Earnings per Class A share - dilutive (usd per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareDiluted
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EarningsperShareDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/UnauditedQuarterlyFinancialDataDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r146
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for earnings per share.
        label: Earnings Per Share [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Earnings per Share
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EarningsperShare
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r126
      r299
      r300
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Percent
        totalLabel: Effective income tax rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r299
      r300
      r316
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of domestic federal statutory tax rate applicable to pretax income (loss).
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate, Percent
        terseLabel: U. S. federal statutory income tax rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r299
      r300
      r316
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to changes in the income tax rates.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Change in Enacted Tax Rate, Percent
        terseLabel: Change in state tax rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationMinorityInterestIncomeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r299
      r300
      r316
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to noncontrolling interest income (loss) exempt from income taxes.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Noncontrolling Interest Income (Loss), Percent
        negatedLabel: Income attributable to non-controlling interest
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationMinorityInterestIncomeExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r299
      r300
      r316
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to other adjustments.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Other Adjustments, Percent
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes: {
     auth_ref: [
      r299
      r300
      r316
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit), net of federal tax expense (benefit).
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, State and Local Income Taxes, Percent
        terseLabel: State and local income taxes, net of federal benefit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017Percent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r299
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of reported income tax expense (benefit) in excess of (less than) expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying domestic federal statutory income tax rate to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations, attributable to Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Percent
        terseLabel: Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017Percent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: pureItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r289
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted-average period over which cost not yet recognized is expected to be recognized for award under share-based payment arrangement, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Nonvested Award, Cost Not yet Recognized, Period for Recognition
        terseLabel: Weighted average remaining period
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedShareBasedAwardsOtherThanOptions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r289
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cost to be recognized for nonvested award under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes share and unit options.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Nonvested Award, Excluding Option, Cost Not yet Recognized, Amount
        terseLabel: Total unrecognized compensation cost
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedShareBasedAwardsOtherThanOptions
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedStockOptions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r289
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cost to be recognized for option under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Nonvested Award, Option, Cost Not yet Recognized, Amount
        terseLabel: Total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedStockOptions
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationStockOptionsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r287
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based payment arrangement granting right, subject to vesting and other restrictions, to purchase or sell certain number of shares at predetermined price for specified period of time.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Option [Member]
        terseLabel: Option
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeStockOptionMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationScheduleofAssumptionsDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationStockOptionsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Equity [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Equity [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquityAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EquityComponentDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r243
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Components of equity are the parts of the total Equity balance including that which is allocated to common, preferred, treasury stock, retained earnings, etc.
        label: Equity Component [Domain]
        terseLabel: Equity Component [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquityComponentDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofEquityDeficit
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedRSUsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EscrowDeposit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r413
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The designation of funds furnished by a borrower to a lender to assure future payments of the borrower's real estate taxes and insurance obligations with respect to a mortgaged property. Escrow deposits may be made for a variety of other purposes such as earnest money and contingent payments. This element excludes replacement reserves which are an escrow separately provided for within the US GAAP taxonomy.
        label: Escrow Deposit
        terseLabel: Portion of purchase price deposited into escrow account
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EscrowDeposit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesSharePurchaseAgreementDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for fair value measurements of financial and non-financial assets, liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include, but are not limited to, how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.
        label: Fair Value Measurement, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Fair Value Measurement
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueMeasurementPolicyPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseInterestExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r387
      r390
      r398
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentandContingenciesCompositionofLeaseExpensesDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LeaseCost
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of interest expense on finance lease liability.
        label: Finance Lease, Interest Expense
        terseLabel: Interest, financing lease
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseInterestExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentandContingenciesCompositionofLeaseExpensesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r386
      r397
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofLongTermDebtDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsIncludingCurrentMaturities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from finance lease.
        label: Finance Lease, Liability
        terseLabel: Lease obligations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiability
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofLongTermDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetAmortization: {
     auth_ref: [
      r387
      r390
      r398
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentandContingenciesCompositionofLeaseExpensesDetails: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LeaseCost
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense attributable to right-of-use asset from finance lease.
        label: Finance Lease, Right-of-Use Asset, Amortization
        terseLabel: Reduction of right of use asset, financing lease
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetAmortization
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentandContingenciesCompositionofLeaseExpensesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization: {
     auth_ref: [
      r205
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated amount of amortization of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Accumulated Amortization
        negatedTerseLabel: Less accumulated amortization (Customer Relationships)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseAfterYearFive: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Amortization Expense, after Year Five
        verboseLabel: 2025 and thereafter
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseAfterYearFive
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: [
      r207
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Amortization Expense, Next Twelve Months
        terseLabel: 2020
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r207
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Amortization Expense, Year Five
        terseLabel: 2024
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour: {
     auth_ref: [
      r207
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Amortization Expense, Year Four
        terseLabel: 2023
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree: {
     auth_ref: [
      r207
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Amortization Expense, Year Three
        terseLabel: 2022
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo: {
     auth_ref: [
      r207
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Amortization Expense, Year Two
        terseLabel: 2021
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r198
      r201
      r205
      r209
      r404
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by major type or class of finite-lived intangible assets.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets by Major Class [Axis]
        terseLabel: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets by Major Class [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/BusinessCombinationsPurchasePriceAllocationDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssetsDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesGoodwillandIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r205
      r404
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before amortization of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Gross
        terseLabel: Intangible assets with definite lives (Customer Relationships)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssetsDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsMajorClassNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r198
      r204
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The major class of finite-lived intangible asset (for example, patents, trademarks, copyrights, etc.) A major class is composed of intangible assets that can be grouped together because they are similar, either by their nature or by their use in the operations of a company.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Major Class Name [Domain]
        terseLabel: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Major Class Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsMajorClassNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/BusinessCombinationsPurchasePriceAllocationDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssetsDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesGoodwillandIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r205
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after amortization of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Net
        terseLabel: Intangible assets with definite lives (customer relationships)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesGoodwillandIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsRemainingAmortizationPeriod1: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Remaining amortization period of finite-lived intangible assets, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Remaining Amortization Period
        terseLabel: Remaining amortization period
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsRemainingAmortizationPeriod1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ForeignExchangeContractMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r258
      r362
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Derivative instrument whose primary underlying risk is tied to foreign exchange rates.
        label: Foreign Exchange Contract [Member]
        terseLabel: Foreign currency contract
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ForeignExchangeContractMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DerivativeContractsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 8.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property, plant and equipment assets, including oil and gas property and timber property.
        label: Gain (Loss) on Disposition of Property Plant Equipment
        negatedLabel: Loss on sale/abandonment of property and equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r94
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingExpenses
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity, including affiliates of the reporting entity, which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture, sale or creation of a product or product line.
        label: General and Administrative Expense
        terseLabel: General and administrative
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpenseMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r89
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing general and administrative expense.
        label: General and Administrative Expense [Member]
        terseLabel: General and Administrative Expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GeneralAndAdministrativeExpenseMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockAwardsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationStockOptionsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_Goodwill: {
     auth_ref: [
      r187
      r189
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after accumulated impairment loss of an asset representing future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized.
        label: Goodwill
        periodEndLabel: Ending balance
        periodStartLabel: Beginning balance
        terseLabel: Goodwill
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Goodwill
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/BusinessCombinationsAdditionalInformationDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsGoodwillActivityDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesGoodwillandIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetImpairment: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total loss recognized during the period from the impairment of goodwill plus the loss recognized in the period resulting from the impairment of the carrying amount of intangible assets, other than goodwill.
        label: Goodwill and Intangible Asset Impairment
        terseLabel: Goodwill and intangible asset impairment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetImpairment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesGoodwillandIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r214
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for goodwill and intangible assets.
        label: Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Goodwill and Intangible Assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssets
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r120
      r193
      r202
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for goodwill and intangible assets. This accounting policy also may address how an entity assesses and measures impairment of goodwill and intangible assets.
        label: Goodwill and Intangible Assets, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Goodwill and Intangible Assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113
      r188
      r191
      r194
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of loss from the write-down of an asset representing the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized.
        label: Goodwill, Impairment Loss
        negatedTerseLabel: Impairment
        terseLabel: Impairment Charges
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GoodwillImpairmentLoss
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsGoodwillActivityDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Goodwill [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Goodwill [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GoodwillLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsGoodwillActivityDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesGoodwillandIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GoodwillOtherIncreaseDecrease: {
     auth_ref: [
      r192
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease), classified as other, of an asset representing the future economic benefits from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized.
        label: Goodwill, Other Increase (Decrease)
        terseLabel: Other reclassifications and tax adjustments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GoodwillOtherIncreaseDecrease
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsGoodwillActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Goodwill [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Goodwill [Roll Forward]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GoodwillRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsGoodwillActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GoodwillWrittenOffRelatedToSaleOfBusinessUnit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r190
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of divestiture of an asset representing future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized.
        label: Goodwill, Written off Related to Sale of Business Unit
        negatedLabel: Divestiture
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GoodwillWrittenOffRelatedToSaleOfBusinessUnit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsGoodwillActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GrossProfit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r90
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate revenue less cost of goods and services sold or operating expenses directly attributable to the revenue generation activity.
        label: Gross Profit
        terseLabel: Gross profit
        totalLabel: Gross profit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GrossProfit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SegmentReportingDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_HedgingDesignationAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r352
      r364
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by designation of purpose of derivative instrument.
        label: Hedging Designation [Axis]
        terseLabel: Hedging Designation [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: HedgingDesignationAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DerivativeContractsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_HedgingDesignationDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r352
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Designation of purpose of derivative instrument.
        label: Hedging Designation [Domain]
        terseLabel: Hedging Designation [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: HedgingDesignationDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DerivativeContractsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_HedgingRelationshipDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r352
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Nature or intent of a hedge.
        label: Hedging Relationship [Domain]
        terseLabel: Hedging Relationship [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: HedgingRelationshipDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DerivativeContractsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsIndefinitelivedExcludingGoodwill: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113
      r210
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of impairment loss resulting from write-down of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit to fair value.
        label: Impairment of Intangible Assets, Indefinite-lived (Excluding Goodwill)
        negatedLabel: Less accumulated impairment charges (Trademarks and Trade Names)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsIndefinitelivedExcludingGoodwill
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113
      r215
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate amount of write-downs for impairments recognized during the period for long-lived assets held for abandonment, exchange or sale.
        label: Impairment of Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed of
        terseLabel: Impairment of property, goodwill and intangibles
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest: {
     auth_ref: [
      r86
      r134
      r405
      r416
      r434
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_ProfitLoss
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations, including income (loss) from equity method investments, before deduction of income tax expense (benefit), and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.
        label: Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Income Taxes, Noncontrolling Interest
        totalLabel: Income before income taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Income Statement [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Income Statement [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeStatementAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by name of disposal group.
        label: Disposal Group Name [Axis]
        terseLabel: Disposal Group Name [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DivestitureofInStoreBakeryOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Income Statement, Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups, Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Income Statement, Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups, Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DivestitureofInStoreBakeryOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r0
      r2
      r3
      r4
      r5
      r6
      r7
      r8
      r9
      r10
      r11
      r224
      r225
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about a disposal group. Includes, but is not limited to, a discontinued operation, disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.
        label: Disposal Groups, Including Discontinued Operations [Table]
        terseLabel: Disposal Groups, Including Discontinued Operations [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DivestitureofInStoreBakeryOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r222
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by location in the income statement.
        label: Income Statement Location [Axis]
        terseLabel: Income Statement Location [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeStatementLocationAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DivestitureofInStoreBakeryOperationsDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockAwardsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationStockOptionsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Location in the income statement.
        label: Income Statement Location [Domain]
        terseLabel: Income Statement Location [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeStatementLocationDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DivestitureofInStoreBakeryOperationsDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockAwardsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationStockOptionsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r301
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by tax jurisdiction.
        label: Income Tax Authority [Axis]
        terseLabel: Income Tax Authority [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Agency, division or body classification that levies income taxes, examines tax returns for compliance, or grants exemptions from or makes other decisions pertaining to income taxes.
        label: Income Tax Authority [Domain]
        terseLabel: Income Tax Authority [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxAuthorityDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r320
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position, net change during the year in the total valuation allowance, approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets, utilization of a tax carryback, and tax uncertainties information.
        label: Income Tax Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Income Taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxes
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r122
      r165
      r318
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_ProfitLoss
       weight: -1.0
      }
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsofIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations.
        label: Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        totalLabel: Income tax expense (benefit), net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesComponentsofIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r84
      r120
      r296
      r297
      r303
      r304
      r308
      r319
      r437
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes, which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances, recognizing investment tax credits, operating loss carryforwards, tax credit carryforwards, and other carryforwards, methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
        label: Income Tax, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Income Taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid: {
     auth_ref: [
      r110
      r117
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign, federal, state, and local authorities as taxes on income.
        label: Income Taxes Paid
        terseLabel: Taxes paid
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxesPaid
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r112
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 13.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the amounts payable to vendors for goods and services received and the amount of obligations and expenses incurred but not paid.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities
        terseLabel: Accounts payable and accrued expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r112
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 10.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in amount due within one year (or one business cycle) from customers for the credit sale of goods and services.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Accounts Receivable
        negatedLabel: Accounts receivable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories: {
     auth_ref: [
      r112
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 11.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity, associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Inventories
        negatedLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInInventories
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Operating Capital [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Change in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions and dispositions:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r112
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 12.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses, and assets classified as other.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Prepaid Expense and Other Assets
        negatedLabel: Prepaids and other current assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Stockholders' Equity [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Increase (Decrease) in Stockholders' Equity [Roll Forward]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToCallOptionsAndWarrants: {
     auth_ref: [
      r142
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EarningsperShareDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Additional shares included in the calculation of diluted EPS as a result of the potentially dilutive effect of call options and warrants using the treasury stock method.
        label: Incremental Common Shares Attributable to Dilutive Effect of Call Options and Warrants
        terseLabel: Dilutive effect of warrants (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToCallOptionsAndWarrants
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EarningsperShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements: {
     auth_ref: [
      r139
      r144
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EarningsperShareDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Additional shares included in the calculation of diluted EPS as a result of the potentially dilutive effect of share based payment arrangements using the treasury stock method.
        label: Incremental Common Shares Attributable to Dilutive Effect of Share-based Payment Arrangements
        terseLabel: Dilutive effect of RSAs and RSUs (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EarningsperShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r200
      r208
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type or class of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit.
        label: Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets [Axis]
        terseLabel: Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/BusinessCombinationsPurchasePriceAllocationDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssetsDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesGoodwillandIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill: {
     auth_ref: [
      r208
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit.
        label: Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets (Excluding Goodwill)
        terseLabel: Intangible assets with indefinite lives (Trademarks and Trade Names)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsMajorClassNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r200
      r208
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The major class of indefinite-lived intangible asset (for example, trade names, etc. but not all-inclusive), excluding goodwill. A major class is composed of intangible assets that can be grouped together because they are similar, either by their nature or by their use in the operations of the company.
        label: Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets, Major Class Name [Domain]
        terseLabel: Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets, Major Class Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsMajorClassNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/BusinessCombinationsPurchasePriceAllocationDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssetsDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesGoodwillandIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWrittenOffRelatedToSaleOfBusinessUnit: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of divestiture of an asset lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit to fair value. Excludes financial assets and goodwill.
        label: Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets, Written off Related to Sale of Business Unit
        terseLabel: Reduction of intangible assets, net due to divestiture of segment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWrittenOffRelatedToSaleOfBusinessUnit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill: {
     auth_ref: [
      r196
      r203
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets, excluding goodwill, as of the balance sheet date, net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
        label: Intangible Assets, Net (Excluding Goodwill)
        terseLabel: Intangible assets, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r85
      r163
      r377
      r380
      r419
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the cost of borrowed funds accounted for as interest expense.
        label: Interest Expense
        terseLabel: Interest Expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestPaidNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r106
      r109
      r117
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash paid for interest, excluding capitalized interest, classified as operating activity. Includes, but is not limited to, payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.
        label: Interest Paid, Excluding Capitalized Interest, Operating Activities
        terseLabel: Interest paid
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestPaidNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r19
      r20
      r56
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/AccruedExpensesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: twnk_AccruedLiabilitiesandOtherCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of [accrued] interest payable on all forms of debt, including trade payables, that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: Interest Payable, Current
        terseLabel: Accrued interest
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestPayableCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/AccruedExpensesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestRateCashFlowHedgeGainLossToBeReclassifiedDuringNext12MonthsNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r370
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The estimated net amount of unrealized gains or losses on interest rate cash flow hedges as of the balance sheet date expected to be reclassified to earnings within the next twelve months.
        label: Interest Rate Cash Flow Hedge Gain (Loss) to be Reclassified During Next 12 Months, Net
        terseLabel: Unrealized losses expected to be reclassified
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestRateCashFlowHedgeGainLossToBeReclassifiedDuringNext12MonthsNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DerivativeContractsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestRateSwapMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r361
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Forward based contracts in which two parties agree to swap periodic payments that are fixed at the outset of the swap contract with variable payments based on a market interest rate (index rate) over a specified period.
        label: Interest Rate Swap [Member]
        terseLabel: Interest Rate Swap
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestRateSwapMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DerivativeContractsDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InternalUseSoftwarePolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r120
      r212
      r213
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for costs incurred when both (1) the software is acquired, internally developed, or modified solely to meet the entity's internal needs, and (2) during the software's development or modification, no substantive plan exists or is being developed to market the software externally.
        label: Internal Use Software, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Software Costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InternalUseSoftwarePolicy
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoodsNetOfReserves: {
     auth_ref: [
      r40
      r186
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesInventoriesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_InventoryNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount, net of valuation reserves and adjustments, as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods held by the company that are readily available for sale.
        label: Inventory, Finished Goods, Net of Reserves
        terseLabel: Finished goods
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryFinishedGoodsNetOfReserves
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesInventoriesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r14
      r67
      r183
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesInventoriesDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold, or consumed within one year or operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Inventory, Net
        terseLabel: Inventories
        totalLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesInventoriesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r21
      r68
      r120
      r147
      r184
      r185
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes, including, but not limited to, basis for determining inventory amounts, methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes, loss recognition on impairment of inventories, and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.
        label: Inventory, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsAndSuppliesNetOfReserves: {
     auth_ref: [
      r41
      r42
      r186
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesInventoriesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_InventoryNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregated amount of unprocessed materials to be used in manufacturing or production process and supplies that will be consumed. This amount is net of valuation reserves and adjustments.
        label: Inventory, Raw Materials and Supplies, Net of Reserves
        terseLabel: Ingredients and packaging
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryRawMaterialsAndSuppliesNetOfReserves
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesInventoriesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LandAndBuildingMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Real estate held for productive use and structures used in the conduct of business, including but not limited to, office, production, storage and distribution facilities.
        label: Land and Building [Member]
        verboseLabel: Land and buildings
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LandAndBuildingMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPropertyandEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets, including but not limited to, furniture and equipment, that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture, sale or creation of a product or product line.
        label: Operating Leases, Rent Expense
        terseLabel: Operating lease, rent expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LeaseAndRentalExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesFinancingLeasesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LeaseCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r396
      r398
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentandContingenciesCompositionofLeaseExpensesDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lease cost recognized by lessee for lease contract.
        label: Lease, Cost
        totalLabel: Total lease expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LeaseCost
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentandContingenciesCompositionofLeaseExpensesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LeaseCostTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r396
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of lessee's lease cost. Includes, but is not limited to, interest expense for finance lease, amortization of right-of-use asset for finance lease, operating lease cost, short-term lease cost, variable lease cost and sublease income.
        label: Lease, Cost [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Components of Lease Expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LeaseCostTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeFinanceLeaseRenewalTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r389
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Term of lessee's finance lease renewal, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Lessee, Finance Lease, Renewal Term
        terseLabel: Finance lease, extension period (in years)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeFinanceLeaseRenewalTerm1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesFinancingLeasesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeFinanceLeaseTermOfContract1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r389
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Term of lessee's finance lease, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Lessee, Finance Lease, Term of Contract
        terseLabel: Finance lease, base term (in years)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeFinanceLeaseTermOfContract1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesFinancingLeasesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeLeasesPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r388
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for leasing arrangement entered into by lessee.
        label: Lessee, Leases [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Leases
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeLeasesPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r397
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of undiscounted cash flows of lessee's operating lease liability. Includes, but is not limited to, reconciliation of undiscounted cash flows to operating lease liability recognized in statement of financial position.
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, Maturity [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Future Minimum Operating Lease Payments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r397
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease, due after fifth fiscal year following latest fiscal year.
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, Payments, Due after Year Five
        terseLabel: Thereafter
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterYearFive
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentandContingenciesOperatingLeasesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: [
      r397
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease, due in next fiscal year following latest fiscal year.
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, Payments, Due Next Twelve Months
        terseLabel: 2020
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentandContingenciesOperatingLeasesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r397
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease, due in fifth fiscal year following latest fiscal year.
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, Payments, Due Year Five
        terseLabel: 2024
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFive
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentandContingenciesOperatingLeasesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour: {
     auth_ref: [
      r397
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease, due in fourth fiscal year following latest fiscal year.
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, Payments, Due Year Four
        terseLabel: 2023
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentandContingenciesOperatingLeasesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree: {
     auth_ref: [
      r397
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease, due in third fiscal year following latest fiscal year.
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, Payments, Due Year Three
        terseLabel: 2022
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentandContingenciesOperatingLeasesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo: {
     auth_ref: [
      r397
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease, due in second fiscal year following latest fiscal year.
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, Payments, Due Year Two
        terseLabel: 2021
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentandContingenciesOperatingLeasesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_Liabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r55
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all liabilities that are recognized. Liabilities are probable future sacrifices of economic benefits arising from present obligations of an entity to transfer assets or provide services to other entities in the future.
        label: Liabilities
        totalLabel: Total liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Liabilities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r38
      r412
      r428
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liabilities and equity items, including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests, if any.
        label: Liabilities and Equity
        totalLabel: Total liabilities, stockholders\u2019 equity and non-controlling interest
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Liabilities and Equity [Abstract]
        terseLabel: LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS\u2019 EQUITY
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r57
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Liabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle, if longer.
        label: Liabilities, Current
        totalLabel: Total current liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Liabilities, Current [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Current liabilities:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCredit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r27
      r410
      r422
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit, which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit, standby letters of credit, and revolving credit arrangements, under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before, as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis, or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision, (2) no violation exists at the BS date, and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
        label: Long-term Line of Credit
        terseLabel: Long-term line of credit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCredit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtRevolvingCreditFacilityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Line of Credit Facility [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Line of Credit Facility [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesLettersofCreditDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtRevolvingCreditFacilityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r54
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Maximum borrowing capacity under the credit facility without consideration of any current restrictions on the amount that could be borrowed or the amounts currently outstanding under the facility.
        label: Line of Credit Facility, Maximum Borrowing Capacity
        terseLabel: Line of credit, amount to be issued
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesLettersofCreditDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtRevolvingCreditFacilityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r54
      r125
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A table or schedule providing information pertaining to short-term or long-term contractual arrangements with lenders, including letters of credit, standby letters of credit, and revolving credit arrangements, under which borrowings can be made up to maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before, as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line.
        label: Line of Credit Facility [Table]
        terseLabel: Line of Credit Facility [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesLettersofCreditDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtRevolvingCreditFacilityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityUnusedCapacityCommitmentFeePercentage: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The fee, expressed as a percentage of the line of credit facility, for available but unused credit capacity under the credit facility.
        label: Line of Credit Facility, Unused Capacity, Commitment Fee Percentage
        terseLabel: Unused capacity, commitment fee percentage
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityUnusedCapacityCommitmentFeePercentage
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtRevolvingCreditFacilityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LondonInterbankOfferedRateLIBORMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Interest rate at which a bank borrows funds from other banks in the London interbank market.
        label: London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) [Member]
        terseLabel: LIBOR
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LondonInterbankOfferedRateLIBORMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtRevolvingCreditFacilityDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DerivativeContractsDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r27
      r237
      r410
      r425
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofLongTermDebtDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsIncludingCurrentMaturities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs, of long-term debt. Includes, but not limited to, notes payable, bonds payable, debentures, mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
        label: Long-term Debt
        terseLabel: Long-term debt, principal balance
        totalLabel: Long-term debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebt
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofLongTermDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r27
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Liabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofLongTermDebtDetails_1: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsIncludingCurrentMaturities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt and lease obligation, classified as noncurrent.
        label: Long-term Debt and Lease Obligation
        terseLabel: Long-term debt and lease obligations
        verboseLabel: Long-term portion
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofLongTermDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r56
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofLongTermDebtDetails_1: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsIncludingCurrentMaturities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt and lease obligation, classified as current.
        label: Long-term Debt and Lease Obligation, Current
        negatedTerseLabel: Less: Amounts due within one year
        terseLabel: Long-term debt and lease obligations payable within one year
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofLongTermDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsIncludingCurrentMaturities: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofLongTermDebtDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofLongTermDebtDetails_1: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt and lease obligation, including portion classified as current.
        label: Long-term Debt and Lease Obligation, Including Current Maturities
        totalLabel: Total debt and lease obligations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsIncludingCurrentMaturities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofLongTermDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtFairValue: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The fair value amount of long-term debt whether such amount is presented as a separate caption or as a parenthetical disclosure. Additionally, this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission.
        label: Long-term Debt, Fair Value
        terseLabel: Fair value of long term debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r131
      r232
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirements, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Long-term Debt, Maturities, Repayments of Principal after Year Five
        terseLabel: 2025 and thereafter
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofMaturitiesofLongtermDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: [
      r131
      r232
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirements, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Long-term Debt, Maturities, Repayments of Principal in Next Twelve Months
        terseLabel: 2020
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofMaturitiesofLongtermDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r131
      r232
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirements, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Long-term Debt, Maturities, Repayments of Principal in Year Five
        terseLabel: 2024
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofMaturitiesofLongtermDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour: {
     auth_ref: [
      r131
      r232
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirements, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Long-term Debt, Maturities, Repayments of Principal in Year Four
        terseLabel: 2023
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofMaturitiesofLongtermDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree: {
     auth_ref: [
      r131
      r232
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirements, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Long-term Debt, Maturities, Repayments of Principal in Year Three
        terseLabel: 2022
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofMaturitiesofLongtermDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo: {
     auth_ref: [
      r131
      r232
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirements, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Long-term Debt, Maturities, Repayments of Principal in Year Two
        terseLabel: 2021
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofMaturitiesofLongtermDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentByCategoryOfItemPurchasedAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by category of items purchased under a long-term purchase commitment.
        label: Category of Item Purchased [Axis]
        terseLabel: Category of Item Purchased [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermPurchaseCommitmentByCategoryOfItemPurchasedAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesContractualCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentCategoryOfItemPurchasedDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: General description of the goods or services to be purchased from the counterparty to the long-term purchase commitment.
        label: Long-term Purchase Commitment, Category of Item Purchased [Domain]
        terseLabel: Long-term Purchase Commitment, Category of Item Purchased [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermPurchaseCommitmentCategoryOfItemPurchasedDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesContractualCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Long-term Purchase Commitment [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Long-term Purchase Commitment [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermPurchaseCommitmentLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesContractualCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentTable: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule setting forth key provisions of an arrangement under which the entity has agreed to purchase goods or services over a period of time greater than one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer, including the item for which expenditures will be made, minimum quantities, milestones, time period and committed amount.
        label: Long-term Purchase Commitment [Table]
        terseLabel: Long-term Purchase Commitment [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermPurchaseCommitmentTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesContractualCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of key provisions of an arrangement under which the entity has agreed to purchase goods or services over a period of time greater than one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer, including the item for which expenditures will be made, minimum quantities, milestones, time period and committed amount.
        label: Long-term Purchase Commitment [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Contractual Commitments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermPurchaseCommitmentTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r59
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of long-term debt.
        label: Long-term Debt, Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Long-term Debt, Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongtermDebtTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesSharePurchaseAgreementDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofLongTermDebtDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofMaturitiesofLongtermDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r59
      r233
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Type of long-term debt arrangement, such as notes, line of credit, commercial paper, asset-based financing, project financing, letter of credit financing. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company, if longer.
        label: Long-term Debt, Type [Domain]
        terseLabel: Long-term Debt, Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongtermDebtTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesSharePurchaseAgreementDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofLongTermDebtDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofMaturitiesofLongtermDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tangible personal property used to produce goods and services, including, but is not limited to, tools, dies and molds, computer and office equipment.
        label: Machinery and Equipment [Member]
        terseLabel: Machinery and equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MachineryAndEquipmentMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPropertyandEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MarketingAndAdvertisingExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r94
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingExpenses
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The total expense recognized in the period for promotion, public relations, and brand or product advertising.
        label: Marketing and Advertising Expense
        terseLabel: Advertising and marketing
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MarketingAndAdvertisingExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MinorityInterest: {
     auth_ref: [
      r66
      r411
      r427
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items, net of receivables from officers, directors, owners, and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is, noncontrolling interest, previously referred to as minority interest).
        label: Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest
        terseLabel: Non-controlling interest
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MinorityInterest
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MinorityInterestDecreaseFromDistributionsToNoncontrollingInterestHolders: {
     auth_ref: [
      r250
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Decrease in noncontrolling interest balance from payment of dividends or other distributions by the non-wholly owned subsidiary or partially owned entity, included in the consolidation of the parent entity, to the noncontrolling interest holders.
        label: Noncontrolling Interest, Decrease from Distributions to Noncontrolling Interest Holders
        negatedTerseLabel: Distributions
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MinorityInterestDecreaseFromDistributionsToNoncontrollingInterestHolders
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementPercentageOfEmployersParticipants: {
     auth_ref: [
      r260
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of employee participants subject to a collective bargaining arrangement to all of the employer's participants in a pension or postretirement benefit plan to which two or more unrelated employers contribute where assets contributed by one participating employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers.
        label: Multiemployer Plans, Collective-Bargaining Arrangement, Percentage of Employer's Participants
        terseLabel: Percentage of employees covered by collective bargaining agreements
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementPercentageOfEmployersParticipants
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesCollectiveBargainingAgreementsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r108
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities, including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on, and a return of, their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed, or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities
        totalLabel: Net cash used in financing activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Financing activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r108
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities, including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property, plant, and equipment and other productive assets.
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities
        totalLabel: Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Investing activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r108
      r111
      r114
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities, including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions, adjustments, and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities
        totalLabel: Net cash provided by operating activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Operating activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r78
      r81
      r87
      r114
      r144
      r417
      r432
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent.
        label: Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Parent
        terseLabel: Net income attributable to Class A stockholders (in thousands)
        totalLabel: Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Parent, Total
        verboseLabel: Net income attributable to Class A stockholders
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetIncomeLoss
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EarningsperShareDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/UnauditedQuarterlyFinancialDataDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest: {
     auth_ref: [
      r78
      r81
      r338
      r343
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of Net Income (Loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.
        label: Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest
        terseLabel: Less: Net income attributable to the non-controlling interest
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasicAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Net Income (Loss) Available to Common Stockholders, Basic [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Numerator:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasicAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EarningsperShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: New Accounting Pronouncements or Change in Accounting Principle [Line Items]
        terseLabel: New Accounting Pronouncements or Change in Accounting Principle [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdoptionofNewAccountingStandardsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r133
      r135
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Summarization of the changes in an accounting principle or a new accounting pronouncement, including the line items affected by the change and the financial effects of the change on those particular line items.
        label: New Accounting Pronouncements or Change in Accounting Principle [Table]
        terseLabel: New Accounting Pronouncements or Change in Accounting Principle [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdoptionofNewAccountingStandardsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes, but is not limited to, quantification of the expected or actual impact.
        label: New Accounting Pronouncements, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Adoption of New Accounting Standards
        verboseLabel: New Accounting Pronouncements
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NoncontrollingInterestMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r332
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents that portion of equity (net assets) in a subsidiary not attributable, directly or indirectly, to the parent. A noncontrolling interest is sometimes called a minority interest.
        label: Noncontrolling Interest [Member]
        terseLabel: Non-controlling Interest
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NoncontrollingInterestMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r95
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say, excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
        label: Nonoperating Income (Expense)
        negatedTotalLabel: Total other expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NonoperatingIncomeExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Nonoperating Income (Expense) [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Other (income) expense:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NumberOfReportableSegments: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of segments reported by the entity. A reportable segment is a component of an entity for which there is an accounting requirement to report separate financial information on that component in the entity's financial statements.
        label: Number of Reportable Segments
        terseLabel: Number of reportable segments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NumberOfReportableSegments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SegmentReportingDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesDescriptionofBusinessDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingCostsAndExpensesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Operating Costs and Expenses [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Operating costs and expenses:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingCostsAndExpensesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingExpenses: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling, general and administrative expense.
        label: Operating Expenses
        totalLabel: Total operating costs and expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingExpenses
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The net result for the period of deducting operating expenses from operating revenues.
        label: Operating Income (Loss)
        terseLabel: Operating income
        totalLabel: Operating Income (Loss), Total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingIncomeLoss
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/UnauditedQuarterlyFinancialDataDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r391
      r398
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentandContingenciesCompositionofLeaseExpensesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LeaseCost
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of single lease cost, calculated by allocation of remaining cost of lease over remaining lease term. Includes, but is not limited to, single lease cost, after impairment of right-of-use asset, calculated by amortization of remaining right-of-use asset and accretion of lease liability.
        label: Operating Lease, Cost
        terseLabel: Operating lease expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseCost
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentandContingenciesCompositionofLeaseExpensesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r386
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease.
        label: Operating Lease, Liability
        terseLabel: Lease liability
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiability
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdoptionofNewAccountingStandardsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset: {
     auth_ref: [
      r385
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's right to use underlying asset under operating lease.
        label: Operating Lease, Right-of-Use Asset
        terseLabel: Right of use asset
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdoptionofNewAccountingStandardsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r395
      r398
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average discount rate for operating lease calculated at point in time.
        label: Operating Lease, Weighted Average Discount Rate, Percent
        terseLabel: Weighted average effective borrowing rate, operating leases
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesLeasesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r394
      r398
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining lease term for operating lease, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Operating Lease, Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term
        terseLabel: Average remaining terms, operating leases
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesLeasesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards: {
     auth_ref: [
      r309
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of operating loss carryforward, before tax effects, available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
        label: Operating Loss Carryforwards
        terseLabel: Operating loss carryforwards
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLossCarryforwards
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Operating Loss Carryforwards [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Operating Loss Carryforwards [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r310
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule reflecting pertinent information, such as tax authority, amounts, and expiration dates, of net operating loss carryforwards, including an assessment of the likelihood of utilization.
        label: Operating Loss Carryforwards [Table]
        terseLabel: Operating Loss Carryforwards [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLossCarryforwardsTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherAssetsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r354
      r368
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing other assets.
        label: Other Assets [Member]
        terseLabel: Other Assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherAssetsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DerivativeContractsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r52
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of noncurrent assets classified as other.
        label: Other Assets, Noncurrent
        terseLabel: Other assets, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherAssetsNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTaxPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), before Tax, Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Other comprehensive income:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTaxPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCashFlowHedgeGainLossAfterReclassificationBeforeTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r71
      r73
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before tax and after reclassification, of gain (loss) from derivative instrument designated and qualifying cash flow hedge included in assessment of hedge effectiveness.
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Cash Flow Hedge, Gain (Loss), after Reclassification, before Tax
        terseLabel: Unrealized gain (loss) on interest rate swap designated as a cash flow hedge
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCashFlowHedgeGainLossAfterReclassificationBeforeTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCashFlowHedgeGainLossAfterReclassificationTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r74
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after reclassification, of tax expense (benefit) for gain (loss) from derivative instrument designated and qualifying as cash flow hedge included in assessment of hedge effectiveness.
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Cash Flow Hedge, Gain (Loss), after Reclassification, Tax
        negatedLabel: Income tax benefit (expense)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCashFlowHedgeGainLossAfterReclassificationTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest: {
     auth_ref: [
      r79
      r82
      r334
      r335
      r340
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests.
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax, Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest
        terseLabel: Less: Comprehensive income attributed to non-controlling interest
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherCostAndExpenseOperating: {
     auth_ref: [
      r93
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 8.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingExpenses
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The total amount of other operating cost and expense items that are associated with the entity's normal revenue producing operation.
        label: Other Cost and Expense, Operating
        terseLabel: Other operating expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherCostAndExpenseOperating
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherCurrentAssetsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r354
      r368
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing other current assets.
        label: Other Current Assets [Member]
        terseLabel: Other Current Assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherCurrentAssetsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DerivativeContractsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r97
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities, classified as other.
        label: Other Nonoperating Income (Expense)
        negatedTerseLabel: Other expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherOperatingIncomeExpenseMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing other operating income (expense).
        label: Other Operating Income (Expense) [Member]
        terseLabel: Other operating expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherOperatingIncomeExpenseMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DivestitureofInStoreBakeryOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ParentMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Portion of equity, or net assets, in the consolidated entity attributable, directly or indirectly, to the parent. Excludes noncontrolling interests.
        label: Parent [Member]
        terseLabel: Total Stockholders\u2019 Equity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ParentMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Payables and Accruals [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Payables and Accruals [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsForSoftware: {
     auth_ref: [
      r101
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow associated with the development, modification or acquisition of software programs or applications for internal use (that is, not to be sold, leased or otherwise marketed to others) that qualify for capitalization.
        label: Payments for Software
        negatedLabel: Acquisition and development of software assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsForSoftware
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsOfFinancingCosts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r105
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow for loan and debt issuance costs.
        label: Payments of Financing Costs
        negatedLabel: Debt refinancing costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsOfFinancingCosts
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r103
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow to satisfy grantee's tax withholding obligation for award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Payment, Tax Withholding, Share-based Payment Arrangement
        negatedLabel: Payment of taxes related to the net issuance of employee stock awards
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired: {
     auth_ref: [
      r100
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of a business, net of the cash acquired from the purchase.
        label: Payments to Acquire Businesses, Net of Cash Acquired
        negatedLabel: Acquisition of business, net of cash
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r101
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow for purchases of and capital improvements on property, plant and equipment (capital expenditures), software, and other intangible assets.
        label: Payments to Acquire Productive Assets
        terseLabel: Capital expenditures
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SegmentReportingDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r101
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived, physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
        label: Payments to Acquire Property, Plant, and Equipment
        negatedLabel: Purchases of property and equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsToMinorityShareholders: {
     auth_ref: [
      r105
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow to a noncontrolling interest. Includes, but not limited to, reduction of noncontrolling interest ownership. Excludes dividends paid to the noncontrolling interest.
        label: Payments to Noncontrolling Interests
        negatedLabel: Distributions to non-controlling interest
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsToMinorityShareholders
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r16
      r46
      r47
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods, and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Prepaid Expense and Other Assets, Current
        terseLabel: Prepaids and other current assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfBusinesses: {
     auth_ref: [
      r98
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow associated with the amount received from the sale of a portion of the company's business, for example a segment, division, branch or other business, during the period.
        label: Proceeds from Divestiture of Businesses
        terseLabel: Proceeds from divestiture
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromDivestitureOfBusinesses
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DivestitureofInStoreBakeryOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfBusinessesNetOfCashDivested: {
     auth_ref: [
      r98
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents the cash inflow during the period from the sale of a component of the entity.
        label: Proceeds from Divestiture of Businesses, Net of Cash Divested
        terseLabel: Proceeds from sale of business, net of cash
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromDivestitureOfBusinessesNetOfCashDivested
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfProductiveAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r99
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow from the sale of property, plant and equipment (capital expenditures), software, and other intangible assets.
        label: Proceeds from Sale of Productive Assets
        terseLabel: Proceeds from sale of assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromSaleOfProductiveAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromWarrantExercises: {
     auth_ref: [
      r102
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow associated with the amount received from holders exercising their stock warrants.
        label: Proceeds from Warrant Exercises
        terseLabel: Proceeds from the exercise of warrants
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromWarrantExercises
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProductionRelatedImpairmentsOrCharges: {
     auth_ref: [
      r91
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Nonrecurring impairment charges related to the write-off of production-related equipment and inventory. This tag is used when an Entity charges this cost to cost of goods sold.
        label: Production Related Impairments or Charges
        terseLabel: Impairment loss of production line
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProductionRelatedImpairmentsOrCharges
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPropertyandEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProfitLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r78
      r81
      r107
      r166
      r169
      r334
      r337
      r339
      r343
      r344
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The consolidated profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
        label: Net Income (Loss), Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest
        terseLabel: Net income
        totalLabel: Net income
        verboseLabel: Net income
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProfitLoss
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofComprehensiveIncome
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/UnauditedQuarterlyFinancialDataDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Property, Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r51
      r220
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of long-lived, physical assets used to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Property, Plant and Equipment, Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPropertyandEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r226
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for long-lived, physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes, but is not limited to, accounting policies and methodology, roll forwards, depreciation, depletion and amortization expense, including composite depreciation, accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization expense, useful lives and method used, income statement disclosures, assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Property and Equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/PropertyandEquipment
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r50
      r218
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include, but are not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, and furniture and fixtures.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Gross
        terseLabel: Property and equipment, gross
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPropertyandEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r23
      r24
      r220
      r429
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include, but are not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, and furniture and fixtures.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Net
        terseLabel: Property and equipment, net
        totalLabel: Property and equipment, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r49
      r120
      r220
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived, physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes, but is not limited to, basis of assets, depreciation and depletion methods used, including composite deprecation, estimated useful lives, capitalization policy, accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance, capitalized interest and the method it is calculated, disposals and impairments.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Property and Equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r23
      r220
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes, but is not limited to, balances by class of assets, depreciation and depletion expense and method used, including composite depreciation, and accumulated deprecation.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Property and Equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r23
      r218
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Listing of long-lived, physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land, buildings, machinery and equipment, and other types of furniture and equipment including, but not limited to, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment and software.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Type [Domain]
        terseLabel: Property, Plant and Equipment, Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPropertyandEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Useful life of long lived, physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days. Examples include, but not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Useful Life
        terseLabel: Property, and equipment, useful life (years)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPropertyandEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PurchaseObligation: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesContractualCommitmentsDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Minimum amount of purchase arrangement in which the entity has agreed to expend funds to procure goods or services from a supplier.
        label: Purchase Obligation
        totalLabel: Total Committed
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PurchaseObligation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesContractualCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PurchaseObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesContractualCommitmentsDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PurchaseObligation
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Minimum amount of purchase arrangement maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Includes, but not limited to, recorded and unrecorded purchase obligations, long-term purchase commitments, and short-term purchase commitments.
        label: Purchase Obligation, Due in Next Twelve Months
        terseLabel: Commitments within 1 year
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PurchaseObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesContractualCommitmentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Quarterly Financial Information Disclosure [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Quarterly Financial Information Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r149
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for quarterly financial data. Includes, but is not limited to, tabular presentation of financial information for fiscal quarters, effect of year-end adjustments, and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability of the information.
        label: Quarterly Financial Information [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Unaudited Quarterly Financial Data
       }
      }
     }
     localname: QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/UnauditedQuarterlyFinancialData
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebtAndCapitalSecurities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r104
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow for debt, mandatory redeemable security, and principal payment for finance lease obligation.
        label: Repayment of Long-term Debt, Long-term Lease Obligation, and Capital Security
        negatedLabel: Repayments of long-term debt and capital lease obligations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RepaymentsOfLongTermDebtAndCapitalSecurities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r143
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock including a provision that prohibits sale or substantive sale of an equity instrument for a specified period of time or until specified performance conditions are met.
        label: Restricted Stock [Member]
        terseLabel: Restricted Stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestrictedStockMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockAwardsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share instrument which is convertible to stock or an equivalent amount of cash, after a specified period of time or when specified performance conditions are met.
        label: Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) [Member]
        terseLabel: RSUs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedRSUsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringCosts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 15.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after cash payment, of expenses associated with exit or disposal activities pursuant to an authorized plan. Excludes expenses related to a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.
        label: Restructuring Costs
        terseLabel: Non-cash fees on sale of business
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringCosts
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DivestitureofInStoreBakeryOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r35
      r250
      r426
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit.
        label: Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit)
        terseLabel: Retained earnings
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit.
        label: Retained Earnings [Member]
        terseLabel: Accumulated Losses / Retained Earnings
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RetainedEarningsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r253
      r254
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_GrossProfit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, excluding tax collected from customer, of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction, including, but not limited to, sales, use, value added and excise.
        label: Revenue from Contract with Customer, Excluding Assessed Tax
        terseLabel: Net revenue
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SegmentReportingDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/UnauditedQuarterlyFinancialDataDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r121
      r256
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue from contract with customer.
        label: Revenue from Contract with Customer [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Revenue Recognition
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevenueFromContractWithCustomerPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Arrangement in which loan proceeds can continuously be obtained following repayments, but the total amount borrowed cannot exceed a specified maximum amount.
        label: Revolving Credit Facility [Member]
        terseLabel: Revolving Credit Facility
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevolvingCreditFacilityMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtRevolvingCreditFacilityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r156
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Revenue from sale of product and rendering of service and other sources of income, when it serves as benchmark in concentration of risk calculation.
        label: Revenue Benchmark [Member]
        terseLabel: Consolidated net revenues
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SalesRevenueNetMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesConcentrationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of accrued liabilities.
        label: Schedule of Accrued Liabilities [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Accrued Expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/AccruedExpensesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfBusinessAcquisitionsByAcquisitionTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r322
      r323
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule reflecting each material business combination (or series of individually immaterial business combinations) completed during the period, including background, timing, and recognized assets and liabilities.
        label: Schedule of Business Acquisitions, by Acquisition [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Business Acquisitions, by Acquisition [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfBusinessAcquisitionsByAcquisitionTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/BusinessCombinationsAdditionalInformationDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/BusinessCombinationsPurchasePriceAllocationDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesSharePurchaseAgreementDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/TaxReceivableAgreementNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfBusinessAcquisitionsByAcquisitionTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r322
      r323
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of a material business combination completed during the period, including background, timing, and recognized assets and liabilities. This table  does not include leveraged buyouts.
        label: Schedule of Business Acquisitions, by Acquisition [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Consideration Paid
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfBusinessAcquisitionsByAcquisitionTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/BusinessCombinationsTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfCapitalLeasedAsssetsTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r382
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of long-lived, depreciable assets that are subject to a lease meeting the criteria for capitalization and are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services. Examples may include land, buildings, machinery and equipment, and other types of furniture and equipment including, but not limited to, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment and software.
        label: Schedule of Capital Leased Assets [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Capital Leased Assets [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfCapitalLeasedAsssetsTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesFinancingLeasesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r315
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including, but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit), deferred tax expense (benefit), investment tax credits, government grants, the benefits of operating loss carryforwards, tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity, adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity, and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
        label: Schedule of Components of Income Tax Expense (Benefit) [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Components of Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r59
      r125
      r244
      r247
      r248
      r249
      r378
      r379
      r381
      r420
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of long-debt instruments or arrangements, including identification, terms, features, collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the entity, if longer.
        label: Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Summary of Debt and Capital Lease Obligation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r307
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position, including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities, the total of all deferred tax assets, the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
        label: Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r144
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations, including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.
        label: Schedule of Earnings Per Share, Basic and Diluted [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Basic and Diluted Net Income Per Share
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EarningsperShareTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r299
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the reconciliation using percentage or dollar amounts of the reported amount of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for the year to the amount of income tax expense that would result from applying domestic federal statutory tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations.
        label: Schedule of Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r198
      r204
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life.
        label: Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssetsDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r198
      r204
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life, by either major class or business segment.
        label: Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfGoodwillTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r193
      r195
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of goodwill and the changes during the year due to acquisition, sale, impairment or for other reasons.
        label: Schedule of Goodwill [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Goodwill [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfGoodwillTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsGoodwillActivityDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesGoodwillandIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r193
      r195
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of goodwill by reportable segment and in total which includes a rollforward schedule.
        label: Schedule of Goodwill [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Activity of Goodwill
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r208
      r211
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance and exist in perpetuity.
        label: Schedule of Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r208
      r211
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance and exist in perpetuity, by either major class or business segment.
        label: Schedule of Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r21
      r43
      r44
      r45
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise, goods, commodities, or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing, servicing or production process.
        label: Schedule of Inventory, Current [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Components of Inventories
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r232
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the combined aggregate amount of maturities and sinking fund requirements for all long-term borrowings for each of the five years following the date of the latest balance sheet date presented.
        label: Schedule of Maturities of Long-term Debt [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Maturities of Long-term Debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r51
      r220
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes, but is not limited to, balances by class of assets, depreciation and depletion expense and method used, including composite depreciation, and accumulated deprecation.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment [Table]
        terseLabel: Property, Plant and Equipment [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/PropertyandEquipmentDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPropertyandEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r148
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of quarterly financial data. Includes, but is not limited to, financial information for fiscal quarters, cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.
        label: Quarterly Financial Information [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Summary of Quarterly Financial Data
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/UnauditedQuarterlyFinancialDataTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r162
      r166
      r167
      r168
      r193
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A table disclosing the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment of the entity. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker, even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.
        label: Schedule of Segment Reporting Information, by Segment [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Segment Reporting Information, by Segment [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SegmentReportingDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r162
      r166
      r167
      r168
      r193
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker, even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.
        label: Schedule of Segment Reporting Information, by Segment [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Segment Operations and Total Assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SegmentReportingTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r263
      r290
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Schedule of Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockAwardsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationScheduleofAssumptionsDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationStockOptionsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedRSUsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r268
      r278
      r280
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure for stock option plans. Includes, but is not limited to, outstanding awards at beginning and end of year, grants, exercises, forfeitures, and weighted-average grant date fair value.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Option, Activity [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Summary of the Activity of Unvested Stock Options
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r282
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options, including, but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments, (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares, (c) expected dividends, (d) risk-free rate(s), and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.
        label: Schedule of Share-based Payment Award, Stock Options, Valuation Assumptions [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Assumptions
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfStockByClassTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r62
      r124
      r240
      r241
      r242
      r244
      r245
      r246
      r247
      r248
      r249
      r250
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule detailing information related to equity by class of stock. Class of stock includes common, convertible, and preferred stocks which are not redeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. It also includes preferred stock with redemption features that are solely within the control of the issuer and mandatorily redeemable stock if redemption is required to occur only upon liquidation or termination of the reporting entity.
        label: Schedule of Stock by Class [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Stock by Class [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfStockByClassTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EquityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfUnvestedRestrictedStockUnitsRollForwardTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the change in restricted stock units (RSUs).
        label: Schedule of Unvested Restricted Stock Units Roll Forward [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Summary of the Activity of Unvested RSUs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfUnvestedRestrictedStockUnitsRollForwardTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r204
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the amount of amortization expense expected to be recorded in succeeding fiscal years for finite-lived intangible assets.
        label: Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Future Amortization Expense [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Future Amortization Expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SchedulesOfConcentrationOfRiskByRiskFactorTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r154
      r156
      r157
      r158
      r373
      r375
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the nature of a concentration, a benchmark to which it is compared, and the percentage that the risk is to the benchmark.
        label: Schedules of Concentration of Risk, by Risk Factor [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Customer Concentration Risk
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SchedulesOfConcentrationOfRiskByRiskFactorTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SecuredDebtMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Collateralized debt obligation backed by, for example, but not limited to, pledge, mortgage or other lien on the entity's assets.
        label: Secured Debt [Member]
        terseLabel: Term Loan
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SecuredDebtMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesSharePurchaseAgreementDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofLongTermDebtDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtScheduleofMaturitiesofLongtermDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SegmentDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Components of an entity that engage in business activities from which they may earn revenue and incur expenses, including transactions with other components of the same entity.
        label: Segments [Domain]
        terseLabel: Segments [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SegmentDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsGoodwillActivityDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SegmentReportingDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesConcentrationsDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesGoodwillandIntangibleAssetsDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPropertyandEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Segment Reporting [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Segment Reporting [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SegmentReportingAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r170
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue, including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue, internal and external, of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater, in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.
        label: Segment Reporting Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Segment Reporting
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SegmentReporting
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Segment Reporting Information [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Segment Reporting Information [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SegmentReportingInformationLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SegmentReportingDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SelfInsuranceReserve: {
     auth_ref: [
      r60
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount (including both current and noncurrent portions) of accrued known and estimated losses incurred as of the balance sheet date for which no insurance coverage exists, and for which a claim has been made or is probable of being asserted, typically arising from workmen's compensation-type of incidents and personal injury to nonemployees from accidents on the entity's property.
        label: Self Insurance Reserve
        verboseLabel: Self-insurance reserves
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SelfInsuranceReserve
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesReservesforSelfInsuranceBenefitsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SelfInsuranceReserveCurrent: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/AccruedExpensesDetails: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: twnk_AccruedLiabilitiesandOtherCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount of accrued known and estimated losses incurred as of the balance sheet date for which no insurance coverage exists, and for which a claim has been made or is probable of being asserted, typically arising from workmen's compensation-type of incidents and personal injury to nonemployees from accidents on the entity's property that are expected to be paid within one year (or the normal operating cycle, if longer).
        label: Self Insurance Reserve, Current
        verboseLabel: Self-insurance reserves
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SelfInsuranceReserveCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/AccruedExpensesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SelfInsuranceReservePolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for self-insurance reserves, including, but not limited to incurred but not reported reserves (IBNR).
        label: Self Insurance Reserve [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Reserves for Self-Insurance Benefits
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SelfInsuranceReservePolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SellingExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r94
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingExpenses
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Expenses recognized in the period that are directly related to the selling and distribution of products or services.
        label: Selling Expense
        terseLabel: Selling expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SellingExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r112
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of noncash expense for share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Noncash Expense
        terseLabel: Share-based compensation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r264
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Period over which grantee's right to exercise award under share-based payment arrangement is no longer contingent on satisfaction of service or performance condition, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days. Includes, but is not limited to, combination of market, performance or service condition.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Award Vesting Period
        terseLabel: Vesting period
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r273
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of equity-based payment instruments, excluding stock (or unit) options, that were forfeited during the reporting period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Forfeited in Period
        negatedTerseLabel: Forfeited (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedRSUsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r277
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average fair value as of the grant date of equity-based award plans other than stock (unit) option plans that were not exercised or put into effect as a result of the occurrence of a terminating event.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Forfeitures, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        terseLabel: Forfeited (usd per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedRSUsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r275
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example, phantom stock or unit plan, stock or unit appreciation rights plan, performance target plan).
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Grants in Period
        netLabel: Total Granted (shares)
        verboseLabel: Number of shares granted
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockAwardsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedRSUsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r275
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example, phantom stock or unit plan, stock or unit appreciation rights plan, performance target plan).
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Grants in Period, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        terseLabel: Total Granted (usd per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedRSUsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r274
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments, excluding stock (or unit) options, that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Nonvested, Number
        periodEndLabel: Unvested at end of period (shares)
        periodStartLabel: Unvested at beginning of period (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedRSUsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Nonvested, Number of Shares [Roll Forward]
        verboseLabel: Restricted Stock Units
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedRSUsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r274
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Per share or unit weighted-average fair value of nonvested award under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes share and unit options.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Nonvested, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        periodEndLabel: Unvested at end of period (usd per share)
        periodStartLabel: Unvested at beginning of period (usd per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedRSUsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Nonvested, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedRSUsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r276
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of equity-based payment instruments, excluding stock (or unit) options, that vested during the reporting period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Vested in Period
        negatedTerseLabel: Vested (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedRSUsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r276
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period, by satisfying service and performance requirements, to receive or retain shares or units, other instruments, or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Vested in Period, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        terseLabel: Vested (usd per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedRSUsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r285
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The estimated dividend rate (a percentage of the share price) to be paid (expected dividends) to holders of the underlying shares over the option's term.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Dividend Rate
        terseLabel: Expected dividend yield (as a percent)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationScheduleofAssumptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r284
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends, if any, over the period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Volatility Rate
        terseLabel: Expected volatility (as a percent)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationScheduleofAssumptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r286
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The risk-free interest rate assumption that is used in valuing an option on its own shares.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Risk Free Interest Rate
        terseLabel: Risk-free rate (as a percent)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationScheduleofAssumptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockAwardsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationScheduleofAssumptionsDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationStockOptionsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedRSUsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r269
      r270
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of equity instruments other than options outstanding, including both vested and non-vested instruments.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Non-Option Equity Instruments, Outstanding, Number
        terseLabel: RSA's outstanding (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingNumber
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockAwardsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant: {
     auth_ref: [
      r290
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments), and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards, net of cancellations and forfeitures, if applicable.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Number of Shares Available for Grant
        terseLabel: Shares available for issuance, 2016 Plan (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r271
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of shares into which fully or partially vested stock options outstanding as of the balance sheet date can be currently converted under the option plan.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercisable, Number
        terseLabel: Number of Options, Exercisable (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedStockOptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: [
      r271
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted-average price as of the balance sheet date at which grantees can acquire the shares reserved for issuance on vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable under the stock option plan.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercisable, Weighted Average Exercise Price
        terseLabel: Weighted average exercise price, exercisable (usd per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedStockOptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r273
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of shares under options that were cancelled during the reporting period as a result of occurrence of a terminating event specified in contractual agreements pertaining to the stock option plan.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Forfeitures in Period
        negatedTerseLabel: Forfeited (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedStockOptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Gross number of share options (or share units) granted during the period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Grants in Period, Gross
        terseLabel: Granted (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedStockOptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r279
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted average grant-date fair value of options granted during the reporting period as calculated by applying the disclosed option pricing methodology.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Grants in Period, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        terseLabel: Granted (usd per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedStockOptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: [
      r269
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average price at which grantees can acquire the shares reserved for issuance under the stock option plan.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Weighted Average Exercise Price
        periodEndLabel: Outstanding at end of period (usd per share)
        periodStartLabel: Outstanding at beginning of period (usd per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedStockOptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceRollforward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Weighted Average Exercise Price [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Weighted Average Exercise Price
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceRollforward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedStockOptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardTypeAndPlanNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r261
      r266
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Award Type [Domain]
        terseLabel: Equity Award [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardTypeAndPlanNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockAwardsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationScheduleofAssumptionsDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationStockOptionsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedRSUsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average price at which option holders acquired shares when converting their stock options into shares.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercises in Period, Weighted Average Exercise Price
        terseLabel: Exercised (usd per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedStockOptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average price at which grantees could have acquired the underlying shares with respect to stock options that were terminated.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Forfeitures in Period, Weighted Average Exercise Price
        terseLabel: Forfeited (usd per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedStockOptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average per share amount at which grantees can acquire shares of common stock by exercise of options.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Grants in Period, Weighted Average Exercise Price
        terseLabel: Granted (usd per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedStockOptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheThreeMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Third portion of award under share-based payment arrangement differentiated by vesting feature, including, but not limited to, performance measure or service period.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Tranche Three [Member]
        terseLabel: Year three
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheThreeMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheTwoMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Second portion of award under share-based payment arrangement differentiated by vesting feature, including, but not limited to, performance measure or service period.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Tranche Two [Member]
        terseLabel: Year two
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheTwoMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r283
      r291
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Expected term of award under share-based payment arrangement, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Term
        terseLabel: Expected option term
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationScheduleofAssumptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r290
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining contractual term for vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable or convertible, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercisable, Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term
        terseLabel: Weighted average remaining contractual life, exercisable (years)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedStockOptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedNumberOfShares: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of non-vested options outstanding.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Nonvested, Number of Shares
        periodEndLabel: Outstanding at end of period (shares)
        periodStartLabel: Outstanding at beginning of period (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedNumberOfShares
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedStockOptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedNumberOfSharesRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Nonvested, Number of Shares [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Number of Options
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedNumberOfSharesRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedStockOptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedOptionsForfeitedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average grant-date fair value of non-vested options forfeited.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Nonvested Options Forfeited, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        terseLabel: Forfeited (usd per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedOptionsForfeitedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedStockOptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average grant-date fair value of non-vested options outstanding.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Option, Nonvested, Weighted Average Exercise Price
        periodEndLabel: Outstanding at end of period (usd per share)
        periodStartLabel: Outstanding at beginning of period (usd per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedStockOptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Nonvested, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedStockOptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2: {
     auth_ref: [
      r281
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term
        terseLabel: Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (years)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedStockOptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharesPaidForTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares used to settle grantee's tax withholding obligation for award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Shares Withheld for Tax Withholding Obligation
        terseLabel: Withheld to satisfy employee tax obligations (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharesPaidForTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedRSUsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShortTermLeaseCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r392
      r398
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentandContingenciesCompositionofLeaseExpensesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LeaseCost
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of short-term lease cost, excluding expense for lease with term of one month or less.
        label: Short-term Lease, Cost
        terseLabel: Short-term lease expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShortTermLeaseCost
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentandContingenciesCompositionofLeaseExpensesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r132
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.
        label: Significant Accounting Policies [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Designated tax department of a state or local government entitled to levy and collect income taxes from the entity.
        label: State and Local Jurisdiction [Member]
        terseLabel: State Tax Authority
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r1
      r166
      r193
      r223
      r227
      r228
      r435
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by business segments.
        label: Segments [Axis]
        terseLabel: Segments [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsGoodwillActivityDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SegmentReportingDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesConcentrationsDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesGoodwillandIntangibleAssetsDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPropertyandEquipmentDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r30
      r31
      r32
      r243
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by the different classes of stock of the entity.
        label: Class of Stock [Axis]
        terseLabel: Class of Stock [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementClassOfStockAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofEquityDeficit
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EquityDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r65
      r243
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by component of equity.
        label: Equity Components [Axis]
        terseLabel: Equity Components [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementEquityComponentsAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofEquityDeficit
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedRSUsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Statement [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Statement [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Cash Flows [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Statement of Cash Flows [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Financial Position [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Statement of Financial Position [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Comprehensive Income [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Statement of Comprehensive Income [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Stockholders' Equity [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Statement of Stockholders' Equity [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementTable: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule reflecting a Statement of Income, Statement of Cash Flows, Statement of Financial Position, Statement of Shareholders' Equity and Other Comprehensive Income, or other statement as needed.
        label: Statement [Table]
        terseLabel: Statement [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r64
      r243
      r244
      r250
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares issued during the period as a result of the conversion of convertible securities.
        label: Stock Issued During Period, Shares, Conversion of Convertible Securities
        terseLabel: Exchanges (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r243
      r250
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total number of shares issued during the period, including shares forfeited, as a result of Restricted Stock Awards.
        label: Stock Issued During Period, Shares, Restricted Stock Award, Gross
        terseLabel: Restricted stock awards, issued (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockAwardsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number, before forfeiture, of shares issued under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).
        label: Shares Issued, Shares, Share-based Payment Arrangement, before Forfeiture
        terseLabel: Share\u2011based compensation (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised: {
     auth_ref: [
      r31
      r32
      r243
      r250
      r272
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of share options (or share units) exercised during the current period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercises in Period
        negatedTerseLabel: Exercised (shares)
        terseLabel: Exercise of employee stock options (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofEquityDeficit
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationSummaryoftheActivityofUnvestedStockOptionsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r65
      r243
      r250
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The gross value of stock issued during the period upon the conversion of convertible securities.
        label: Stock Issued During Period, Value, Conversion of Convertible Securities
        terseLabel: Exchanges
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensationGross: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Value, before forfeiture, of shares issued under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).
        label: Shares Issued, Value, Share-based Payment Arrangement, before Forfeiture
        terseLabel: Share-based compensation, net of income taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensationGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised: {
     auth_ref: [
      r65
      r243
      r250
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Value of stock issued as a result of the exercise of stock options.
        label: Stock Issued During Period, Value, Stock Options Exercised
        terseLabel: Exercise of employee stock options
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r32
      r36
      r37
      r180
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items, net of receivables from officers, directors, owners, and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest, minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
        label: Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent
        totalLabel: Stockholders\u2019 equity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockholdersEquity
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest: {
     auth_ref: [
      r332
      r333
      r342
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit), net of receivables from officers, directors, owners, and affiliates of the entity, attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.
        label: Stockholders' Equity, Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest
        periodEndLabel: Ending balance
        periodStartLabel: Beginning balance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofEquityDeficit
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r252
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest, including other comprehensive income. Includes, but is not limited to, balances of common stock, preferred stock, additional paid-in capital, other capital and retained earnings, accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
        label: Stockholders' Equity Note Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Equity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Equity
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Detail information of subsequent event by type. User is expected to use existing line items from elsewhere in the taxonomy as the primary line items for this disclosure, which is further associated with dimension and member elements pertaining to a subsequent event.
        label: Subsequent Event [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Subsequent Event [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Identifies event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.
        label: Subsequent Event [Member]
        terseLabel: Subsequent Event
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesSharePurchaseAgreementDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r402
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Discloses pertinent information about one or more significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued.
        label: Subsequent Event [Table]
        terseLabel: Subsequent Event [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r402
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.
        label: Subsequent Event Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Subsequent Event Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesSharePurchaseAgreementDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r402
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.
        label: Subsequent Event Type [Domain]
        terseLabel: Subsequent Event Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesSharePurchaseAgreementDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Subsequent Events [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Subsequent Events [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r403
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue, purchase of a business, settlement of litigation, catastrophic loss, significant foreign exchange rate changes, loans to insiders or affiliates, and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
        label: Subsequent Events [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Subsequent Events
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventsTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SubsequentEvents
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Supplemental Cash Flow Information [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r309
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of the tax credit carryforward, before tax effects, available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
        label: Tax Credit Carryforward, Amount
        terseLabel: State income tax credit carryforward
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TaxCreditCarryforwardAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r174
      r175
      r176
      r177
      r179
      r181
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for accounts receivable.
        label: Accounts Receivable [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Accounts Receivable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TrademarksAndTradeNamesMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r326
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Rights acquired through registration of a trademark to gain or protect exclusive use of a business name, symbol or other device or style, or rights either acquired through registration of a business name to gain or protect exclusive use thereof.
        label: Trademarks and Trade Names [Member]
        terseLabel: Trade name and trademarks
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TrademarksAndTradeNamesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/BusinessCombinationsPurchasePriceAllocationDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/GoodwillandIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssetsDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesGoodwillandIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TypeOfAdoptionMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Adoption and early adoption of sources of change to generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) in the United States. The FASB released the FASB Accounting Standards Codification as the authoritative source of literature effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. As part of the Codification process, the FASB issues Accounting Standards Updates to amend the Codification but otherwise the Accounting Standards Updates are not authoritative in their own right. All previous accounting standards (such as FASB Statements of Financial Accounting Standards, FASB Interpretations, FASB Staff Positions, Emerging Issues Task Force Consensuses, other pronouncements of the FASB or other designated bodies, or other forms of GAAP are considered accounting pronouncements) were superseded upon the adoption of the Codification. For an interim period, references to the superseded standards are included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
        label: Type of Adoption [Domain]
        terseLabel: Type of Adoption [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TypeOfAdoptionMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdoptionofNewAccountingStandardsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r302
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate.
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits that Would Impact Effective Tax Rate
        terseLabel: Unrecognized tax benefits that would affect tax rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UseOfEstimates: {
     auth_ref: [
      r150
      r151
      r152
      r153
      r159
      r160
      r161
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for the use of estimates in the preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.
        label: Use of Estimates, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Use of Estimates
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UseOfEstimates
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_VariableLeaseCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r393
      r398
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentandContingenciesCompositionofLeaseExpensesDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LeaseCost
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of variable lease cost, excluded from lease liability, recognized when obligation for payment is incurred for finance and operating leases.
        label: Variable Lease, Cost
        terseLabel: Variable lease expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: VariableLeaseCost
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/CommitmentandContingenciesCompositionofLeaseExpensesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_VariableRateAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of variable rate.
        label: Variable Rate [Axis]
        terseLabel: Variable Rate [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: VariableRateAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtRevolvingCreditFacilityDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DerivativeContractsDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_VariableRateDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Interest rate that fluctuates over time as a result of an underlying benchmark interest rate or index.
        label: Variable Rate [Domain]
        terseLabel: Variable Rate [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: VariableRateDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DebtRevolvingCreditFacilityDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/DerivativeContractsDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_VestingAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r290
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by vesting schedule of award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Vesting [Axis]
        terseLabel: Vesting [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: VestingAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_VestingDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r290
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Vesting schedule of award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Vesting [Domain]
        terseLabel: Vesting [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: VestingDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/StockBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_WarrantMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Security that gives the holder the right to purchase shares of stock in accordance with the terms of the instrument, usually upon payment of a specified amount.
        label: Warrant [Member]
        terseLabel: Warrant
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WarrantMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/Cover
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r137
      r142
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EarningsperShareDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU), determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
        label: Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Diluted
        terseLabel: Diluted (shares)
        totalLabel: Weighted-average shares outstanding - diluted (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EarningsperShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r136
      r142
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EarningsperShareDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of [basic] shares or units, after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding, determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
        label: Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Basic
        terseLabel: Basic (shares)
        verboseLabel: Weighted-average Class A shares outstanding - basic (excluding non-vested restricted stock awards) (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EarningsperShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasicAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Basic [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Denominator:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasicAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/EarningsperShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingDilutedDisclosureItemsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding Reconciliation [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Weighted-average shares outstanding:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingDilutedDisclosureItemsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsofOperations
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_WorkersCompensationLiabilityCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r56
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/AccruedExpensesDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: twnk_AccruedLiabilitiesandOtherCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations and payables pertaining to claims incurred of a workers compensation nature. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: Workers' Compensation Liability, Current
        verboseLabel: Workers compensation reserve
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WorkersCompensationLiabilityCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/AccruedExpensesDetails
      http://www.hostessbrands.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesReservesforSelfInsuranceBenefitsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
   }
   unitCount: 8
  }
 }
 std_ref: {
  r0: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222160&loc=SL51721533-107759
  }
  r1: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=d3e1361-107760
  }
  r10: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5D
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721677-107760
  }
  r100: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3213-108585
  }
  r101: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3213-108585
  }
  r102: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3255-108585
  }
  r103: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3291-108585
  }
  r104: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a),(b)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3291-108585
  }
  r105: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3291-108585
  }
  r106: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3367-108585
  }
  r107: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3000-108585
  }
  r108: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 24
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3521-108585
  }
  r109: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3536-108585
  }
  r11: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721683-107760
  }
  r110: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3536-108585
  }
  r111: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3536-108585
  }
  r112: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3602-108585
  }
  r113: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3602-108585
  }
  r114: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3602-108585
  }
  r115: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3044-108585
  }
  r116: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513485&loc=d3e4273-108586
  }
  r117: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513485&loc=d3e4297-108586
  }
  r118: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513485&loc=SL98516268-108586
  }
  r119: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84158767&loc=d3e18726-107790
  }
  r12: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2122178
  }
  r120: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84158767&loc=d3e18780-107790
  }
  r121: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84158767&loc=d3e18823-107790
  }
  r122: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(h))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r123: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(i))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r124: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(d),(e))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r125: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(e),(f))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r126: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(h)(2))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r127: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(i)(4))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r128: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(i))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r129: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(n)(2))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r13: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r130: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(n))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r131: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-04.(a))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e24072-122690
  }
  r132: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122369
  }
  r133: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22499-107794
  }
  r134: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22694-107794
  }
  r135: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22583-107794
  }
  r136: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1448-109256
  }
  r137: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 16
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1505-109256
  }
  r138: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1252-109256
  }
  r139: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1500-109256
  }
  r14: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r140: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 60B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=SL5780133-109256
  }
  r141: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1337-109256
  }
  r142: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257
  }
  r143: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257
  }
  r144: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257
  }
  r145: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 52
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117327953&loc=d3e4984-109258
  }
  r146: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144383
  }
  r147: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 270
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116846552&loc=d3e543-108305
  }
  r148: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 270
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118952077&loc=d3e1280-108306
  }
  r149: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 270
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2126967
  }
  r15: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r150: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e5967-108592
  }
  r151: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e5967-108592
  }
  r152: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6161-108592
  }
  r153: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6191-108592
  }
  r154: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 16
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6327-108592
  }
  r155: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 18
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6351-108592
  }
  r156: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 18
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6351-108592
  }
  r157: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6404-108592
  }
  r158: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 21
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6442-108592
  }
  r159: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6061-108592
  }
  r16: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r160: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6132-108592
  }
  r161: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6143-108592
  }
  r162: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 21
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8721-108599
  }
  r163: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r164: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r165: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (h)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r166: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r167: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8813-108599
  }
  r168: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 30
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8906-108599
  }
  r169: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 32
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8933-108599
  }
  r17: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6801-107765
  }
  r170: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2134510
  }
  r171: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118952595&loc=d3e4647-111522
  }
  r172: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118952595&loc=d3e4428-111522
  }
  r173: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118952595&loc=d3e4531-111522
  }
  r174: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118936363&loc=d3e4975-111524
  }
  r175: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118936363&loc=SL6953423-111524
  }
  r176: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118936363&loc=d3e5212-111524
  }
  r177: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118936363&loc=d3e5033-111524
  }
  r178: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118936363&loc=d3e5074-111524
  }
  r179: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118936363&loc=d3e5093-111524
  }
  r18: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6911-107765
  }
  r180: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 4.E)
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27010918&loc=d3e74512-122707
  }
  r181: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84159169&loc=d3e10133-111534
  }
  r182: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118955202&loc=SL82895884-210446
  }
  r183: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 35
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116846819&loc=d3e3927-108312
  }
  r184: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116847112&loc=d3e4492-108314
  }
  r185: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116847112&loc=d3e4556-108314
  }
  r186: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.BB)
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27011343&loc=d3e100047-122729
  }
  r187: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99380562&loc=d3e13770-109266
  }
  r188: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99380562&loc=d3e13777-109266
  }
  r189: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77989000&loc=SL49117168-202975
  }
  r19: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6935-107765
  }
  r190: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108376223&loc=d3e13816-109267
  }
  r191: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108376223&loc=d3e13816-109267
  }
  r192: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (g)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108376223&loc=d3e13816-109267
  }
  r193: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108376223&loc=d3e13816-109267
  }
  r194: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108376223&loc=d3e13854-109267
  }
  r195: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108376223&loc=d3e13854-109267
  }
  r196: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6388964&loc=d3e16212-109274
  }
  r197: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6388964&loc=d3e16225-109274
  }
  r198: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16265-109275
  }
  r199: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (a)(3)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16265-109275
  }
  r2: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=d3e1361-107760
  }
  r20: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e7018-107765
  }
  r200: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16265-109275
  }
  r201: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16265-109275
  }
  r202: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16265-109275
  }
  r203: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: ((a)(1),(b))
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  }
  r204: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  }
  r205: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  }
  r206: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (a)(2)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  }
  r207: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (a)(3)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  }
  r208: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  }
  r209: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  }
  r21: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361739&loc=d3e7789-107766
  }
  r210: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16373-109275
  }
  r211: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (b),(d)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16373-109275
  }
  r212: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 30
   SubTopic: 40
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118172244&loc=d3e17916-109280
  }
  r213: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 50
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=16397303&loc=d3e19379-109286
  }
  r214: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144416
  }
  r215: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226348&loc=d3e2611-110228
  }
  r216: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226348&loc=d3e2443-110228
  }
  r217: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  }
  r218: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  }
  r219: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  }
  r22: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(1))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r220: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  }
  r221: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2941-110230
  }
  r222: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2941-110230
  }
  r223: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2941-110230
  }
  r224: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2941-110230
  }
  r225: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=SL51724579-110230
  }
  r226: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2155823
  }
  r227: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394359&loc=d3e17939-110869
  }
  r228: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.P.4(d))
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  }
  r229: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 440
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144648
  }
  r23: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(13))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r230: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118942415&loc=d3e14326-108349
  }
  r231: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2127136
  }
  r232: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6802200&loc=d3e1835-112601
  }
  r233: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6802200&loc=SL6230698-112601
  }
  r234: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109126253&loc=d3e4724-112606
  }
  r235: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)(1)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109500613&loc=SL6031897-161870
  }
  r236: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)(2)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109500613&loc=SL6031897-161870
  }
  r237: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)(3)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109500613&loc=SL6031897-161870
  }
  r238: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109500613&loc=SL6036836-161870
  }
  r239: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2208564
  }
  r24: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(14))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r240: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (CFRR 211.02)
   Topic: 480
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877616&loc=d3e177068-122764
  }
  r241: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65888546&loc=d3e21300-112643
  }
  r242: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21553-112644
  }
  r243: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21463-112644
  }
  r244: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21475-112644
  }
  r245: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21484-112644
  }
  r246: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21488-112644
  }
  r247: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21506-112644
  }
  r248: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21521-112644
  }
  r249: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21538-112644
  }
  r25: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(19))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r250: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.3-04)
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770
  }
  r251: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 50
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6784392&loc=d3e188667-122775
  }
  r252: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2208762
  }
  r253: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118956577&loc=SL49130543-203045
  }
  r254: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118956577&loc=SL49130545-203045
  }
  r255: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118956577&loc=SL49130549-203045
  }
  r256: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=49130388
  }
  r257: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 710
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6409961&loc=d3e20487-108367
  }
  r258: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (d)(ii)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r259: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (n)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r26: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(20))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r260: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 80
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877416&loc=SL14450657-114947
  }
  r261: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5047-113901
  }
  r262: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5047-113901
  }
  r263: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5047-113901
  }
  r264: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r265: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r266: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a),(g)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r267: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b),(f(1))
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r268: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r269: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(i)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r27: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(22))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r270: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(ii)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r271: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iii)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r272: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iv)(2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r273: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iv)(3)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r274: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(i)-(ii)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r275: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(iii)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r276: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(iii)(2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r277: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(iii)(3)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r278: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r279: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r28: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(26)(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r280: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r281: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r282: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r283: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(i)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r284: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(ii)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r285: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(iii)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r286: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(iv)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r287: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (g)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r288: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (h)(1)(i)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r289: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (i)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r29: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(26)(b))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r290: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r291: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 14.D.2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115993241&loc=d3e301413-122809
  }
  r292: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 14.F)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115993241&loc=d3e301413-122809
  }
  r293: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2228938
  }
  r294: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117330534&loc=d3e28680-109314
  }
  r295: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117330534&loc=d3e28680-109314
  }
  r296: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=d3e32247-109318
  }
  r297: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=d3e32280-109318
  }
  r298: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=d3e31931-109318
  }
  r299: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32687-109319
  }
  r3: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=d3e1474-107760
  }
  r30: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(27))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r300: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32698-109319
  }
  r301: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32718-109319
  }
  r302: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=SL6600010-109319
  }
  r303: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32809-109319
  }
  r304: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 19
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32840-109319
  }
  r305: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  }
  r306: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  }
  r307: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  }
  r308: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32847-109319
  }
  r309: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32559-109319
  }
  r31: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(28))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r310: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32559-109319
  }
  r311: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32621-109319
  }
  r312: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32632-109319
  }
  r313: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32639-109319
  }
  r314: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32639-109319
  }
  r315: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32639-109319
  }
  r316: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 6.I)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116825942&loc=d3e330036-122817
  }
  r317: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 6.I.7)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116825942&loc=d3e330036-122817
  }
  r318: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109238882&loc=d3e38679-109324
  }
  r319: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 05
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65884525&loc=d3e40913-109327
  }
  r32: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(29))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r320: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144680
  }
  r321: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 23
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116868678&loc=d3e1043-128460
  }
  r322: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=79982066&loc=d3e1392-128463
  }
  r323: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=79982066&loc=d3e1486-128463
  }
  r324: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 37
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116868840&loc=d3e2207-128464
  }
  r325: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116869197&loc=d3e4845-128472
  }
  r326: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77890550&loc=d3e5263-128473
  }
  r327: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77890550&loc=d3e5333-128473
  }
  r328: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 30
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116859721&loc=d3e6578-128477
  }
  r329: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 30
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116859721&loc=d3e6613-128477
  }
  r33: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(3))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r330: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35744584&loc=d3e6927-128479
  }
  r331: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2303972
  }
  r332: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108774443&loc=SL4568447-111683
  }
  r333: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 16
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108774443&loc=SL4568740-111683
  }
  r334: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 19
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108774443&loc=SL4569616-111683
  }
  r335: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108774443&loc=SL4569643-111683
  }
  r336: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=d3e5614-111684
  }
  r337: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684
  }
  r338: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(2)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684
  }
  r339: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684
  }
  r34: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(1))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r340: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(3)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684
  }
  r341: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c),(3)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684
  }
  r342: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4I
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116874947&loc=SL4590271-111686
  }
  r343: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4J
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116874947&loc=SL4591551-111686
  }
  r344: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4K
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116874947&loc=SL4591552-111686
  }
  r345: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.3A-02)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116822174&loc=d3e355033-122828
  }
  r346: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.3A-03)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116822174&loc=d3e355100-122828
  }
  r347: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5579240-113959
  }
  r348: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5579245-113959
  }
  r349: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5579245-113959
  }
  r35: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(3))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r350: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5580258-113959
  }
  r351: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)(ii)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=d3e41620-113959
  }
  r352: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=d3e41620-113959
  }
  r353: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=d3e41638-113959
  }
  r354: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5618551-113959
  }
  r355: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5618551-113959
  }
  r356: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)(1)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5618551-113959
  }
  r357: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624163-113959
  }
  r358: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624163-113959
  }
  r359: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624163-113959
  }
  r36: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r360: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4C
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624171-113959
  }
  r361: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4D
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624177-113959
  }
  r362: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4D
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(2)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624177-113959
  }
  r363: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4D
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624177-113959
  }
  r364: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4E
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624181-113959
  }
  r365: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=d3e41641-113959
  }
  r366: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=d3e41675-113959
  }
  r367: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=d3e41678-113959
  }
  r368: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 182
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116861445&loc=SL5629052-113961
  }
  r369: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 25
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109977999&loc=d3e76258-113986
  }
  r37: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(31))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r370: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=112277219&loc=d3e80748-113994
  }
  r371: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2229140
  }
  r372: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118260190&loc=d3e13433-108611
  }
  r373: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118260190&loc=d3e13531-108611
  }
  r374: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 21
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118260190&loc=d3e13537-108611
  }
  r375: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 21
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118260190&loc=d3e13537-108611
  }
  r376: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 230
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513438&loc=d3e33268-110906
  }
  r377: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450988&loc=d3e26243-108391
  }
  r378: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114775744&loc=d3e28541-108399
  }
  r379: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114775744&loc=d3e28551-108399
  }
  r38: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(32))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r380: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114775744&loc=d3e28555-108399
  }
  r381: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114775985&loc=d3e28878-108400
  }
  r382: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 840
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84164817&loc=d3e45280-112737
  }
  r383: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 840
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84164817&loc=d3e45280-112737
  }
  r384: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119364159&loc=SL77916155-209984
  }
  r385: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888419&loc=SL77918627-209977
  }
  r386: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888419&loc=SL77918627-209977
  }
  r387: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888419&loc=SL77918638-209977
  }
  r388: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918666-209980
  }
  r389: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)(3)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918673-209980
  }
  r39: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(4)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r390: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  }
  r391: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  }
  r392: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  }
  r393: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  }
  r394: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (g)(3)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  }
  r395: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (g)(4)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  }
  r396: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  }
  r397: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918701-209980
  }
  r398: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 53
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888399&loc=SL77918982-209971
  }
  r399: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 850
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864
  }
  r4: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721659-107760
  }
  r40: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(a)(1))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r400: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 850
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39599-107864
  }
  r401: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 850
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39603-107864
  }
  r402: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 855
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6842918&loc=SL6314017-165662
  }
  r403: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 855
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122774
  }
  r404: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 340
   Topic: 928
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6473545&loc=d3e61844-108004
  }
  r405: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 940
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68072869&loc=d3e41242-110953
  }
  r406: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(11))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r407: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(13))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r408: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(15)(1))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r409: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(15)(2))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r41: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(a)(4))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r410: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(16))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r411: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(22))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r412: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(23))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r413: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03.10)
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r414: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03.15(5))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r415: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03.17)
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r416: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(15))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637391&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r417: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(22))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637391&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r418: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(23))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637391&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r419: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04.9)
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637391&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r42: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(a)(5))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r420: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 470
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=75038535&loc=d3e64711-112823
  }
  r421: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(15)(b)(2))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r422: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(16))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r423: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(12))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r424: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(15)(b)(1))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r425: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(16))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r426: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(23)(a)(4))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r427: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(24))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r428: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(25))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r429: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(8))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r43: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r430: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03.(a),19)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r431: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03.15(a))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r432: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(18))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637232&loc=SL114874131-224263
  }
  r433: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(19))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637232&loc=SL114874131-224263
  }
  r434: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(8))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637232&loc=SL114874131-224263
  }
  r435: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4H
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 40
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116884468&loc=SL65671331-158438
  }
  r436: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 825
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99380617&loc=SL75241803-196195
  }
  r437: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 740
   Topic: 954
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6491622&loc=d3e9504-115650
  }
  r438: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 360
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Footnote 4))
   Topic: 970
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6590653&loc=d3e638233-123024
  }
  r439: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 985
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6501960&loc=d3e128462-111756
  }
  r44: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(b))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r440: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)(1)
   Topic: 985
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6501960&loc=d3e128462-111756
  }
  r441: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 985
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6501960&loc=d3e128487-111756
  }
  r442: {
   Name: Exchange Act
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: b
  }
  r443: {
   Name: Exchange Act
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: b-23
  }
  r444: {
   Name: Exchange Act
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: d1-1
  }
  r445: {
   Name: Forms 10-K, 10-Q, 20-F
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 13
   Subsection: a-1-
  }
  r446: {
   Name: Forms 10-K, 20-F, 40-F
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 15
   Subsection: d-1
  }
  r447: {
   Name: Regulation 12B
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: b-2
  }
  r448: {
   Name: Regulation S-T
   Number: 232
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 405
  }
  r45: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(c))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r46: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(7))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r47: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(8))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r48: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.1)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r49: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.13(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r5: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721663-107760
  }
  r50: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.13)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r51: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.14)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r52: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.17)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r53: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r54: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19(b),22(b))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r55: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19-26)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r56: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.20)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r57: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.21)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r58: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(1))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r59: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.22)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r6: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721665-107760
  }
  r60: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.24)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r61: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.25)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r62: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.28,29)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r63: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.29)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r64: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.29-30)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r65: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.29-31)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r66: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.31)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r67: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r68: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(b))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r69: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.9)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r7: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721671-107760
  }
  r70: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=51824906&loc=SL20225862-175312
  }
  r71: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669646-108580
  }
  r72: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669646-108580
  }
  r73: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=d3e637-108580
  }
  r74: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=d3e640-108580
  }
  r75: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=d3e681-108580
  }
  r76: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669686-108580
  }
  r77: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL34724394-108580
  }
  r78: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669619-108580
  }
  r79: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669619-108580
  }
  r8: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721673-107760
  }
  r80: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669619-108580
  }
  r81: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669625-108580
  }
  r82: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669625-108580
  }
  r83: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=d3e557-108580
  }
  r84: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116657188&loc=SL116659661-227067
  }
  r85: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (210.5-03(11))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r86: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(10))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r87: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(20))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r88: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(21))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r89: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(4))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r9: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5C
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721675-107760
  }
  r90: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.1,2)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r91: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.2(a))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r92: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.2(a),(d))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r93: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.3)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r94: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.4)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r95: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.7)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r96: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.8)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r97: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.9)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r98: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3179-108585
  }
  r99: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3179-108585
  }
 }
 version: 2.1
}













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018




















Tax Cuts And Jobs Act Of 2017
 provisional non-cash tax benefit

300
000





























000
000.0









300
000









Tax Cuts And Jobs Act Of 2017
 Incomplete Accounting
 Change in Tax Rate
 Deferred Tax Asset
 Provisional Income Tax Expense (Benefit)




























Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.

























































The amount of the tax credit carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.




























The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Oct. 01
 2019
Nov. 20
 2017
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018




























































































































































Long-term debt
 principal balance












































































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.

























































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























The fair value amount of long-term debt whether such amount is presented as a separate caption or as a parenthetical disclosure. Additionally
 this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







Hostess Brands
The Hostess Brands
 Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the &#8220;2016 Plan&#8221;) provides for the granting of various equity-based incentive awards to members of the Board of Directors of the Company
 employees and service providers to the Company. The types of equity-based awards that may be granted under the 2016 Plan include: stock options
 stock appreciation rights (SARs)
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units (RSUs)
 and other stock-based awards. There are 7
150
000 registered shares of Class A common stock reserved for issuance under the 2016 Plan. All awards issued under the 2016 Plan may only be settled in shares of Class A common stock. As of December&#160;31
 2019
 3
490
Share-based compensation expense totaled approximately $9.2&#160;million
 $5.6 million and $7.4&#160;million for the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018 and 2017
The fair value of RSU awards is calculated based on the closing market price of the Company&#8217;s Class A Common Stock on the date of grant. Compensation expense is recognized straight-line over the requisite service period of the awards
For certain RSU awards
 a portion of the granted units are banked at each annual performance period if the Company achieves certain EBITDA targets. Banked shares continue to be subject to the requisite service period under the terms of the awards. Depending on actual performance during each of the three annual performance periods
 award recipients have the opportunity to receive up to 225% of the granted units. At December&#160;31
 2019 there were no RSU awards with EBITDA performance conditions outstanding. As of December 31
The vesting of certain RSU awards is contingent upon the Company&#8217;s Class A stock achieving a certain total stockholder return (&#8220;TSR&#8221;) in relation to a group of its peers
 year period. Depending on the actual performance over the measurement period
 an award recipient has the opportunity to receive up to 200% of the granted awards. At December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018 there were 0.3&#160;million and 0.1 million RSU awards with TSR performance conditions outstanding
Upon an employee&#8217;s termination
Unvested as of December 31
915
440
(172
(288
Unvested as of December 31
895
721
(298
(415
Unvested as of December 31
904
Includes 81
 Includes 108
As of December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 there was $7.6 million and $6.4 million of total unrecognized compensation cost
 respectively
 related to non-vested RSUs granted under the 2016 Plan that are considered probable to vest; that cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average remaining period of approximately 1.8 years and 1.5 years
 respectively. As of December&#160;31
 2019 there were no awards outstanding for which it was not probable that the performance conditions would be met. As of December 31
For the years ended December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 $7.2 million and $4.3 million
 respectively
During the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company granted 0.4 million shares of restricted stock to the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer under the 2016 Plan. The fair value of the restricted stock was calculated based on the closing market price of the Company&#8217;s Class A common stock on the grant date. Also during 2017
 in connection with the announcement of the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer&#8217;s retirement
 the grant was reduced so 0.1 million shares would vest on January 1
For the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company recognized expense of $1.0 million related to the restricted stock awards within general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. No restricted stock awards were issued by the Company during 2019 or 2018. As of December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
December 31
December 31
From its inception through December 31
 2019
 the Company has not paid any dividends on its common stock. As of the stock option grant date
The stock options vest in equal annual installments on varying dates through 2022. The maximum term under the grant agreement is ten years. As of December&#160;31
 2019
 there was $3.7 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options outstanding under the 2016 Plan; that cost is expected to be recognized over the vesting periods. For the years ended December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 there was $2.0 million and $1.3 million
 respectively
Outstanding as of December 31
827
382
(265
Outstanding as of December 31
943
Exercisable as of December 31
273
905
(7
(124
Outstanding as of December 31
1
Exercisable as of December 31
486
Under the terms of its employment agreement with C. Dean Metropoulos
 the Company was obligated to grant additional equity to Mr. Metropoulos if certain EBITDA thresholds were met for 2017 and 2018. These thresholds were not met and no additional equity was granted to Mr. Metropoulos under these arrangements. The agreements expired by their terms on December 31
 2018.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







December 31
December 31
6
3
4
4
Payroll
3
6
2
1
1
1
1
21
18
137&#160;







The entire disclosure for accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 and other liabilities that are classified as current at the end of the reporting period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017













675


389


188





841


112


290





834


277


898














775


069


004





719


071


086





423


760


943





377


057


855





914











866)


222)





128)









472


331


240





738


719


906



Operating Income (Loss)
 Total

096


558


992














870


404


174







372)







769




914





639


178


088





457


380


904





892


954


204)





565


426


108





450


531


211



Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Parent
 Total

115


895


897









































540
264


957
049


109
629





699
447


098
394


307
293




































Liability on Tax Receivable Agreement
 Remeasurement
 Net




























The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.




























This element represents acquisition-related costs incurred to effect a business combination which costs have been expensed during the period. Such costs include finder's fees; advisory
 legal
 accounting
 valuation
 and other professional or consulting fees; general administrative costs
 including the costs of maintaining an internal acquisitions department; and may include costs of registering and issuing debt and equity securities.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))














































































































































The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.


















































































































The total expense recognized in the period for promotion
 public relations
 and brand or product advertising.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).




















































































Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.






















































































Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




























The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.




























Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.

























































The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







December 31
December 31
Term Loan (4.14% as of December 31
973
983
(3
3
970
987
16
987
988
(11
(11
975
976
736&#160;




At December&#160;31
 2019
9
9
9
9
9
925
110&#160;



































Tabular disclosure of long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including identification
 terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the entity
 if longer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(e)
(f))





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







December 31
December 31
December 31
878
808
733
28
42
42
907
850
776
41
38
35
1
2
2
43
41
38
293
258
316
6
8
9
299
267
326
35
53
35
35
53
36
December 31
December 31
3
097
2
924
86
3
097
3
010
713&#160;







Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker
 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







(In thousands
December 31
September 30
June 30
March 31
216
227
241
222
39
23
36
36
23
10
16
26
21
8
11
21
(In thousands
December 31
September 30
June 30
March 31
214
210
215
208
30
23
34
32
16
11
24
29
11
7
19
23
841&#160;



































Tabular disclosure of quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 financial information for fiscal quarters
 cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017













565


426


108





334


411


170



Impairment of property
 goodwill and intangibles

505


717


003









453







079)









237)


222)





414









128)









231


600


413














121


255


270)



Change in operating assets and liabilities
 net of acquisitions and dispositions:










570)


667)


775)





477)


569


901)









039)





072


418


839





202


499


820





974


655


685














875)


585)


913)



Acquisition of business
 net of cash



160)





Proceeds from sale of business
 net of cash

345


















609)


839)


381)





861


945)


209)














894)


105)


144)





433)




066)





658)


551)


985)





431)


025)







732)


353)
















125)


034)


630)





710


676


846





377


701


855





087


377


701














986


617


431





840


422


617














910


858


089





















































































































































































Amount of cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage. Excludes amount for disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash
 cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.





















































































The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.

























































Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.




























The aggregate amount of write-downs for impairments recognized during the period for long-lived assets held for abandonment
 exchange or sale.




























The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.






















































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
























































Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses
 and assets classified as other.




























Amount of cash paid for interest
 excluding capitalized interest
 classified as operating activity. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The cash outflow associated with the development
 modification or acquisition of software programs or applications for internal use (that is
 not to be sold
 leased or otherwise marketed to others) that qualify for capitalization.






















































































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of a business
 net of the cash acquired from the purchase.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.




























Amount of cash outflow to a noncontrolling interest. Includes
 but not limited to
 reduction of noncontrolling interest ownership. Excludes dividends paid to the noncontrolling interest.

























































The cash inflow from the sale of property
 plant and equipment (capital expenditures)
 software
 and other intangible assets.

























































The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.




























Amount of cash outflow for debt
 mandatory redeemable security
 and principal payment for finance lease obligation.
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)



























Amount
 after cash payment
 of expenses associated with exit or disposal activities pursuant to an authorized plan. Excludes expenses related to a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019








 deferred tax liabilities and assets are determined based on the difference between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the difference is expected to reverse. Additionally
 the impact of changes in the enacted tax rates and laws on deferred taxes
 if any
 December 31
 December 31
December 31
1
11
1
2
2
2
2
14
14
14
(93
(4
12
14
10
(81
Income tax expense (benefit)
16
12
(67
The Company owns a controlling interest in Hostess Holdings
 which is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal and most applicable state and local income tax purposes. As a partnership
 Hostess Holdings is not itself subject to U.S. federal and certain state and local income taxes. Any taxable income or loss generated by Hostess Holdings is passed through and included in the taxable income or loss of its partners. The Company is subject to U.S. federal income taxes
The operations of Hostess Holdings include those of its C corporation subsidiaries. These C corporation subsidiaries are subject to U.S. federal
 state and local income taxes. The Company&#8217;s tax provision includes income taxes for the share of Hostess Holdings income or loss passed through to the Company
For the years ended December 31
 2019
 2018
 and 2017
 December 31
 December 31
December 31
State and local income taxes
 December 31
December 31
6
3
2
2
2
1
1
1
10
10
(266
(279
(7
(1
(1
(266
(288
(256
(277
The recognition of deferred tax assets is based on management&#8217;s belief that it is more likely than not that the tax benefits associated with temporary differences
 net operating loss carryforwards and tax credits will be utilized. The Company assesses the recoverability of the deferred tax assets on an ongoing basis. In making this assessment
 the Company considers all positive and negative evidence
 and all potential sources of taxable income including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities
 tax-planning strategies
The Company and its C corporation subsidiaries file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and local jurisdictions. For federal and state tax purposes
 the Company and its C corporation subsidiaries are generally subject to examination for three years after the income tax returns are filed. As such
 income tax returns filed since 2016 remain open for examination by tax authorities. The Company&#8217;s C corporation subsidiaries utilized U.S. loss carryforwards which date back to 2005
At December 31
 2019
 the Company has gross state net operating losses of approximately $4.0 million and state credits of approximately $3.3 million. Unless utilized
The Company does not have any significant uncertain tax positions and therefore has no unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31
 2019 or 2018 that if recognized
 would affect the annual effective tax rate. Therefore
the Company has not recorded any penalties and interest during the years ended December 31
 2019 or 2018. Interest and penalties related to income tax liabilities
 if incurred
Tax Reform significantly changed U.S. tax law by lowering the corporate income tax rate permanently from a maximum of&#160;35%&#160;to a flat&#160;21%&#160;rate
 effective January 1
 2018. As a result of the reduction in the U.S. corporate income tax rate from&#160;35%&#160;to&#160;21%&#160;under Tax Reform
 the Company revalued its ending net deferred tax liabilities at December 31
 2017 and recognized a non-cash tax benefit of&#160;$111.3 million&#160;in the Company&#8217;s consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31
 2017.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







The consolidated financial statements included herein have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (&#8220;U.S. GAAP&#8221;) and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (&#8220;SEC&#8221;). The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its majority-owned or controlled subsidiaries
The Company has determined that Hostess Holdings
 a limited partnership
 is a variable interest entity (&#8220;VIE&#8221;) and that the Company is the primary beneficiary of the VIE. The Company determined that
 due to its ownership of Hostess Holdings&#8217; general partnership units
 the Company has the power to direct all of the activities of Hostess Holdings
C. Dean Metropoulos and entities under his control (the &#8220;Metropoulos Entities&#8221;) hold their equity investment in the Company primarily through Class B limited partnership units in Hostess Holdings (&#8220;Class B Units&#8221;) and an equal number of shares of the Company&#8217;s Class B common stock (&#8220;Class B Stock&#8221;). The Company&#8217;s Class B Stock has voting
 but no economic rights
 while Hostess Holdings&#8217; Class B Units have economic
 but no voting rights. Each Class B Unit
 together with a share of Class B Stock held by the Metropoulos Entities
 is exchangeable for a share of the Company&#8217;s Class A common stock (or at the option of the Company
The Company has two reportable segments: Sweet Baked Goods and In-Store Bakery. The Company sold its In-Store Bakery operations on August 30
 2019.




The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its majority-owned or controlled subsidiaries (including those for which the Company is the primary beneficiary of a VIE)
 collectively referred to as the Company. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.




On January 1
 2019
 the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) No. 2016-02
 Leases
 along with the related ASUs 2018-01
 2018-10 and 2018-11 (collectively
 &#8220;Topic 842&#8221;). Topic 842 requires a lessee to record on the balance sheet the assets and liabilities for the rights and obligations created by lease terms of more than 12 months. To adopt this standard
 the Company utilized a modified retrospective transition method. Under this approach
 the results for reporting periods beginning January 1
amounts are not adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance with the historic accounting standards. There was no cumulative effect of applying Topic 842 to the opening balance of retained earnings. The Company has elected to apply the practical expedients under Topic 842 which allow entities to not reassess the lease classification for expired or existing leases and to not reassess if expired or existing contracts contain leases under the Topic 842 definition. The Company has also elected to use hindsight when determining the lease term of existing leases. As a result of the adoption
 on January 1
 2019
 the Company recognized right of use assets of $8.2&#160;million
On January 1
 2018
 the Company adopted ASU No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (&#8220;Topic 606&#8221;)
 using the modified retrospective transition method. Under this method
 results for reporting periods beginning January 1
 2018 are presented under Topic 606. Prior period amounts are not adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance with the historic accounting under Topic 605
 with the cumulative effect of applying Topic 606 to prior period amounts recognized as an adjustment to opening retained earnings. The Company has elected to apply the new standard to contracts that were not complete as of January 1
 2018. Under this transition method
 the Company deemed contracts to be not complete if
 as of the date of transition
On January 1
 2018
 the Company adopted ASU No. 2017-12
In March 2018
 the Company adopted ASU 2018-05
 Income Taxes: Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 (&#8220;Topic 740&#8221;)
 which updates the income tax accounting in U.S. GAAP to reflect the SEC&#8217;s interpretive guidance released on December 22
 2017
In September 2018
 the Company adopted ASU 2018-15
 Intangibles-Goodwill and Other Internal-Use Software: Customer&#8217;s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract (&#8220;Subtopic 350-40&#8221;)
In June 2016
 was issued. This ASU requires entities to measure the impairment of certain financial instruments
 including trade receivables
 based on expected losses rather than incurred losses. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019
 with early adoption permitted for financial statement periods beginning after December 15
 2018. The Company adopted this ASU on January 1
 2020. Based on its assessment
In December 2019
 ASU 2019-12 Income Taxes: Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes (&#8220;Topic 740&#8221;) was issued. This ASU simplifies the accounting for certain income tax related items
 including intraperiod tax allocations
 deferred taxes related to foreign subsidiaries and step-up in tax basis of goodwill. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2020 and early adoption is permitted. The Company is still assessing the impact of this update.





 including
 but not limited to
 valuation and useful lives of tangible and intangible assets
 inputs used to calculate the Tax Receivable Agreement liability including increases in tax basis related to exchanges
 future cash tax savings rate
 and the allocation of the liability between short-term and long-term based on when the Company realizes certain tax attributes and reserves for trade and promotional allowances. Actual results could differ from these estimates.




The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less when purchased as cash equivalents and are recorded at cost. Under the Company&#8217;s cash management system
 checks that have been issued and are out of the control of the Company
 but which have not cleared the bank by the balance sheet date
 are reported as a reduction of cash.









Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market on a first-in first-out basis. Abnormal amounts of idle facility expense
 freight
 handling costs
 and wasted material (spoilage) are expensed in the period they are incurred.




Property and equipment acquired in Business Combinations were assigned useful lives for purposes of depreciation that the Company believes to be the remaining useful life of such assets. Additions to property and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated straight line over estimated useful lives of 15 to 50 years for buildings and land improvements and 3 to 20 years for machinery and equipment. In order to maximize the efficiency of the Company&#8217;s operations and to operate the acquired equipment
 occasionally the Company will remove and relocate equipment between bakeries. Such removal and relocation costs are expensed as incurred. Reinstallation costs are capitalized if the useful life is extended or the equipment is significantly improved. Otherwise
 reinstallation costs are expensed as incurred. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense when incurred. Expenditures for major renewals and betterments
 which extend the useful lives of existing property and equipment
 are capitalized and depreciated. Upon retirement or disposition of property and equipment
 the capitalized cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the balance sheet and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in the consolidated statements of operations.




Costs associated with computer software projects during the preliminary project stage are expensed as incurred. Once management authorizes and commits to funding a project
 appropriate application development stage costs are capitalized. Capitalization ceases when the project is substantially complete and the software is ready for its intended use. Upgrades and enhancements to software are capitalized when such enhancements are determined to provide additional functionality. Training and maintenance costs associated with software applications are expensed as incurred.




At December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 the goodwill balances of $535.9 million and $575.6 million
 respectively
and other former equity holders in a 2016 transaction over the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The resulting goodwill was allocated to the Sweet Baked Goods reporting unit and the In-Store Bakery reporting unit. No goodwill was recorded in connection with the acquisition of the Cloverhill Business during the year ended December 31
 2018 as the fair value of net assets approximated the consideration paid. During the year ended December 31
 2019
Goodwill by reporting unit is tested for impairment annually by either performing a qualitative evaluation or a quantitative test. The qualitative evaluation is an assessment of factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 including goodwill. The Company may elect not to perform the qualitative assessment for some or all reporting units and perform a quantitative impairment test. For the 2019 annual impairment test
For the 2018 annual impairment test
 the Company elected to perform a quantitative impairment test. For this test
 fair value was determined based on a combination of an income approach utilizing the discounted cash flow method and the market approach using the market comparable method. Significant assumptions used to determine fair value under the discounted cash flow method included future trends in sales
 operating expenses
 capital expenditures and changes in working capital
 along with an appropriate discount rate based on our estimated cost of equity capital
 after-tax cost of debt and future economic and market conditions. To the extent the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds fair value
The Company&#8217;s indefinite-lived intangible assets consist of trademarks and trade names. The $1
408.6 million and $1
409.9 million balances at December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively
 were recognized as part of the 2016 acquisition of Hostess Holdings and the 2018 acquisition of the Cloverhill Business. The trademarks and trade names are integral to the Company&#8217;s identity and are expected to contribute indefinitely to its corporate cash flows. Fair value for trademarks and tradenames was determined using the income approach
 which is considered to be Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. The application of the income approach was premised on a royalty savings method
 whereby the trademark and tradenames are valued by reference to the amount of royalty income they could generate if they were licensed
 in an arm&#8217;s-length transaction
 to a third party. These assets have been assigned an indefinite life and therefore are not amortized but rather evaluated for impairment annually using the qualitative or quantitative methods similar to goodwill. For the quantitative assessment
 the valuation of trademarks and trade names are determined using the relief of royalty method. significant assumptions used in this method include future trends in sales
During the years ended December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 the Company recognized impairment charges of $1.0&#160;million and $3.3 million
 respectively
Also
 the Company has finite-lived intangible assets
 net of accumulated amortization of $444.7 million and $491.3 million balances on December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018 respectively
 that consist of customer relationships that were recognized as part of the Hostess Holdings and Cloverhill acquisitions. For customer relationships
 the application of the income approach (Level 3) was premised on an excess earnings method
 whereby the customer relationships are valued by the earnings expected to be generated from those customers after other capital charges. Definite-lived intangible assets are being amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated remaining useful lives of the assets.





 the Company maintains insurance programs covering its exposure to workers&#8217; compensation. Such programs include the retention of certain levels of risks and costs through high deductibles and other risk retention strategies.




Subsequent to its adoption of Topic 842 on January 1
 2019
 the Company recognizes a right of use asset and corresponding lease liability on the consolidated balance sheet for all lease transactions with terms of more than 12 months. Agreements are determined to contain a lease if they convey the use and control of an underlying physical asset. Based on the nature of the lease transaction
 leases are either classified as financing or operating. Under both classifications
 the right of use asset and liability are initially valued based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments using an effective borrowing rate at the inception of the lease. The Company determined the effective borrowing rate based on its expected incremental borrowing rate on collateralized debt. At December&#160;31
 2019
Under a financing lease
 interest expense related to the lease liability is recognized over the lease term using an effective interest rate method and right of use assets are amortized straight-line over the term of the lease. Under an operating lease
 minimum lease payments are expensed straight-line over the lease term. Lease liabilities are amortized using an effective interest rate method and right of use assets are reduced based on the excess of the sum of the straight-line lease expense and the reduction of the lease liability over the actual lease payments. At December&#160;31
 2019
Variable lease payments
 such as taxes and insurance
 are expensed as incurred. Expenses related to leases with original terms less than 12 months (short-term leases) are expensed as incurred. For all leases related to distribution
 bakery and corporate facilities
At December&#160;31
 2019
 right of use assets related to operating leases are included in property and equipment
 net on the consolidated balance sheet (see Note 5. Property and Equipment). Lease liabilities for operating leases are included in the current and non-current portions of long-term debt and lease obligations on the consolidated balance sheet (see Note 10. Debt).




Net revenue consists primarily of sales of packaged food products. The Company recognizes revenue when the obligations under the terms of its agreements with customers have been satisfied. The Company&#8217;s obligation is satisfied when control of the product is transferred to its customers along with the title
 risk of loss and rewards of ownership. Depending on the arrangement with the customer
Trade promotions
 consisting primarily of customer pricing allowances
 merchandising funds and consumer coupons
The Company also offers rebates based on purchase levels
For product produced by third parties
 management evaluates whether the Company is the principal (i.e.
 report revenue on a gross basis) or agent (i.e.
 report revenue on a net basis). Management has determined that it is the principal in all cases
 since it establishes its own pricing for such product
 generally assumes the credit risk for amounts billed to its customers
 and often takes physical control of the product before it is shipped to customers.




The grant date fair values of stock options are valued using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model
 including a simplified method to estimate the number of periods to exercise date (i.e.
 the expected option term). Management has determined that the equity plan has not been in place for a sufficient amount of time to estimate the post vesting exercise behavior. Therefore
For awards which have performance and market conditions
 compensation expense is calculated based on the number of shares expected to vest after assessing the probability that the performance or market criteria will be met. The equity-based compensation expense
 net of forfeitures
 is recognized using a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the awards
 which corresponds to the vesting periods of the awards. For performance-based awards
 compensation expense is remeasured throughout the vesting period as probability is reassessed. For market-based awards
 probability is not reassessed and compensation expense is not remeasured subsequent to the initial assessment on the grant date.




Hostess Brands
 Inc. owns a controlling interest in Hostess Holdings
 which is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal and most applicable state and local income tax purposes. As a partnership
 Hostess Holdings is not directly subject to U.S. federal and certain state and local income taxes. Any taxable income or loss generated by Hostess Holdings is passed through to and included in the taxable income or loss of its partners
 including the Company. The Company is subject to U.S. federal income taxes
During the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Tax Reform was signed into law.&#160;The Company has recognized the tax impacts related to the revaluation of deferred tax assets and liabilities.




The Company has entered into an interest rate swap contract to mitigate its exposure to changes in the variable interest rate on its long-term debt. This contract was designated as a cash flow hedge. Changes in the fair value of this instrument are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income in the consolidated balance sheets and reclassified into earnings in the period in which the hedged transaction affects earnings. Hedging ineffectiveness
 if any
During the year ended December&#160;31
 2019
 the Company used foreign currency forward contracts to manage the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to future commitments denominated in currencies other than the US dollar. The foreign currency contract outstanding as of December&#160;31
 2019 did not qualify as a cash flow hedge.




The Company utilizes valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs to the best extent possible. The Company determines fair value based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability in the principal or most advantageous market. When considering market participant assumptions in fair value measurements
 the following fair value hierarchy distinguishes between observable and unobservable inputs
Level 2 inputs: Other than quoted prices included in Level 1 inputs that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
Level 3 inputs: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability used to measure fair value to the extent that observable inputs are not available
 thereby allowing for situations in which there is little
 if any
 market activity for the asset or liability at measurement date.




On January 1
 2019
 the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) No. 2016-02
 Leases
 along with the related ASUs 2018-01
 2018-10 and 2018-11 (collectively
 &#8220;Topic 842&#8221;). Topic 842 requires a lessee to record on the balance sheet the assets and liabilities for the rights and obligations created by lease terms of more than 12 months. To adopt this standard
 the Company utilized a modified retrospective transition method. Under this approach
 the results for reporting periods beginning January 1
amounts are not adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance with the historic accounting standards. There was no cumulative effect of applying Topic 842 to the opening balance of retained earnings. The Company has elected to apply the practical expedients under Topic 842 which allow entities to not reassess the lease classification for expired or existing leases and to not reassess if expired or existing contracts contain leases under the Topic 842 definition. The Company has also elected to use hindsight when determining the lease term of existing leases. As a result of the adoption
 on January 1
 2019
 the Company recognized right of use assets of $8.2&#160;million
On January 1
 2018
 the Company adopted ASU No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (&#8220;Topic 606&#8221;)
 using the modified retrospective transition method. Under this method
 results for reporting periods beginning January 1
 2018 are presented under Topic 606. Prior period amounts are not adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance with the historic accounting under Topic 605
 with the cumulative effect of applying Topic 606 to prior period amounts recognized as an adjustment to opening retained earnings. The Company has elected to apply the new standard to contracts that were not complete as of January 1
 2018. Under this transition method
 the Company deemed contracts to be not complete if
 as of the date of transition
On January 1
 2018
 the Company adopted ASU No. 2017-12
In March 2018
 the Company adopted ASU 2018-05
 Income Taxes: Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 (&#8220;Topic 740&#8221;)
 which updates the income tax accounting in U.S. GAAP to reflect the SEC&#8217;s interpretive guidance released on December 22
 2017
In September 2018
 the Company adopted ASU 2018-15
 Intangibles-Goodwill and Other Internal-Use Software: Customer&#8217;s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract (&#8220;Subtopic 350-40&#8221;)
In June 2016
 was issued. This ASU requires entities to measure the impairment of certain financial instruments
 including trade receivables
 based on expected losses rather than incurred losses. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019
 with early adoption permitted for financial statement periods beginning after December 15
 2018. The Company adopted this ASU on January 1
 2020. Based on its assessment
In December 2019
 ASU 2019-12 Income Taxes: Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes (&#8220;Topic 740&#8221;) was issued. This ASU simplifies the accounting for certain income tax related items
 including intraperiod tax allocations
 deferred taxes related to foreign subsidiaries and step-up in tax basis of goodwill. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2020 and early adoption is permitted. The Company is still assessing the impact of this update.



































Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for salaries
 bonuses
 incentive awards
 postretirement and postemployment benefits granted to employees
 including equity-based arrangements; discloses methodologies for measurement
 and the bases for recognizing related assets and liabilities and recognizing and reporting compensation expense.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f(1))



























Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for fair value measurements of financial and non-financial assets
 liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for costs incurred when both (1) the software is acquired
 internally developed
 or modified solely to meet the entity's internal needs
 and (2) during the software's development or modification
 no substantive plan exists or is being developed to market the software externally.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for self-insurance reserves
 including
 but not limited to incurred but not reported reserves (IBNR).



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018






































































The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.






















































































Expected term of award under share-based payment arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands




Dec. 31
 2019
Sep. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2019
Mar. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Sep. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2018
Mar. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017





























666


211


060


738


815


982


849


743


675


389


188





534


571


881


110


344


693


649


872


096


558


992





555


729


669


612


352


152


620


302


565


426


108





721


785


483


126


830


941


283


841


115


895


897








































































































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
























































Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

















































































































































666
000


211
000


060
000


738
000


815
000


982
000


849
000


743
000


675
000


389
000


188
000





















334
000


411
000


170
000





















834
000


277
000


898
000





















536
000


748
000


383
000





097
701
000








010
713
000








097
701
000


010
713
000









































































973
000


355
000


827
000





















732
000


607
000


441
000





















648
000


995
000


916
000





















354
000


394
000


609
000





097
701
000








924
333
000








097
701
000


924
333
000









































































702
000


034
000


361
000





















602
000


804
000


729
000





















186
000


282
000


982
000





















000


000


000













380
000










380
000






































The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
























































The cash outflow for purchases of and capital improvements on property
 plant and equipment (capital expenditures)
 software
 and other intangible assets.




























Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.
























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















513





513





513





513





513





120







Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2019







Weighted average effective borrowing rate
 operating leases




Average remaining terms
 operating leases

































































Weighted average remaining lease term for operating lease
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]








Property
 and equipment
 useful life (years)

















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]








Property
 and equipment
 useful life (years)

















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]








Property
 and equipment
 useful life (years)

















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]








Property
 and equipment
 useful life (years)

















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]















































































Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018









Line of credit secured
 percent




















Line of credit
 amount to be issued










Line of Credit Facility Secured
 Percent


























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands




Dec. 31
 2019
Sep. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2019
Mar. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Sep. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2018
Mar. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017





























721


785


483


126


830


941


283


841


115


895


897














































540
264


957
049


109
629





















693
758


021
239


113
053





















425


106


611





















699
447


098
394


307
293













































































































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
























































The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















764





764





764





764





764





110




































Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















541





222





494





735





848





081



































Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due after fifth fiscal year following latest fiscal year.




























Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in next fiscal year following latest fiscal year.




























Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in fifth fiscal year following latest fiscal year.




























Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in fourth fiscal year following latest fiscal year.




























Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in third fiscal year following latest fiscal year.




























Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in second fiscal year following latest fiscal year.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017




















State and local income taxes
 net of federal benefit


































































Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Gain On Tax Receivable Agreement Buyout
 Percent













































































































































































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).




























Percentage of reported income tax expense (benefit) in excess of (less than) expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying domestic federal statutory income tax rate to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 attributable to Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018











063


360





679









372)





779







593)


866)





732)


353)





196


063







Liability On Tax Receivable Agreement
 Disposal Of Business




























Liability On Tax Receivable Agreement
 Reduction Of Future Payments Due To Buyout




























Liability On Tax Receivable Agreement
 Share Exchanges

























































Liability on Tax Receivable Agreement
 Payments




























Liability on Tax Receivable Agreement
 Remeasurement
 State Tax Rate






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }























Right of use asset
 accumulated amortization













Operating Lease
 Right-of-Use Asset
 Amortization Expense



























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017








































150
000







Shares available for issuance
 2016 Plan (in shares)

490
775


































































































The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments)
 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
























Beginning balance (shares) at Dec. 31
 2016







250
917


704
988













Beginning balance at Dec. 31
 2016











824




618)


219


192




























096












318


897


215


881











849















Share-based compensation
 net of income taxes











803






803













385
424


385
424)

























848






848


848)























985)








































































Tax receivable agreement arising from exchanges
 net of income taxes











317)






317)





Ending balance at Dec. 31
 2017











723


318


279


130
333


240



Ending balance (shares) at Dec. 31
 2017







791
245


319
564






































143












198


895


093


050











767















Share-based compensation
 net of income taxes











095






095













380


380)

























370






370


370)























551)















025)






025)





Tax receivable agreement arising from exchanges
 net of income taxes






















Ending balance at Dec. 31
 2018











902


523


365


199
803


454



Ending balance (shares) at Dec. 31
 2018



046
392


255
184


046
392


255
184






































019












388)


115


727


292











831















Share-based compensation
 net of income taxes











877






877













845
350


845
350)

























547






656


656)























658)





463






463


















































431)






431)



















































Tax receivable agreement arising from exchanges
 net of income taxes











863)






863)





Ending balance at Dec. 31
 2019











152
055




480


485
792


432



Ending balance (shares) at Dec. 31
 2019



108
086


409
834


108
086


409
834

















Adjustments to Additional Paid in Capital
 Tax Receivable Agreement from Exchanges




























Stock And Warrants Issued During Period
 Shares
 Warrants













































































































































































Decrease in noncontrolling interest balance from payment of dividends or other distributions by the non-wholly owned subsidiary or partially owned entity
 included in the consolidation of the parent entity
 to the noncontrolling interest holders.

























































Number
 before forfeiture
 of shares issued under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).






















































































Value
 before forfeiture
 of shares issued under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).

























































Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







 December 31
 December 31
December 31
1
11
1
2
2
2
2
14
14
14
(93
(4
12
14
10
(81
Income tax expense (benefit)
16
12
(67
204)




For the years ended December 31
 2019
 2018
 and 2017
 December 31
 December 31
December 31
State and local income taxes
 net of federal benefit 




 December 31
December 31
6
3
2
2
2
1
1
1
10
10
(266
(279
(7
(1
(1
(266
(288
(256
(277
954)



































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







December 31
December 31
6
3
4
4
Payroll
3
6
2
1
1
1
1
21
18
137&#160;













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018











087


377



Accounts receivable
 net

892


679





608


580





569


806





156


442



Property and equipment
 net

384


349



Intangible assets
 net

853
315


901
215





853


645



Other assets
 net

993


062





097
701


010
713












883


268





100


400





566


288





715


010





661


137





925


103





405


736





096


663





051


954





517
477


460
456












152
055


902







523





480


365





485
792


199
803





432


454



Total liabilities
 stockholders&#8217; equity and non-controlling interest

097
701


010
713

















































Accrued Liabilities and Other
 Current




























Customer Trade Allowance Liability
 Current




























Tax Receivable Agreement
 Payments Payable
 Current




























Tax Receivable Agreement
 Payments Payable
 Noncurrent

























































Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business
 classified as current.




























Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences with jurisdictional netting.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))



























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount of long-term debt and lease obligation
 classified as noncurrent.




























Amount of long-term debt and lease obligation
 classified as current.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is
 noncontrolling interest
 previously referred to as minority interest).

























































Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019








 2019
 the Company sold its In-Store Bakery operations
 including relevant trademarks and licensing agreements
 to an unrelated party. The operations included products that were primarily sold in the in-store bakery section of U.S. retail channels. The Company divested the operations to provide more focus on future investment in areas of its business that better leverage its core competencies. The Company received proceeds from the divestiture of $65.0&#160;million prior to transaction expenses and subject to certain post-closing adjustments. In connection with the sale
 during the year ended December 31
 2019
 the Company recognized transaction expenses of $2.1&#160;million and a loss on disposal of $0.3&#160;million within other operating expenses on the consolidated statements of operations.



































The entire disclosure related to a disposal group. Includes
 but is not limited to
 a discontinued operation
 disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







The Company has two reportable segments: Sweet Baked Goods and In-Store Bakery. The Company&#8217;s Sweet Baked Goods segment consists of fresh and frozen baked goods and bread products that are sold under the Hostess&#174;
 Dolly Madison&#174;
 Cloverhill&#174;
 and Big Texas&#174; brands. The In-Store Bakery segment consists primarily of Superior on Main&#174; branded products sold through the in-store bakery section of grocery and club stores. During the year ended December&#160;31
 2019
 the Company divested its In-Store Bakery business. As of December&#160;31
 2019
December 31
December 31
December 31
878
808
733
28
42
42
907
850
776
41
38
35
1
2
2
43
41
38
293
258
316
6
8
9
299
267
326
35
53
35
35
53
36
December 31
December 31
3
097
2
924
86
3
097
3
010
713&#160;



































The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue
 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







A term loan was originated on October 1
 2019 through the Company&#8217;s subsidiary
 Hostess Brands
 LLC (referred to below as the &#8220;Fourth Term Loan&#8221;). It requires quarterly payments of interest at a rate of the greater of the applicable LIBOR or 0.75% per annum (&#8220;New LIBOR Floor&#8221;) plus a margin of 2.25% per annum and principal at a rate of 0.25% of the aggregate principal balance with the remaining principal amount due upon maturity on August 3
 2025. The Fourth Term Loan is secured by substantially all of Hostess Brands
The Fourth Term Loan refinanced the remaining balance of $976.4&#160;million on the Third New First Lien Term Loan (&#8220;Third Term Loan&#8221;) through a non-cash refinancing transaction. The Third Term Loan was originated by Hostess Brands
 LLC on November 20
 2017 and required quarterly payments of interest at a rate equal to the the New LIBOR Floor plus a margin of 2.50% per annum and principal at a rate of 0.25% of the aggregate principal balance with the remaining principal amount due upon maturity on August 3
December 31
December 31
Term Loan (4.14% as of December 31
973
983
(3
3
970
987
16
987
988
(11
(11
975
976
At December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 the approximate fair value of the Company&#8217;s debt was $977.6 million and $927.3 million
At December&#160;31
 2019
9
9
9
9
9
925
On October 1
 2019
 Hostess Brands
 LLC amended its Revolving Credit Agreement (the &#8220;Revolver&#8221;)
 providing for borrowings up to $100.0 million
 a stated maturity date of August 3
 2024 and secured by liens on substantially all of Hostess Brands
 LLC&#8217;s present and future assets
 including accounts receivable and inventories
 as defined in the Revolver. The Revolver is ranked equally with the Fourth Term Loan in regards to secured liens. The Revolver has an annual commitment fee on the unused portion of between 0.375% and 0.50% annually based upon the unused percentage. Interest on borrowings under the Revolver is
 at Hostess Brands
 LLC&#8217;s option
Prior to the amendment the Revolver originated on August 3
 2015 had a stated maturity date of August 3
 2020 and an annual commitment fee on the unused portion of between 0.375% and 0.50% annually based upon the unused percentage. Interest on borrowings under the Revolver was
 at Hostess Brands
 LLC&#8217;s option
 either the applicable LIBOR plus a margin of between 3.00% and 3.50% per annum or the base rate plus a margin of 2.00% to 2.50% per annum. All other significant terms and provisions were unchanged by the amendment.The Company had no outstanding borrowings under the Revolver as of December&#160;31
 2019 or 2018. See Note 15. Commitments and Contingencies for information regarding the letters of credit
 which reduce the amount available for borrowing under the Revolver. The Revolver contains certain restrictive financial covenants. As of December&#160;31
 2019
 the Company was in compliance with these covenants.



































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.







































  xmlns=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance
  xmlns:dei=http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
  xmlns:iso4217=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217
  xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
  xmlns:srt=http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
  xmlns:twnk=http://www.hostessbrands.com/20191231
  xmlns:us-gaap=http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
  xmlns:xbrldi=http://xbrl.org/2006/xbrldi
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink




            


            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            


            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            


            




            

                



            




            


            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            


            
            




            


            
            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            


            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            


            




            


            




            

                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            


            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                
                
                



            




            

                
                
                
                



            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            




            

                
                
                
                



            




            

                
                
                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                
                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            




            

                
                
                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            


            
            




            


            
            




            


            
            




            


            
            




            


            
            




            


            
            




            


            
            




            


            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                
                



            




            

                
                
                



            




            

                
                
                



            



        


        


        




                


                




        


        


        


        


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=ic5ecf123bb004dfbabfda5e1d2d0eb39_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i97067d9b25624f7981b8006a0edba7ae_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=ia8214cc0f056479d81555bc99ac1d988_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i820af06472a14ea8bea1c76481fe548e_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i51895e92478848d292d82f4d5285940d_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=ib0f1632711fb46a6b7f8229b5a273f78_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMTgvZnJhZzo3MmNiNTMzOGM2MTY0OWVjOWMxYTA3MDBmZWYwNTI4OC90YWJsZTo2MjI1NjIxNjI1YjA0Y2U4OTJhY2ViYWE0MzFjNGZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjYyMjU2MjE2MjViMDRjZTg5MmFjZWJhYTQzMWM0ZmFmXzEwLTEtMS0xLTA_3b348d97-5ae1-4eeb-9ca2-3378aea053d3


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231


      contextRef=idaa19c42df2749af87f71b4890ca82c7_D20200201-20200226


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231



      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231



      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231



      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i1272b4955f3a40fd95ee50dcd96dce4f_D20190101-20191231



      contextRef=i1272b4955f3a40fd95ee50dcd96dce4f_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i1272b4955f3a40fd95ee50dcd96dce4f_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i096cdd97f62c405e88a95e96021b3747_D20190101-20191231

499
790 Warrants


      contextRef=i096cdd97f62c405e88a95e96021b3747_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i096cdd97f62c405e88a95e96021b3747_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i5ae16567b6434ba7a6ed05f903f5dc72_I20190630
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xL2ZyYWc6MzU0MmQxYTI1YjYxNDA2Njg2NWFmNjg5YmNkYmQ5ZjgvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjozNTQyZDFhMjViNjE0MDY2ODY1YWY2ODliY2RiZDlmOF8yNjc4_bed5e300-119e-4666-b878-6e663cf2dc6d


      contextRef=id10ab2b4d3484eeabf4a5b80b6c2da86_I20200221
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xL2ZyYWc6MzU0MmQxYTI1YjYxNDA2Njg2NWFmNjg5YmNkYmQ5ZjgvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjozNTQyZDFhMjViNjE0MDY2ODY1YWY2ODliY2RiZDlmOF8xNjQ5MjY3NDQ1MDM0_05f3ff6e-e38c-4e3c-ac91-a842bcad304f


      contextRef=ide569a2e6ba945f6901c4f0950cf936a_I20200221
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xL2ZyYWc6MzU0MmQxYTI1YjYxNDA2Njg2NWFmNjg5YmNkYmQ5ZjgvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjozNTQyZDFhMjViNjE0MDY2ODY1YWY2ODliY2RiZDlmOF8xNjQ5MjY3NDQ1MDQ4_f99c148b-0172-46d4-8ca6-d44f9d782572


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=iff7ebe45f38c472380c8270343d136de_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xNi9mcmFnOjZlNjEwNWQ5YjBmYzQ2M2E4OWU0YmE4ZmY1MTkyN2VkL3RleHRyZWdpb246NmU2MTA1ZDliMGZjNDYzYTg5ZTRiYThmZjUxOTI3ZWRfMTkzODk_ad4018f3-3a74-4ea6-ab86-079c674a4e4f


      contextRef=iff7ebe45f38c472380c8270343d136de_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xOS9mcmFnOmU5MjAzMDdlNzgxMjQ2MDU4ZWU3NmIwNmY3YzE1MzM4L3RleHRyZWdpb246ZTkyMDMwN2U3ODEyNDYwNThlZTc2YjA2ZjdjMTUzMzhfMTY0OTI2NzUxNjg4NQ_ad4018f3-3a74-4ea6-ab86-079c674a4e4f


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xOS9mcmFnOmU5MjAzMDdlNzgxMjQ2MDU4ZWU3NmIwNmY3YzE1MzM4L3RleHRyZWdpb246ZTkyMDMwN2U3ODEyNDYwNThlZTc2YjA2ZjdjMTUzMzhfMjA1Njk_97430af4-137b-4bcb-9e9b-4c819b461866


      contextRef=id10ab2b4d3484eeabf4a5b80b6c2da86_I20200221
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xOS9mcmFnOmU5MjAzMDdlNzgxMjQ2MDU4ZWU3NmIwNmY3YzE1MzM4L3RleHRyZWdpb246ZTkyMDMwN2U3ODEyNDYwNThlZTc2YjA2ZjdjMTUzMzhfMzI5ODUzNDk1ODUxMg_05f3ff6e-e38c-4e3c-ac91-a842bcad304f


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18zNy9mcmFnOjM5NGM5NjVmMDIwMzQ3MmU4NDRjMzNjZDVmZTRhY2M5L3RhYmxlOmJmMWFiNWYzZmY3MjQ3Yzk4ODVlNjA3NThmNjY1MmM1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YmYxYWI1ZjNmZjcyNDdjOTg4NWU2MDc1OGY2NjUyYzVfMS00LTEtMS0xMDE3Mg_0322c657-be8a-4868-92d0-7583fbac4bb6


      contextRef=ib0f1632711fb46a6b7f8229b5a273f78_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18zNy9mcmFnOjM5NGM5NjVmMDIwMzQ3MmU4NDRjMzNjZDVmZTRhY2M5L3RhYmxlOmJmMWFiNWYzZmY3MjQ3Yzk4ODVlNjA3NThmNjY1MmM1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YmYxYWI1ZjNmZjcyNDdjOTg4NWU2MDc1OGY2NjUyYzVfMS02LTEtMS0w_9516d907-6394-4bfc-bf8a-19e6dff465d7


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18zNy9mcmFnOjM5NGM5NjVmMDIwMzQ3MmU4NDRjMzNjZDVmZTRhY2M5L3RleHRyZWdpb246Mzk0Yzk2NWYwMjAzNDcyZTg0NGMzM2NkNWZlNGFjYzlfODc5NjA5MzAyNjQ3NA_67bd602d-cd47-4fe9-8811-1bd8bb087bc2


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfNC0xLTEtMS0w_4330858a-916c-489c-9f09-635bfa39b01d


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfNC00LTEtMS0w_f7fa2912-e346-4faa-95bf-f784b9db8c9d


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfNS0xLTEtMS0w_442e9798-fdcf-40ec-97ed-9f0958cf68c3


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfNS00LTEtMS0w_f1f35779-cb0f-4b0a-b6c2-0c4ce28af26e


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfNi0xLTEtMS0w_128c96b8-1920-429d-841c-b7f8cfb1d232


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfNi00LTEtMS0w_ddb6ba10-09cc-4c91-a1fe-19726df9527c


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfNy0xLTEtMS0w_f55e7bf0-64a0-4f69-88d8-1f3f1adccfb2


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfNy00LTEtMS0w_868ca1d2-8986-4f2f-9d21-b454d943aba2


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfOC0xLTEtMS0w_38f48e0e-45cc-49b6-87ba-e29d7a285ebf


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfOC00LTEtMS0w_e4f4c89c-7345-4d6a-a40b-102f6cb5025b


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfOS0xLTEtMS0w_d0c8dfd1-210b-45f8-82ce-10c70ced390e


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfOS00LTEtMS0w_d6599015-f19d-412e-8715-b9e230809a1f


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMTAtMS0xLTEtMA_9a5d8ade-830c-48c1-a7bf-afdc9d05b41b


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMTAtNC0xLTEtMA_f627fa51-e711-4db5-bd35-c41b3c4f4885


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMTEtMS0xLTEtMA_1224d931-ca29-4735-ac53-838372f15406


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMTEtNC0xLTEtMA_d5f042fa-6506-4164-9529-c5662e789695


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMTItMS0xLTEtMA_bc5f44c6-56ed-4daa-b093-f16e5b27ba5d


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMTItNC0xLTEtMA_ee175e09-1e6b-45dd-a188-b2a740e4e338


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMTMtMS0xLTEtMA_8f6110b6-bbb8-46f4-b6f0-baea49636a5b


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMTMtNC0xLTEtMA_4cd918e9-c73c-4e1a-95a5-b8b97656395f


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMTgtMS0xLTEtMA_2c5f03f8-7d1a-40a5-bd4a-b92e032cace3


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMTgtNC0xLTEtMA_dc98b715-ebec-4e69-98c2-23563554c52b


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMTktMS0xLTEtMA_0deb202d-ddca-479c-840f-672dd33af01f


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMTktNC0xLTEtMA_f93dafd1-95b6-4115-8b83-7800eda647fc


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMjAtMS0xLTEtMA_e8dc404c-8ec1-42e4-b64d-a77405a395a7


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMjAtNC0xLTEtMA_43cbc0a2-5e81-40cf-a45b-34f3ce8395e2


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMjEtMS0xLTEtMA_e7148369-6088-4a7f-b7df-d6271200866e


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMjEtNC0xLTEtMA_3eefd68b-6723-4fa3-a1ed-7367a050319b


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMjItMS0xLTEtMA_e8d2babe-a257-443b-85c2-10f0eab52765


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMjItNC0xLTEtMA_a8a10879-e764-48e4-a188-1610744d9415


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMjMtMS0xLTEtMA_6e0b0b6b-d5dd-4f32-9e50-605e5ea81cbc


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMjMtNC0xLTEtMA_b8c6c0bb-908f-4455-8873-9298485d3016


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMjQtMS0xLTEtMA_6b77cfc3-0008-4a15-a008-a763586db030


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMjQtNC0xLTEtMA_0c5d4ce4-987c-4b91-8ad4-0c38fa66f51e


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMjUtMS0xLTEtMA_5fdc7408-0fff-440e-babe-5118ccb939a5


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMjUtNC0xLTEtMA_f80b6267-5eeb-49d4-ac56-d43c3a931168


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMjYtMS0xLTEtMA_b122729f-9b72-46b0-b683-5d3f7313b80a


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMjYtNC0xLTEtMA_6502efb7-a547-4b3c-a84a-a43529b0a22d


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMjctMS0xLTEtMA_78d00a08-0988-4cf5-9b7a-316ac86a6876


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMjctNC0xLTEtMA_8272cb5f-8516-445e-bdc3-a1395b706d82


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMjgtMS0xLTEtMA_3780e4fa-a472-44b5-b190-c7c1c664857e
      unitRef=usd


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMjgtNC0xLTEtMA_85ac17c2-f046-477a-9323-ea31bb715d48
      unitRef=usd


      contextRef=ib0f1632711fb46a6b7f8229b5a273f78_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMjktMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmMyOTVhODRmMTFiNDRkYTJhMGEzZDkwYTU2ZTEwOTUxXzE5NzkxMjA5MzAwMTQ1_16ccf209-ca00-4d4b-bed3-005dcf93bdf8


      contextRef=i95a18c7f37d44b16a9528c9af61a6500_I20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMjktMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmMyOTVhODRmMTFiNDRkYTJhMGEzZDkwYTU2ZTEwOTUxXzE5NzkxMjA5MzAwMTQ1_e32cd4ce-ec23-44cb-ab8f-971d064c19fd


      contextRef=i95a18c7f37d44b16a9528c9af61a6500_I20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMjktMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmMyOTVhODRmMTFiNDRkYTJhMGEzZDkwYTU2ZTEwOTUxXzE5NzkxMjA5MzAwMTg0_0e98a958-ce36-45b8-8e36-5d9049f69525


      contextRef=ib0f1632711fb46a6b7f8229b5a273f78_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMjktMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmMyOTVhODRmMTFiNDRkYTJhMGEzZDkwYTU2ZTEwOTUxXzE5NzkxMjA5MzAwMTg0_741a3392-a0af-47dc-8856-90863bddd013


      contextRef=ib0f1632711fb46a6b7f8229b5a273f78_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMjktMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmMyOTVhODRmMTFiNDRkYTJhMGEzZDkwYTU2ZTEwOTUxXzE5NzkxMjA5MzAwMTk3_18c32da0-a31a-4469-a752-fc3da757f499


      contextRef=ib0f1632711fb46a6b7f8229b5a273f78_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMjktMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmMyOTVhODRmMTFiNDRkYTJhMGEzZDkwYTU2ZTEwOTUxXzE5NzkxMjA5MzAwMTk3_6bc33d40-276a-4c94-ae7d-f319f9d7dd59


      contextRef=i95a18c7f37d44b16a9528c9af61a6500_I20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMjktMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmMyOTVhODRmMTFiNDRkYTJhMGEzZDkwYTU2ZTEwOTUxXzE5NzkxMjA5MzAwMjM2_29da5ca4-0261-4571-99cf-13ccdcfc7ab8


      contextRef=i95a18c7f37d44b16a9528c9af61a6500_I20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMjktMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmMyOTVhODRmMTFiNDRkYTJhMGEzZDkwYTU2ZTEwOTUxXzE5NzkxMjA5MzAwMjM2_d5bdc0cb-da68-47d9-a991-8e575c967314


      contextRef=ib0f1632711fb46a6b7f8229b5a273f78_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMjktMS0xLTEtMA_9c3ee546-04a2-4e19-afab-150103b53ede


      contextRef=i95a18c7f37d44b16a9528c9af61a6500_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMjktNC0xLTEtMA_6e162048-8a1d-487b-bdf2-1fbd3fc13294


      contextRef=ia3d62ba0db8946ed8b8ec3930fd0fba2_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMzAtMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjEyZGU2YTg5NDEzOTQwZWM5YTMxM2MxNzRiYzA5NTVkXzE5NzkxMjA5MzAwMTQ4_24aa6410-8691-4f1a-a6a2-3dc4117008c4


      contextRef=ib45a644550b04b7783c478984cb2b3fc_I20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMzAtMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjEyZGU2YTg5NDEzOTQwZWM5YTMxM2MxNzRiYzA5NTVkXzE5NzkxMjA5MzAwMTQ4_bb7db453-19b7-4c47-98e2-c0d49f4dfa00


      contextRef=ib45a644550b04b7783c478984cb2b3fc_I20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMzAtMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjEyZGU2YTg5NDEzOTQwZWM5YTMxM2MxNzRiYzA5NTVkXzE5NzkxMjA5MzAwMTYx_5161799f-9541-4300-8792-77107f8dc561


      contextRef=ia3d62ba0db8946ed8b8ec3930fd0fba2_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMzAtMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjEyZGU2YTg5NDEzOTQwZWM5YTMxM2MxNzRiYzA5NTVkXzE5NzkxMjA5MzAwMTYx_6cbb3d20-bbf3-448e-8813-230254f455e3


      contextRef=ia3d62ba0db8946ed8b8ec3930fd0fba2_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMzAtMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjEyZGU2YTg5NDEzOTQwZWM5YTMxM2MxNzRiYzA5NTVkXzE5NzkxMjA5MzAwMTcz_3d6e3c3f-136f-49b3-9a81-0490870cec08


      contextRef=ia3d62ba0db8946ed8b8ec3930fd0fba2_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMzAtMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjEyZGU2YTg5NDEzOTQwZWM5YTMxM2MxNzRiYzA5NTVkXzE5NzkxMjA5MzAwMTcz_c6594ebc-6278-403e-a903-6c0a5c8ee223


      contextRef=ib45a644550b04b7783c478984cb2b3fc_I20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMzAtMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjEyZGU2YTg5NDEzOTQwZWM5YTMxM2MxNzRiYzA5NTVkXzE5NzkxMjA5MzAwMjA5_0da696de-1e28-4f34-ae35-66423cf1b07c


      contextRef=ib45a644550b04b7783c478984cb2b3fc_I20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMzAtMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjEyZGU2YTg5NDEzOTQwZWM5YTMxM2MxNzRiYzA5NTVkXzE5NzkxMjA5MzAwMjA5_ccfec481-8287-4355-b01d-f8bbf5bdd9a2


      contextRef=ia3d62ba0db8946ed8b8ec3930fd0fba2_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMzAtMS0xLTEtMA_44546cea-c1f4-4641-ae39-7200c78e4482


      contextRef=ib45a644550b04b7783c478984cb2b3fc_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMzAtNC0xLTEtMA_39c335c5-dde0-4e33-99da-a6f6a4860f7a


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMzEtMS0xLTEtMA_672ddb9b-49df-453e-ad2e-88c841c0f894


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMzEtNC0xLTEtMA_8e56f447-de1c-4d16-9c96-e0bf40b55903


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMzItMS0xLTEtMA_61ee2ace-fc54-4f6d-8142-c9cb34421e2a


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMzItNC0xLTEtMA_162e5343-be85-4e33-9573-e49dc7ab81e8


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMzMtMS0xLTEtMA_8740937e-4709-46fe-9993-267e402d17db


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMzMtNC0xLTEtMA_42f16995-3c98-4a45-b1fd-1211a17f34e5


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMzQtMS0xLTEtMA_c753df35-7cb9-4032-9b54-eb0ef790593d


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMzQtNC0xLTEtMA_45310f2c-dbe1-4c3b-9b19-ac5b17548112


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMzUtMS0xLTEtMA_8cf43148-d819-4634-a4a4-29736d80f5ed


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMzUtNC0xLTEtMA_b19a1860-c483-4660-b5cf-161dd2f91c73


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMzYtMS0xLTEtMA_6fe5fe48-ba86-4835-b4e5-8f3a26f3521e


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N181NS9mcmFnOmQ1OWQwYjIyMjRiNDQyN2Q5MzczMzQ1MGM5YjBlYzU3L3RhYmxlOjMxOTVhOTRhYTRkNDQyZDJhMmNjNTFiMzEzMWQxNDk1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzE5NWE5NGFhNGQ0NDJkMmEyY2M1MWIzMTMxZDE0OTVfMzYtNC0xLTEtMA_1b200e74-04a0-435c-bc5a-cc6971fbed26


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMi0xLTEtMS0w_3b31fbb6-d035-4d6c-8380-96ae11daec0b


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMi0zLTEtMS0w_1bad4a69-4dfc-4c69-bdfd-5242eafd3250


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMi01LTEtMS0w_a6b9c53a-757b-47df-b9f5-c87a060ab18e


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMy0xLTEtMS0w_3c7b7238-db4d-46b6-916e-c186c6cb3a0c


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMy0zLTEtMS0w_e7f07de6-78e1-4606-a793-4a78f4cbd516


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMy01LTEtMS0w_52403254-2710-42d2-a12c-7b6521109527


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfNS0xLTEtMS0w_7b0408a1-eec5-4ed7-ace6-fcf60b472ad2


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfNS0zLTEtMS0w_5979dcb4-d711-4bfb-9882-14e708c04d55


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfNS01LTEtMS0w_9f5a68f5-ad62-4330-9082-53969569e443


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfOC0xLTEtMS0w_689ed958-22e9-498c-a73b-bbe3932b79e7


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfOC0zLTEtMS0w_0ed2a505-a799-4189-91d7-94c4cdc80cea


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfOC01LTEtMS0w_4aa9c6a8-8784-4fad-a774-26572b8c97a5


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfOS0xLTEtMS0w_030e670a-ddde-479f-8bec-ba81708ef179


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfOS0zLTEtMS0w_5ccb7dcf-e452-4a2b-af0a-5ae542609f9c


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfOS01LTEtMS0w_4a85593a-e8c9-4a62-bc2b-eb6265913c7a


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMTAtMS0xLTEtMA_61c906c8-2b37-49c6-ae05-555b2363f041


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMTAtMy0xLTEtMA_fb730962-728b-4b1b-a87c-af27a5aadf0c


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMTAtNS0xLTEtMA_4f324069-943c-43d0-a747-b3a9a99e6b36


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMTItMS0xLTEtMA_0bb82e2d-a61b-41b6-a8ad-21585a642649


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMTItMy0xLTEtMA_50c2be92-c9c7-4a89-8d3a-6f98078fc779


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMTItNS0xLTEtMA_220af88d-bb07-424b-a780-4e03ddf0a515


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMTQtMS0xLTEtMA_e44ba0ed-4941-4955-a06d-38914a166b9f


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMTQtMy0xLTEtMA_96012edf-0c1b-42a6-91b1-f6748fee6008


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMTQtNS0xLTEtMA_c5eaee1f-fb14-490e-b27b-8f380b2536fb


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMTYtMS0xLTEtMA_2450b67d-1050-494e-8975-7f804bc26a46


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMTYtMy0xLTEtMA_9989cc29-6244-4ac7-8049-f3a9099107d4


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMTYtNS0xLTEtMA_3cd7d5d8-72bf-4acf-9adc-f40e3919f202


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMTYtMS0xLTEtODU5MQ_e8530821-8738-435f-8b6b-3410cb690671


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMTYtMy0xLTEtODU5Nw_99194f4a-a183-4c63-9564-bee840887c80


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMTYtNS0xLTEtODU5Nw_17cc086e-aece-4ecc-b021-2e4510f574c5


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMTctMS0xLTEtMA_737645bd-61ed-42f9-8fae-eb02c3363afd


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMTctMy0xLTEtMA_28cd158a-76e8-46ae-b628-fe045a7e1119


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMTctNS0xLTEtMA_810f8468-91c2-4649-96e7-2147aa22e12c


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMTgtMS0xLTEtMA_72a8adcf-871d-4e8d-bb5c-26ff234dc111


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMTgtMy0xLTEtMA_79669874-e910-47cf-9a78-f69a06c05383


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMTgtNS0xLTEtMA_6f114449-7b58-461b-876e-3dcff4a63639


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMTktMS0xLTEtMA_eedfd66e-a815-4118-a6fe-6ead6fc115f8


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMTktMy0xLTEtMA_3da32962-09db-4a18-9ed5-1f2d7573c407


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMTktNS0xLTEtMA_54984f8b-4ebc-4657-8344-417eb07fdb44


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMjEtMS0xLTEtMA_653ccb90-4b7a-4cce-8457-97d8929be505


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMjEtMy0xLTEtMA_4510e1ae-51da-4413-95d3-2ae7101482f2


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMjEtNS0xLTEtMA_a5926d78-8026-4afe-9dc1-5d2d2e120b85


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMjItMS0xLTEtMA_be5f5756-4b99-41c3-aec1-4dd4eec253d9


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMjItMy0xLTEtMA_1d02e075-6f2e-49cc-8633-77c2e73f0976


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMjItNS0xLTEtMA_81590473-c190-445e-8f5f-263800f402dd


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMjMtMS0xLTEtMA_5e2375e1-283d-486f-a125-3e0eb99a091c


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMjMtMy0xLTEtMA_51037348-8a28-4d0d-9685-ea75c8a35555


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMjMtNS0xLTEtMA_dab18793-3f31-4d96-84c8-1afb4cd52cf2


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMjQtMS0xLTEtMA_e5cf0ac1-a138-473e-826e-3cc111d39127


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMjQtMy0xLTEtMA_36b73cbe-f5b7-4d03-b55e-6f19945bd396


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMjQtNS0xLTEtMA_0eac646f-245c-48f3-b335-1b1cf77a6840


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMjUtMS0xLTEtMA_3ca5c074-6128-4f91-8089-5d4936764844


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMjUtMy0xLTEtMA_aaf85e45-3151-458c-a381-8b04e410c89c


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMjUtNS0xLTEtMA_69ec143e-2d81-42fb-bee9-e3dc10eb45d3


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMjYtMS0xLTEtMA_65660006-4b44-4f5b-9aca-5d47e60312ca


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMjYtMy0xLTEtMA_32ecd30c-02f5-44a3-9f6f-4b6e27707c43


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMjYtNS0xLTEtMA_661aba71-08ab-498a-8f9f-3cc180b6c0a2


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMjctMS0xLTEtMA_9b17592d-0a68-4fff-a224-b17dc63f2992


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMjctMy0xLTEtMA_583e2c37-2a79-4a46-96cb-ce28452ebb88


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMjctNS0xLTEtMA_397f22f5-38d9-4a67-b3a0-115fed27c2c6


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMjgtMS0xLTEtMA_983ec965-4b43-4f07-aba3-7c1101bab4fc


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMjgtMy0xLTEtMA_a9737b1e-1ab1-41b2-8da0-825d0fd463e8


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMjgtNS0xLTEtMA_9808187c-fa83-448e-b7c9-fe1d84538cdb


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMjktMS0xLTEtMA_1ea9e7a4-9098-4470-a2bf-4caa9e12ca93


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMjktMy0xLTEtMA_2b0bf656-5a87-442c-bf01-ad449ef37e89


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMjktNS0xLTEtMA_5957ea85-8c6c-40ee-a15b-03ed91775afd


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMzItMS0xLTEtMA_41cf4a28-69b1-4624-80c5-9e1a2b73227f


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMzItMy0xLTEtMA_5e04f896-7dc5-4a74-9f3f-87b0f41cc05c


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMzItNS0xLTEtMA_5a85a651-af6c-4125-a465-bfcaf9e599af


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMzMtMS0xLTEtMA_a0743150-f2b8-484c-a3b5-0af74a471f03


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMzMtMy0xLTEtMA_3c87ca0f-0601-41f8-83ad-8516301dbff3


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMzMtNS0xLTEtMA_cf5aa06e-8109-4b2b-ad87-d4cebfed57d5


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMzUtMS0xLTEtMA_8032ad15-1beb-45a1-9067-b36f6d447184


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMzUtMy0xLTEtMA_571c3fae-223c-4d28-af61-1ce1b0364f3e


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMzUtNS0xLTEtMA_16e67f2f-2c58-4ef8-af5d-2ab1038e63c9


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMzYtMS0xLTEtMA_88ed2baf-79a5-4afd-bc1a-a0dc051b4d5f


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMzYtMy0xLTEtMA_365510cb-faca-4cf9-8369-2d816c42ad04


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182MS9mcmFnOjZjMTFhZmNkNTI2ODQ5OTM4NzdkMzQ1YTBjMTRlNzgyL3RhYmxlOjQ1ZDYyNjFmNGM1ZTRiMWZhMDBlY2YwNzBlYTBkYjE0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVkNjI2MWY0YzVlNGIxZmEwMGVjZjA3MGVhMGRiMTRfMzYtNS0xLTEtMA_49a1a591-3c0e-4243-934e-c163ed4ab453


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182NC9mcmFnOmI4Mjg2MTJhYTg1ZTRhMDJhOWZiMTc0ZWQ2MmZiODMxL3RhYmxlOmU3YjNjMzk3ZTIyOTRmMjNhMGQyMTk5Y2FiYTNiNjAzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTdiM2MzOTdlMjI5NGYyM2EwZDIxOTljYWJhM2I2MDNfMi0xLTEtMS0w_9b17592d-0a68-4fff-a224-b17dc63f2992


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182NC9mcmFnOmI4Mjg2MTJhYTg1ZTRhMDJhOWZiMTc0ZWQ2MmZiODMxL3RhYmxlOmU3YjNjMzk3ZTIyOTRmMjNhMGQyMTk5Y2FiYTNiNjAzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTdiM2MzOTdlMjI5NGYyM2EwZDIxOTljYWJhM2I2MDNfMi0zLTEtMS0w_583e2c37-2a79-4a46-96cb-ce28452ebb88


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182NC9mcmFnOmI4Mjg2MTJhYTg1ZTRhMDJhOWZiMTc0ZWQ2MmZiODMxL3RhYmxlOmU3YjNjMzk3ZTIyOTRmMjNhMGQyMTk5Y2FiYTNiNjAzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTdiM2MzOTdlMjI5NGYyM2EwZDIxOTljYWJhM2I2MDNfMi01LTEtMS0w_397f22f5-38d9-4a67-b3a0-115fed27c2c6


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182NC9mcmFnOmI4Mjg2MTJhYTg1ZTRhMDJhOWZiMTc0ZWQ2MmZiODMxL3RhYmxlOmU3YjNjMzk3ZTIyOTRmMjNhMGQyMTk5Y2FiYTNiNjAzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTdiM2MzOTdlMjI5NGYyM2EwZDIxOTljYWJhM2I2MDNfNC0xLTEtMS0w_2ae3c9c6-e9b3-4e37-b5cc-39700f1c49ef


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182NC9mcmFnOmI4Mjg2MTJhYTg1ZTRhMDJhOWZiMTc0ZWQ2MmZiODMxL3RhYmxlOmU3YjNjMzk3ZTIyOTRmMjNhMGQyMTk5Y2FiYTNiNjAzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTdiM2MzOTdlMjI5NGYyM2EwZDIxOTljYWJhM2I2MDNfNC0zLTEtMS0w_dcae20b9-85c7-46e9-a366-c0eb118c6257


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182NC9mcmFnOmI4Mjg2MTJhYTg1ZTRhMDJhOWZiMTc0ZWQ2MmZiODMxL3RhYmxlOmU3YjNjMzk3ZTIyOTRmMjNhMGQyMTk5Y2FiYTNiNjAzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTdiM2MzOTdlMjI5NGYyM2EwZDIxOTljYWJhM2I2MDNfNC01LTEtMS0w_a206ddd8-7a38-4740-8a5b-de6c8a84bf51


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182NC9mcmFnOmI4Mjg2MTJhYTg1ZTRhMDJhOWZiMTc0ZWQ2MmZiODMxL3RhYmxlOmU3YjNjMzk3ZTIyOTRmMjNhMGQyMTk5Y2FiYTNiNjAzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTdiM2MzOTdlMjI5NGYyM2EwZDIxOTljYWJhM2I2MDNfNS0xLTEtMS0w_542a0a7a-4886-4b9b-afc8-6562bd03792c


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182NC9mcmFnOmI4Mjg2MTJhYTg1ZTRhMDJhOWZiMTc0ZWQ2MmZiODMxL3RhYmxlOmU3YjNjMzk3ZTIyOTRmMjNhMGQyMTk5Y2FiYTNiNjAzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTdiM2MzOTdlMjI5NGYyM2EwZDIxOTljYWJhM2I2MDNfNS0zLTEtMS0w_acad2b0c-daa3-433f-8041-3062d884df91


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182NC9mcmFnOmI4Mjg2MTJhYTg1ZTRhMDJhOWZiMTc0ZWQ2MmZiODMxL3RhYmxlOmU3YjNjMzk3ZTIyOTRmMjNhMGQyMTk5Y2FiYTNiNjAzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTdiM2MzOTdlMjI5NGYyM2EwZDIxOTljYWJhM2I2MDNfNS01LTEtMS0w_542795b7-d138-4eaf-bc19-933674176192


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182NC9mcmFnOmI4Mjg2MTJhYTg1ZTRhMDJhOWZiMTc0ZWQ2MmZiODMxL3RhYmxlOmU3YjNjMzk3ZTIyOTRmMjNhMGQyMTk5Y2FiYTNiNjAzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTdiM2MzOTdlMjI5NGYyM2EwZDIxOTljYWJhM2I2MDNfNi0xLTEtMS0w_e5157cd9-edf2-4434-95b5-0c3873f35593


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182NC9mcmFnOmI4Mjg2MTJhYTg1ZTRhMDJhOWZiMTc0ZWQ2MmZiODMxL3RhYmxlOmU3YjNjMzk3ZTIyOTRmMjNhMGQyMTk5Y2FiYTNiNjAzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTdiM2MzOTdlMjI5NGYyM2EwZDIxOTljYWJhM2I2MDNfNi0zLTEtMS0w_039c494a-4325-4c7f-9390-98a0d6ce81e4


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182NC9mcmFnOmI4Mjg2MTJhYTg1ZTRhMDJhOWZiMTc0ZWQ2MmZiODMxL3RhYmxlOmU3YjNjMzk3ZTIyOTRmMjNhMGQyMTk5Y2FiYTNiNjAzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTdiM2MzOTdlMjI5NGYyM2EwZDIxOTljYWJhM2I2MDNfNi01LTEtMS0w_41b6e1fb-3ef7-460d-b040-d1690e070aea


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182NC9mcmFnOmI4Mjg2MTJhYTg1ZTRhMDJhOWZiMTc0ZWQ2MmZiODMxL3RhYmxlOmU3YjNjMzk3ZTIyOTRmMjNhMGQyMTk5Y2FiYTNiNjAzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTdiM2MzOTdlMjI5NGYyM2EwZDIxOTljYWJhM2I2MDNfNy0xLTEtMS0w_08d008d1-506c-4477-ae97-a534284f0474


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182NC9mcmFnOmI4Mjg2MTJhYTg1ZTRhMDJhOWZiMTc0ZWQ2MmZiODMxL3RhYmxlOmU3YjNjMzk3ZTIyOTRmMjNhMGQyMTk5Y2FiYTNiNjAzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTdiM2MzOTdlMjI5NGYyM2EwZDIxOTljYWJhM2I2MDNfNy0zLTEtMS0w_164117c1-e5c5-4626-9c2c-919fd57684d1


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182NC9mcmFnOmI4Mjg2MTJhYTg1ZTRhMDJhOWZiMTc0ZWQ2MmZiODMxL3RhYmxlOmU3YjNjMzk3ZTIyOTRmMjNhMGQyMTk5Y2FiYTNiNjAzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTdiM2MzOTdlMjI5NGYyM2EwZDIxOTljYWJhM2I2MDNfNy01LTEtMS0w_cda21e29-cf36-49ad-9d4f-a5f43ff619df


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182NC9mcmFnOmI4Mjg2MTJhYTg1ZTRhMDJhOWZiMTc0ZWQ2MmZiODMxL3RhYmxlOmU3YjNjMzk3ZTIyOTRmMjNhMGQyMTk5Y2FiYTNiNjAzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTdiM2MzOTdlMjI5NGYyM2EwZDIxOTljYWJhM2I2MDNfOC0xLTEtMS0w_b58876cc-5b93-4e04-bdad-494827a3311e


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182NC9mcmFnOmI4Mjg2MTJhYTg1ZTRhMDJhOWZiMTc0ZWQ2MmZiODMxL3RhYmxlOmU3YjNjMzk3ZTIyOTRmMjNhMGQyMTk5Y2FiYTNiNjAzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTdiM2MzOTdlMjI5NGYyM2EwZDIxOTljYWJhM2I2MDNfOC0zLTEtMS0w_1a481e02-9e08-4068-be1c-5792866d9271


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182NC9mcmFnOmI4Mjg2MTJhYTg1ZTRhMDJhOWZiMTc0ZWQ2MmZiODMxL3RhYmxlOmU3YjNjMzk3ZTIyOTRmMjNhMGQyMTk5Y2FiYTNiNjAzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTdiM2MzOTdlMjI5NGYyM2EwZDIxOTljYWJhM2I2MDNfOC01LTEtMS0w_08d39d5d-e3be-4e87-b39e-ad639d33d3f5


      contextRef=i56a24be7dc6e4f64b95eeacd0b59e417_I20161231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfOC0xLTEtMS0w_dc029d56-810f-4c5e-a97b-909f8cb9f659


      contextRef=i56a24be7dc6e4f64b95eeacd0b59e417_I20161231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfOC0zLTEtMS0w_94a83e01-1de5-404c-89cb-703f227e5989


      contextRef=i04b867f1ccc04144a1354fe69e1e1065_I20161231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfOC01LTEtMS0w_15097eb0-ef0a-444b-9865-a081afb69c21


      contextRef=i04b867f1ccc04144a1354fe69e1e1065_I20161231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfOC03LTEtMS0w_3babf920-0fcf-483e-85b0-240bd242dc1b


      contextRef=iff798ed8abd14e2e84efda4276225a40_I20161231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfOC05LTEtMS0w_12c742cc-909e-4084-a942-eba12dce6536


      contextRef=i746161ebef8749e591717a1bc04cf0ac_I20161231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfOC0xMS0xLTEtMA_f395868c-83bd-476d-9abd-bcbe83605462


      contextRef=ie3f976a1e92f4b4289f0dfdf77dfd990_I20161231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfOC0xMy0xLTEtMA_e3d785b6-386a-4ab9-848a-7bac242cbb63


      contextRef=ia24ad7764bdf436a8b7c9aacc9fd9461_I20161231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfOC0xNS0xLTEtMA_525c5beb-e7b1-4ae0-a4ef-5671385709ba


      contextRef=i1aa101335d924dcdaa4ce54136fca9ff_I20161231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfOC0xNy0xLTEtMA_1b05c243-1270-42ab-bead-6c27f910659f


      contextRef=i805b2d3f17374e05a489a2e725f35f0e_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfOS0xMS0xLTEtMA_24a7cd9e-9c06-48e3-9de0-d049b8c1563b


      contextRef=i17d2e0f6990946739e055f7f1b142abd_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfOS0xMy0xLTEtMA_5a41255c-451a-4a8e-b8f9-2ecde5271fd1


      contextRef=i05cf4b4ec99b40aeab339cc4838d5c4c_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfOS0xNS0xLTEtMA_f0aa1d85-2561-4bab-9a82-6d37025ffcdb


      contextRef=i81996da0b30e47119bef8ddd1a31340b_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfOS0xNy0xLTEtMA_ce259d09-e6c0-4559-96eb-ef1ed29836d0


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMTAtMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjkxYmY4NWJhZGU4ZjQyZjA5MTdmMDE3YWJmYjBkZjA5XzE5NzkxMjA5MzAwMDMz_e894e74a-c9e4-4ff3-ae80-ff442445114b


      contextRef=iddc6bf431aac46929cf4729ba7271a56_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMTAtMS0xLTEtMA_7488bce5-dd36-4f61-afcf-d34e861146c1


      contextRef=id7d633a4b314456d9da789515fd766d0_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMTAtOS0xLTEtMA_173d43d8-0ad6-4678-8328-ffa2e97beeef


      contextRef=i05cf4b4ec99b40aeab339cc4838d5c4c_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMTAtMTUtMS0xLTA_c579b1d1-fe24-4a49-af88-7c70f72c951a


      contextRef=iddc6bf431aac46929cf4729ba7271a56_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMTEtMS0xLTEtMA_7fa24237-bb7c-4d85-b5bc-4d24c12657c1


      contextRef=i30424a64120f48d7af04bb4969cec6b2_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMTEtNS0xLTEtMA_7073dfc6-5a74-440e-9255-0cdc527db66d


      contextRef=id7d633a4b314456d9da789515fd766d0_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMTEtOS0xLTEtMA_d9d16711-6229-4273-995f-2e1d2732bcb3


      contextRef=i05cf4b4ec99b40aeab339cc4838d5c4c_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMTEtMTUtMS0xLTA_7e795d2f-f5a5-4c24-8897-da3e774d4cf5


      contextRef=i81996da0b30e47119bef8ddd1a31340b_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMTEtMTctMS0xLTA_35bd9ff8-57f3-461d-8bbe-206a4bb41ac4


      contextRef=i81996da0b30e47119bef8ddd1a31340b_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMTItMTctMS0xLTA_d0def5c5-c1b7-49f5-8a08-3d8ab91ed11d


      contextRef=id7d633a4b314456d9da789515fd766d0_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMTMtOS0xLTEtMA_9ce6e4b0-e5f4-4c30-bc1c-171eee886c3c


      contextRef=i05cf4b4ec99b40aeab339cc4838d5c4c_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMTMtMTUtMS0xLTA_48bf8d3a-0e54-4e3b-b8f0-b8b70aa32c45


      contextRef=iddc6bf431aac46929cf4729ba7271a56_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMTQtMS0xLTEtMA_56a339dc-7734-4fd4-b7dc-3227f2212148


      contextRef=id7d633a4b314456d9da789515fd766d0_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMTQtOS0xLTEtMA_2e206254-97d2-4bfe-b8ce-b9f6d0459111


      contextRef=i05cf4b4ec99b40aeab339cc4838d5c4c_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMTQtMTUtMS0xLTA_da584974-6cba-4215-ada1-e40e333f046f


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMTUtMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmY2M2FmMGU2MzExNDQ0MWJiZTk4MTQ5OTg0Y2U3ZTJhXzE5NzkxMjA5MzAwMDU2_2dae069a-7521-4115-97ae-b6062a2e6fc7


      contextRef=id7d633a4b314456d9da789515fd766d0_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMTUtOS0xLTEtMA_1811d0ce-b119-4d61-8bf6-a59775ed444b


      contextRef=i05cf4b4ec99b40aeab339cc4838d5c4c_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMTUtMTUtMS0xLTA_40f537d6-9574-4718-810e-53a475b9d61a


      contextRef=i365639c6d39743909e104d44f761b8b8_I20171231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMTYtMS0xLTEtMA_eb5ab4ad-864f-4f50-bfc0-44a2576897d2


      contextRef=i365639c6d39743909e104d44f761b8b8_I20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMTYtMy0xLTEtMA_20a8b489-1580-4a63-a8db-6ac7ae16ff97


      contextRef=i0465d48125fa4453a4270014d42f2d93_I20171231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMTYtNS0xLTEtMA_6a3916af-e448-4acc-9e88-7a9ee10cbed5


      contextRef=i0465d48125fa4453a4270014d42f2d93_I20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMTYtNy0xLTEtMA_91616d9e-03d6-4ccb-9092-683aa7646476


      contextRef=i562d75b8124d4d538d29540c82b26281_I20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMTYtOS0xLTEtMA_9117243a-49cb-4b7c-a3fd-906e7eeeb243


      contextRef=i1ba1f6d5da83461183a602e22238216d_I20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMTYtMTEtMS0xLTA_3e8038e8-565a-4ff0-8373-f7d9784ab63f


      contextRef=ife54e698a461498b8f71d00b40a47826_I20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMTYtMTMtMS0xLTA_53e22aad-f835-498d-a353-5dc62c52d2bd


      contextRef=i0e1e03a333ea4cdf97cad01b3ee0045c_I20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMTYtMTUtMS0xLTA_ae232b01-4cd9-42af-97dc-dfb421840de1


      contextRef=ib7613dd1d1784b029561c861a0d3b55b_I20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMTYtMTctMS0xLTA_059c6473-9aa9-4771-992a-973389f521aa


      contextRef=i19b405041d47469fa0bc60c1ee013c13_D20180101-20180101
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMTctMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjYzMjU0ZmEyNmI1ZTQ2OTQ4ZGY3NjM2YmNjM2JiYjViXzE5NzkxMjA5MzAwMDM4_b05f8149-6492-4fdc-870b-1f3571be7871


      contextRef=iefbb2646d655474caef0b96d5139bfad_I20180101
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMTctMTEtMS0xLTA_e72bd92b-2736-4e4c-94ce-340ef4914326


      contextRef=i280023a307794471ad7f8a52d7bccb46_I20180101
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMTctMTMtMS0xLTA_5c33e29e-5053-454c-8ae0-267c3debcafb


      contextRef=if98de76deb9b4d1bbcc747b5423950a6_I20180101
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMTctMTUtMS0xLTA_26cecb8c-8a70-4840-a638-6bfda0e22c12


      contextRef=i6e8de245e4cf450999439541346effea_I20180101
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMTctMTctMS0xLTA_df43b7ea-1b3c-49ce-afc2-6bd504bacf72


      contextRef=id156ce84dc5947eea34b9da4fc6a9829_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMTgtMTEtMS0xLTA_e41f6d8e-29bf-4f22-9846-d8fac6d6888f


      contextRef=if6581fb11dd5445c880160d31f32f263_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMTgtMTMtMS0xLTA_e6e91096-8611-4ab2-a2c4-2133c1f9f492


      contextRef=i2853a6ab9cd34a6685d6e002374678ee_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMTgtMTUtMS0xLTA_b596219b-58a8-4e16-a10f-fc78cbb0a462


      contextRef=i08931d6775974de8b1c1e0e01da8413b_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMTgtMTctMS0xLTA_1c4e0437-47f1-43e7-8dc2-295dead435bd


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMTktMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmFlYzE3NTI4M2EyNjQ2YWY4MGE0MzEzNWI2YTdhZWYxXzE5NzkxMjA5MzAwMDI5_ed0b61b9-43d6-411c-a834-5e19e9f350b0


      contextRef=iccafd127fcd1403eba07b4d1ce93d087_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMTktMS0xLTEtMA_6c8e3483-1b02-4e8c-bd11-32cf08d2cf04


      contextRef=i7aa92951307e4d7b81cf58e026c669c5_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMTktOS0xLTEtMA_a43b54a9-fae4-49b2-a8e7-a19925ca1eb7


      contextRef=i2853a6ab9cd34a6685d6e002374678ee_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMTktMTUtMS0xLTA_189b796a-8cfc-4a14-a00e-33ce6aceb888


      contextRef=iccafd127fcd1403eba07b4d1ce93d087_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjAtMS0xLTEtMA_b67bed4f-7e6c-4470-8736-c58995c381a4


      contextRef=i7e8f3c41ce01456589c13d8099ac0d91_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjAtNS0xLTEtMA_e7bd65b4-6c4e-4f04-b96c-898bf9c82285


      contextRef=i7aa92951307e4d7b81cf58e026c669c5_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjAtOS0xLTEtMA_16693a2f-9bc0-454d-a04c-be26d2b65dbb


      contextRef=i2853a6ab9cd34a6685d6e002374678ee_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjAtMTUtMS0xLTA_5d61f025-4f11-4c43-966e-41a2e8e045b1


      contextRef=i08931d6775974de8b1c1e0e01da8413b_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjAtMTctMS0xLTA_8cd10ac4-6137-4dce-9a22-ce79aa8f0b4f


      contextRef=i08931d6775974de8b1c1e0e01da8413b_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjEtMTctMS0xLTA_98f029c0-a933-4749-ae1f-3554364940b0


      contextRef=i7aa92951307e4d7b81cf58e026c669c5_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjItOS0xLTEtMA_8a189e3b-62d8-4791-969c-294aa687a05a


      contextRef=i2853a6ab9cd34a6685d6e002374678ee_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjItMTUtMS0xLTA_7c9a1ddf-1fd3-4bfc-a19d-2628cc332cd5


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjMtMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyNjdjY2U3OGFjZTRkY2Q4N2VhNmE1MWZiNmFkNWY2XzE5NzkxMjA5MzAwMDUw_ee9b7b41-648d-4f10-8ace-0825ff9ef34d


      contextRef=i7aa92951307e4d7b81cf58e026c669c5_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjMtOS0xLTEtMA_d7097b7d-5664-4ecc-bf0f-314acb48dbb9


      contextRef=i2853a6ab9cd34a6685d6e002374678ee_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjMtMTUtMS0xLTA_432a9536-b9eb-48aa-a8ca-490b9a42ac71


      contextRef=ia18ed6bab5c54c5a91627009fe1cc4c9_I20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjQtMS0xLTEtMA_34a4e0c7-63cf-42b0-bb56-4a6a279ae3f9


      contextRef=ia18ed6bab5c54c5a91627009fe1cc4c9_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjQtMy0xLTEtMA_a05f7dd9-d94e-472b-8a79-9f42596b0ac0


      contextRef=ic0b12f7a70f647e9bed50199ee747276_I20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjQtNS0xLTEtMA_8b0e566e-42f7-46c3-aeec-db7ecc48f5b0


      contextRef=ic0b12f7a70f647e9bed50199ee747276_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjQtNy0xLTEtMA_fd835a6d-b5aa-4b63-af83-36aeeb27d4e7


      contextRef=i3fdb4b8e5de24e76bf94985613e9891f_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjQtOS0xLTEtMA_e585fb79-5831-49cf-9fca-ba2f3a131347


      contextRef=i1e38d295093e4c37b278a321397af591_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjQtMTEtMS0xLTA_2f6460fd-f610-4b6f-a54e-e0408e62fab1


      contextRef=iab3e0d5f43a849a882703e584e734930_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjQtMTMtMS0xLTA_797c790f-da9a-4bc1-8308-26bf2ad67544


      contextRef=ie3434d5b9c464d43bb49044d98bbb8cb_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjQtMTUtMS0xLTA_7bfcdb1b-62dc-49a8-861e-ac9ec222cf04


      contextRef=iee4cdc80a4dc4b1f8a10a857ccccecc4_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjQtMTctMS0xLTA_6d6db300-0862-4b23-8327-74cb3139c269


      contextRef=i19a96584f8f24bb38198ac60c8b0a85b_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjAtMTEtMS0xLTY5NjU_e3c82af8-e18d-4618-a57b-5dbe2e0313c8


      contextRef=iad2c9da88cc842aea8d0bbe0037b3cfc_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjAtMTMtMS0xLTY5NjU_27fd0c2b-0ab3-499e-91a3-5dddff3a7603


      contextRef=i2dab46b5835c4164afb8b6362973b6f7_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjAtMTUtMS0xLTY5NjU_ff6f8157-b585-4d14-bdac-0d18ad595d58


      contextRef=ia042fd5467c84580a375a4e875b45353_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjAtMTctMS0xLTY5NjU_ebdc39cf-8611-49f9-97d0-3bf0c7a5fd0d


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjEtMC0xLTEtNjk2NS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjFmOTBlZWJkNzRiOTQxZWNhNjA1NThhZmRjMDJmY2Q1XzE5NzkxMjA5MzAwMDMz_55c06c37-bd02-46f0-b861-0443fa5360c3


      contextRef=ib8dbda8a2e5a4aadbedd7784e894e224_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjEtMS0xLTEtNjk3MQ_b6973767-79b8-478a-9478-0110035ee24b


      contextRef=i8f05a26cc1614c8cbb84a5867f809527_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjEtOS0xLTEtNjk2NQ_cf74fe86-33ca-4118-9d46-905b64354f7b


      contextRef=i2dab46b5835c4164afb8b6362973b6f7_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjEtMTUtMS0xLTY5NjU_92f9a877-a8fb-4578-a280-51a4c4c296f3


      contextRef=ib8dbda8a2e5a4aadbedd7784e894e224_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjItMS0xLTEtNjk3MQ_bf60f03f-b842-4b4c-b077-1bba38ace729


      contextRef=ib8dbda8a2e5a4aadbedd7784e894e224_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjItMy0xLTEtNjk3MQ_79ff14e2-bffc-463e-853d-f23be6588d36


      contextRef=i0794be76e75a4ce98fb26fc071e80d63_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjItNS0xLTEtNjk3MQ_3d5a8f67-41f3-46f0-951c-22db7f5b2eec


      contextRef=i0794be76e75a4ce98fb26fc071e80d63_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjItNy0xLTEtNjk3MQ_df34b46e-f4cc-49ce-a90e-ee0bbbd32f82


      contextRef=i8f05a26cc1614c8cbb84a5867f809527_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjItOS0xLTEtNjk2NQ_50d7c91c-1021-46e1-be28-0504fd8269ef


      contextRef=i19a96584f8f24bb38198ac60c8b0a85b_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjItMTEtMS0xLTY5NjU_8fac97fb-c1e9-444b-a44a-94dce53fe6c9


      contextRef=i2dab46b5835c4164afb8b6362973b6f7_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjItMTUtMS0xLTY5NjU_63b3104e-b28f-4e46-a79b-070babd9e2d2


      contextRef=ia042fd5467c84580a375a4e875b45353_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjItMTctMS0xLTY5NjU_1d054a24-75f3-44f1-8fe9-c95e9adb7988


      contextRef=ia042fd5467c84580a375a4e875b45353_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjMtMTctMS0xLTY5NjU_674abd04-c32b-46cf-b2bd-5d5c29175dea


      contextRef=ib8dbda8a2e5a4aadbedd7784e894e224_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjQtMS0xLTEtNjk3MQ_56e5591e-d73a-42b4-8c1f-cfe0bc598bde


      contextRef=i8f05a26cc1614c8cbb84a5867f809527_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjQtOS0xLTEtNjk2NQ_bc857094-2080-4d3d-b8d5-8dc94275eb5c


      contextRef=i2dab46b5835c4164afb8b6362973b6f7_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjQtMTUtMS0xLTY5NjU_178cd164-3e06-46fb-b6fb-d4876b64208d


      contextRef=i8f05a26cc1614c8cbb84a5867f809527_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjYtOS0xLTEtNjk2NQ_c3135dc0-76f4-4dd5-ac4f-6e7ee6f16451


      contextRef=i2dab46b5835c4164afb8b6362973b6f7_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjYtMTUtMS0xLTY5NjU_0fdc6c00-86fb-4645-aba2-2b7d4b93916a


      contextRef=ib8dbda8a2e5a4aadbedd7784e894e224_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjYtMS0xLTEtMTAwNjk_5f440a12-1211-47d7-b254-d2974a077570


      contextRef=i2dab46b5835c4164afb8b6362973b6f7_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjYtMTUtMS0xLTEwMDY5_a5a6f741-6c81-4bf8-b851-632f0e2e188d


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjctMC0xLTEtNjk2NS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjQ0NTdjOWQxZWMwNDQ1ZDc4MjVmM2JjYWZhYWY0YjE2XzE5NzkxMjA5MzAwMDU4_e25cac22-f463-4831-8e41-75c5b55108e0


      contextRef=i8f05a26cc1614c8cbb84a5867f809527_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjctOS0xLTEtNjk2NQ_63413d73-003e-48da-9038-bb125d9949c0


      contextRef=i2dab46b5835c4164afb8b6362973b6f7_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjctMTUtMS0xLTY5NjU_60444339-0912-4a1f-87cc-0e6a9910279e


      contextRef=iac5f19728f5f40e1a5f5f302ce1be269_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjgtMS0xLTEtNjk2NQ_d2e5b7f3-055b-435c-a9ea-7a73f43b3487


      contextRef=iac5f19728f5f40e1a5f5f302ce1be269_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjgtMy0xLTEtNjk2NQ_4d1285bf-c7ad-47e8-9d16-dbb1af8cad9a


      contextRef=i6b1512644a0f4fc4bb158951c819dbf0_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjgtNS0xLTEtNjk2NQ_d11f4788-3e80-466e-9828-9993eb6b3bc4


      contextRef=i6b1512644a0f4fc4bb158951c819dbf0_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjgtNy0xLTEtNjk2NQ_68f325cf-0ac2-4c9d-b9fb-9aead33405b7


      contextRef=iff4d4559aa40485aaa15ee4ed8591b00_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjgtOS0xLTEtNjk2NQ_cc3e1d28-f471-4d58-b48a-d86cc16d991b


      contextRef=i7d65a2aca83e4dbeacdc2770b6df9cfc_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjgtMTEtMS0xLTY5NjU_fd5b7f01-00c1-4b36-8e74-a2659990c5ba


      contextRef=if9ab556c52be4f0580423e8b9cab64f0_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjgtMTMtMS0xLTY5NjU_fb7a4af2-33fe-49f5-9670-ee303d396268


      contextRef=i44623505aefd41aea7044aab954bb209_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjgtMTUtMS0xLTY5NjU_e3bab3c2-5361-4540-9d9e-88c9cd1b8c3f


      contextRef=i5558050287514bc4bd2f54bd07941653_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N182Ny9mcmFnOjZmYTViYjYyY2U4MjRkNTFhZGQ5ZGM3YTRkOTM3NTJlL3RhYmxlOjMwNGUwODVkZjU3NDQxY2NhNjI5YTE1YmQwOTY5ZDM3L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzA0ZTA4NWRmNTc0NDFjY2E2MjlhMTViZDA5NjlkMzdfMjgtMTctMS0xLTY5NjU_dc8f51ef-91c2-4b42-8e9a-a4e8561ad8ab


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMy0xLTEtMS0w_f700d905-e4d3-4021-8416-95d7874b2360


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMy0zLTEtMS0w_be397a13-aec8-4854-bf07-06b1e3393c28


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMy01LTEtMS0w_7ce06857-b55d-4a9d-9259-e4ad18a7bf72


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfNC0xLTEtMS0w_31c8bd16-ce09-455f-a408-9a91e2de4fdc


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfNC0zLTEtMS0w_0d076923-e0dd-433b-8714-e0b03b70015c


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfNC01LTEtMS0w_4c1a1174-6bd3-4707-9b31-7a7c76bd0b3c


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfNS0xLTEtMS0w_f41c4bc7-94d5-42f3-bac2-5d035c0cc1c1


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfNS0zLTEtMS0w_3e268957-d2f8-4e7f-a76c-a18f87bed07b


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfNS01LTEtMS0w_6481cabb-8d10-4265-a43d-32164cb00536


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfNi0xLTEtMS0w_e351d411-26e3-457b-930e-3dac77532ed0


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfNi0zLTEtMS0w_fecf0e4d-4304-4902-abbd-89b11713247b


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfNi01LTEtMS0w_ff8467aa-9dbd-41fe-b5cc-0bcd48d735d6


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfNy0xLTEtMS0w_5c92c46c-e660-4d4b-b9d8-1bcd97985ffc


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfNy0zLTEtMS0w_6b2a8525-d8e4-4084-b8e6-737aef23a6b9


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfNy01LTEtMS0w_6e8920f4-ab1b-46bc-9592-dc0b05800d2b


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfOC0xLTEtMS0w_a4000a72-5b0f-457c-b9b9-39e84c74acaa


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfOC0zLTEtMS0w_eda71ee7-7c42-4b08-b869-603cc095e518


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfOC01LTEtMS0w_6f0e5d29-945a-463e-a3f6-0e4715a23ff5


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfOS0xLTEtMS02MTQ4_3cf294c7-500e-490b-9ff9-55fddc0195bb


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfOS0zLTEtMS02MTUw_a39a2c78-4903-41b3-8e75-4b33cafe5b99


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfOS01LTEtMS02MTUy_2f4e89d8-d8b5-4796-bdf6-cc1056e60753


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMTAtMS0xLTEtNjE0OA_776c5a69-c4ed-4144-bfe6-19ccf96abac1


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMTAtMy0xLTEtNjE1MA_889411f1-8abb-4dcb-9b0a-d7085c8d37ee


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMTAtNS0xLTEtNjE1Mg_e214d9f7-0d79-4c93-9c0a-376a99b576af


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfOS0xLTEtMS0w_64b021ca-751d-4310-8642-b11a8040498b


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfOS0zLTEtMS0w_3242f632-59f1-4618-bfcf-8995800b9052


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfOS01LTEtMS0w_02eaf872-137b-4c88-b17c-1bb3cd1bb18d


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMTAtMS0xLTEtMA_e55c1fca-d65b-4d8e-ad65-17f805cc07bb


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMTAtMy0xLTEtMA_41482d2c-0b80-461a-9935-90aae0c75c11


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMTAtNS0xLTEtMA_3dc4a2ba-bd85-426a-9437-3297ea2b9789


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMTEtMS0xLTEtMA_4e658712-1439-49d4-abaa-7d47c3a2e238


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMTEtMy0xLTEtMA_a5d25cfc-bb90-4477-bf06-2e89c8635cab


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMTEtNS0xLTEtMA_2603366b-0bf3-4644-b6e7-c6fb9c021bc3


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMTMtMS0xLTEtMA_a5fbceaa-acf3-4faa-a18f-127c63668607


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMTMtMy0xLTEtMA_8dec7d55-2c75-493d-901d-61bbdac618da


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMTMtNS0xLTEtMA_d07f36ce-d36d-4f4a-9fed-5a8c4bfc9f46


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMTQtMS0xLTEtMA_4aedeaf7-0a5b-4ee4-9e10-a975a112318f


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMTQtMy0xLTEtMA_ce118ad9-c2be-4ca5-ba34-0151c2b34023


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMTQtNS0xLTEtMA_f1a58ec8-bf34-4962-b57b-df7bdd8005f7


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMTUtMS0xLTEtMA_4e4f9b15-c8da-48f9-8ce0-8a668391ae81


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMTUtMy0xLTEtMA_cb1575d7-f094-4c90-a344-aa0d011f4bab


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMTUtNS0xLTEtMA_1b759581-71e3-4fd7-9819-22a3bd5c4df6


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMTYtMS0xLTEtMA_a6be1923-20a6-4a19-a876-a6d4a21571cc


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMTYtMy0xLTEtMA_c7672231-b077-4a1e-a44d-9191b7064ccb


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMTYtNS0xLTEtMA_7075f8dc-6865-44eb-b373-adcd63526e73


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMTctMS0xLTEtMA_cc1e8067-24b0-4dd9-b396-88c825ad66cf


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMTctMy0xLTEtMA_22b60fc0-382d-47b6-bda0-271b48fc28ba


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMTctNS0xLTEtMA_543ac94b-bd80-4326-a68e-0e58a4596897


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMTktMS0xLTEtMA_2f48c6d2-6946-4bba-9cb6-11e7ca30a36f


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMTktMy0xLTEtMA_39bf68f6-c996-4d8c-860a-2f094fa541b4


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMTktNS0xLTEtMA_9a40a8d9-a30b-40f4-b1c0-12be3d558193


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMjItMS0xLTEtMA_67ee56e6-e6b3-443e-b46b-bdb26821e9d8


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMjItMy0xLTEtMA_3e3134cc-4c18-41ad-a6a3-7b184274d920


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMjItNS0xLTEtMA_16f5af48-aab0-4f3d-8ba2-c06d6486bc0b


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMjMtMS0xLTEtMA_cd4bc4b9-306d-4792-a78b-88f053b3f365


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMjMtMy0xLTEtMA_89abf237-3aaf-41da-a43a-35587950abaa


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMjMtNS0xLTEtMA_6c2d8a57-49d0-4f4f-b682-340a39ef98bc


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMjQtMS0xLTEtMA_cbea69c8-21c8-405f-ab16-59f41c5b627f


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMjQtMy0xLTEtMA_dd0053f0-4a8c-4d51-8ad8-27a54872ac11


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMjQtNS0xLTEtMA_37ef1938-7d34-4c1c-a8f7-ebf2af49ad84


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMjctMS0xLTEtMA_0b2adc3e-7763-450d-9a95-a420382450e2


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMjctMy0xLTEtMA_9d2a48b6-82e3-4098-813f-8b31583660c8


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMjctNS0xLTEtMA_5f1659f0-e43b-4d77-9128-a6e9d64b9913


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMjctMS0xLTEtOTEyNg_67844cc9-0e0a-46cf-9369-f12ceab16929


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMjctMy0xLTEtOTEyNg_fc9bcaa0-fc33-4dc4-8c45-7f150f4656e2


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMjctNS0xLTEtOTEyNg_9bf53a7c-a94c-4582-8619-f1abcba07885


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMjgtMS0xLTEtMA_b5ec4bdf-3181-49b3-a2a5-656d1cafef9e


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMjgtMy0xLTEtMA_80bfbcc6-bea8-45c5-be7b-ad7e62af16a6


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMjgtNS0xLTEtMA_33e00cfa-1a28-456d-a79b-65e1be0931e9


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMzEtMS0xLTEtMA_f00fe5d3-4d12-4114-97be-3733ea2c4f45


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMzEtMy0xLTEtMA_5e2d1edf-eb0c-44fa-b0bd-214a5076e22f


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMzEtNS0xLTEtMA_53c043f7-2e62-4748-ae8d-bad32995295f


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMzQtMS0xLTEtMA_b4654a12-dcfd-41e7-a47d-cdb2f10ff5d3


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMzQtMy0xLTEtMA_ac9ad759-75d2-4976-88ab-d60023f665b9


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMzQtNS0xLTEtMA_b7429fb8-235d-4403-948a-6bb870fce9d0


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMzYtMS0xLTEtMA_84712577-490f-4669-967a-5f0ff33aac0c


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMzYtMy0xLTEtMA_88634469-6f13-4006-8fa1-4b899f6ea69c


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMzYtNS0xLTEtMA_32e21401-90ba-481a-9d15-b386b8e91871


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMzctMS0xLTEtMA_1406867b-82cc-4ef9-bcd9-2b88ceeecaa2


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMzctMy0xLTEtMA_f6030b13-8e4b-4157-9d98-6b648a534e3c


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMzctNS0xLTEtMA_16a23244-6d7f-4cbc-9147-d157f78bf490


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMzgtMS0xLTEtMA_244f3ac1-9144-4aba-8b54-3f28ebe43f12


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMzgtMy0xLTEtMA_54e4cea8-1084-495f-b3e7-68b73ee92dcb


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMzgtNS0xLTEtMA_9b0088c7-9417-4603-afd6-39156160a1bc


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMzktMS0xLTEtMA_22294d98-094b-49e1-83a2-f153f387a3d1


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMzktMy0xLTEtMA_e11e02e4-0b75-4010-9e2e-ce28cf0d6120


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfMzktNS0xLTEtMA_90dc6734-bea9-48a2-9121-6991c3fe0106


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfNDAtMS0xLTEtMA_fc014c33-f35f-470d-8f99-6ce07e9f8495


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfNDAtMy0xLTEtMA_d41a051b-0455-49a7-b470-01efaadb2f5e


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfNDAtNS0xLTEtMA_e3cec107-b039-4c84-8f3a-3d6e0c1ac96c


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfNDEtMS0xLTEtMA_5c0085c9-01e5-408b-a279-6911ca149a2e


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfNDEtMy0xLTEtMA_2c386241-c4c4-4316-9bb6-35b0acfc5065


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfNDEtNS0xLTEtMA_9d0a393a-373b-4610-982e-1c3d1c56126e


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfNDItMS0xLTEtMA_46047c41-7118-4ce9-a6c5-29af3f497a05


      contextRef=ie22ce43e6bcc4bcf8a62710ef8cf06d7_I20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfNDItMy0xLTEtMA_1d2b328e-8332-41db-a723-4d2f2a275fbf


      contextRef=i3de2fc81fb144c75bd6721fc40962572_I20161231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfNDItNS0xLTEtMA_f5a0146f-dc36-4bfe-bba1-c26208b1147c


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfNDMtMS0xLTEtMA_6b6012b6-e2b0-4351-a067-eed5cc6262e5


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfNDMtMy0xLTEtMA_9f287ec3-3fd7-42c1-8d66-126e1b725120


      contextRef=ie22ce43e6bcc4bcf8a62710ef8cf06d7_I20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfNDMtNS0xLTEtMA_b8c4b18b-9eff-4308-b2f0-c430f2963157


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfNDYtMS0xLTEtMA_d3fc9842-f350-4441-bcd5-27adaa4df4f4


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfNDYtMy0xLTEtMA_c61ca1d8-7ad8-49da-9492-0c200c53dc1c


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfNDYtNS0xLTEtMA_6c464b56-447f-4ab0-9ad7-e9d9156ae2ed


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfNDctMS0xLTEtMA_1f922386-218f-4364-9b18-56aff420a5b2


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfNDctMy0xLTEtMA_49141381-12e7-4161-ba57-85e2829ce498


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfNDctNS0xLTEtMA_57bc9d8e-5f00-4ca8-8b99-a245fd65e08b


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfNDktMS0xLTEtMA_4bc15795-6a11-4446-ba69-3e7f2c377824


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfNDktMy0xLTEtMA_b165f8a2-b1c8-4fe4-b3ca-384751546aec


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183My9mcmFnOmY3YjFmMzBmNmQwMDRjYzA5NzA1ZDdkZWM5NjE0ZDRhL3RhYmxlOjg3MGYzMmI0YWYxMDRkNDliYzliYjFiZTZjZmU2YTg1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODcwZjMyYjRhZjEwNGQ0OWJjOWJiMWJlNmNmZTZhODVfNDktNS0xLTEtMA_77ef6120-7aaa-435f-9a3f-8dc041be785f


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

 Inc. is a Delaware corporation headquartered in Lenexa
 Kansas. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Hostess Brands
 Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries
 including Hostess Holdings
 L.P. (&#x201c;Hostess Holdings&#x201d;) (collectively
 the &#x201c;Company&#x201d;). The Company is a leading packaged food company primarily focused on developing
 manufacturing
 marketing
 selling and distributing baked goods in North America. The Hostess&#xae; brand dates to 1919 when the Hostess&#xae; CupCake was introduced to the public
 followed by Twinkies&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Calibri',sans-serif;font-size:11pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;&#xae;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt; in 1930. In 2013
 the Legacy Hostess Equityholders (as defined below) acquired the Hostess&#xae; brand and other assets out of the bankruptcy liquidation proceedings of its prior owners
 free and clear of all past liabilities. After a brief hiatus in production
 the Company began providing Hostess&#xae; products to consumers and retailers across the nation in July 2013. Today
 the Company produces a variety of new and classic treats primarily under the Hostess&#xae;
 Dolly Madison&#xae;
 Cloverhill&#xae;
 and Big Texas&#xae; brands
 including Donettes&#xae;
 Twinkies&#xae;
 CupCakes
 Ding Dongs&#xae;
 Zingers&#xae;
 Danishes
 Honey Buns and Coffee Cakes. In January 2020
 the Company acquired Voortman Cookies
 Limited (&#x201c;Voortman&#x201d;)

 collectively referred to as the Company. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;The Company has determined that Hostess Holdings
 a limited partnership
 is a variable interest entity (&#x201c;VIE&#x201d;) and that the Company is the primary beneficiary of the VIE. The Company determined that
 due to its ownership of Hostess Holdings&#x2019; general partnership units
 the Company has the power to direct all of the activities of Hostess Holdings
 with no substantive kick-out rights or participating rights by the limited partners individually or as a group. Hostess Holdings constitutes the majority of the assets of the Company.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;C. Dean Metropoulos and entities under his control (the &#x201c;Metropoulos Entities&#x201d;) hold their equity investment in the Company primarily through Class B limited partnership units in Hostess Holdings (&#x201c;Class B Units&#x201d;) and an equal number of shares of the Company&#x2019;s Class B common stock (&#x201c;Class B Stock&#x201d;). The Company&#x2019;s Class B Stock has voting
 but no economic rights
 while Hostess Holdings&#x2019; Class B Units have economic
 but no voting rights. Each Class B Unit
 together with a share of Class B Stock held by the Metropoulos Entities
 is exchangeable for a share of the Company&#x2019;s Class A common stock (or at the option of the Company
 the cash equivalent thereof). The interest of the Metropoulos Entities in Hostess Holdings&#x2019; Class B Units is reflected in the consolidated financial statements as a non-controlling interest. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;The Company has two reportable segments: Sweet Baked Goods and In-Store Bakery. The Company sold its In-Store Bakery operations on August 30


 2019
 the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update (&#x201c;ASU&#x201d;) No. 2016-02
 Leases
 along with the related ASUs 2018-01
 2018-10 and 2018-11 (collectively
 &#x201c;Topic 842&#x201d;). Topic 842 requires a lessee to record on the balance sheet the assets and liabilities for the rights and obligations created by lease terms of more than 12 months. To adopt this standard
 the Company utilized a modified retrospective transition method. Under this approach
 the results for reporting periods beginning January 1
 2019 are presented under Topic 842. Prior period &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;amounts are not adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance with the historic accounting standards. There was no cumulative effect of applying Topic 842 to the opening balance of retained earnings. The Company has elected to apply the practical expedients under Topic 842 which allow entities to not reassess the lease classification for expired or existing leases and to not reassess if expired or existing contracts contain leases under the Topic 842 definition. The Company has also elected to use hindsight when determining the lease term of existing leases. As a result of the adoption
 on January 1
 2019
 the Company recognized right of use assets of $8.2&#160;million
 offset by associated accumulated amortization of $5.2&#160;million and corresponding lease liabilities of $3.0&#160;million. The recognition of leases subsequent to the adoption of Topic 842 is further described in Note 15. Commitments and Contingencies.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;On January 1
 2018
 the Company adopted ASU No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (&#x201c;Topic 606&#x201d;)
 using the modified retrospective transition method. Under this method
 results for reporting periods beginning January 1
 2018 are presented under Topic 606. Prior period amounts are not adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance with the historic accounting under Topic 605
 with the cumulative effect of applying Topic 606 to prior period amounts recognized as an adjustment to opening retained earnings. The Company has elected to apply the new standard to contracts that were not complete as of January 1
 2018. Under this transition method
 the Company deemed contracts to be not complete if
 as of the date of transition
 the Company had not fulfilled its performance obligations. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;On January 1
 2018
 the Company adopted ASU No. 2017-12
 Derivatives and Hedging: Targeted Improvements to Accounting for Hedging Activities (&#x201c;ASU 2017-12&#x201d;). The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;In March 2018
 the Company adopted ASU 2018-05
 Income Taxes: Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 (&#x201c;Topic 740&#x201d;)
 which updates the income tax accounting in U.S. GAAP to reflect the SEC&#x2019;s interpretive guidance released on December 22
 2017
 when the legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (&#x201c;Tax Reform&#x201d;) was signed into law. Additional information regarding the adoption of this standard is contained in Note 13. Income Taxes.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;In September 2018
 the Company adopted ASU 2018-15
 Intangibles-Goodwill and Other Internal-Use Software: Customer&#x2019;s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract (&#x201c;Subtopic 350-40&#x201d;)

 including
 but not limited to
 valuation and useful lives of tangible and intangible assets
 inputs used to calculate the Tax Receivable Agreement liability including increases in tax basis related to exchanges
 future cash tax savings rate

 checks that have been issued and are out of the control of the Company
 but which have not cleared the bank by the balance sheet date

 2019 and 2018
 the Company&#x2019;s accounts receivable were $104.9&#160;million and $105.7 million
 respectively
 which have been reduced by allowances for damages occurring during shipment
 quality claims and doubtful accounts in the amount of $2.7 million and $2.6 million

 freight
 handling costs

&lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;December 31









 occasionally the Company will remove and relocate equipment between bakeries. Such removal and relocation costs are expensed as incurred. Reinstallation costs are capitalized if the useful life is extended or the equipment is significantly improved. Otherwise
 reinstallation costs are expensed as incurred. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense when incurred. Expenditures for major renewals and betterments
 which extend the useful lives of existing property and equipment
 are capitalized and depreciated. Upon retirement or disposition of property and equipment
 the capitalized cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the balance sheet and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in the consolidated statements of operations.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;The Company assesses property
 plant and equipment for impairment when circumstances arise which could change its use or expected life. For the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018 and 2017 the Company recorded impairment losses of $0.5 million
 $1.4 million and $1.0&#160;million
 respectively

 appropriate application development stage costs are capitalized. Capitalization ceases when the project is substantially complete and the software is ready for its intended use. Upgrades and enhancements to software are capitalized when such enhancements are determined to provide additional functionality. Training and maintenance costs associated with software applications are expensed as incurred.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Included in the caption &#x201c;Other assets&#x201d; in the consolidated balance sheets is capitalized software in the amount of approximately $11.9 million and $8.5 million at December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively. Capitalized software costs are amortized over their estimated useful life of five years commencing when such assets are ready for their intended use. Software amortization expense included in general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of operations was $2.7 million for both years ended December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 and $2.5&#160;million for the year ended December&#160;31

 2019 and 2018
 the goodwill balances of $535.9 million and $575.6 million
 respectively
 represent the excess of the amount the Company paid for the acquisition of Hostess Holdings from the Metropoulos Entities &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;and other former equity holders in a 2016 transaction over the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The resulting goodwill was allocated to the Sweet Baked Goods reporting unit and the In-Store Bakery reporting unit. No goodwill was recorded in connection with the acquisition of the Cloverhill Business during the year ended December 31
 2018 as the fair value of net assets approximated the consideration paid. During the year ended December 31
 2019
 the Company divested the In-Store Bakery operations and removed all allocated goodwill.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Goodwill by reporting unit is tested for impairment annually by either performing a qualitative evaluation or a quantitative test. The qualitative evaluation is an assessment of factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 including goodwill. The Company may elect not to perform the qualitative assessment for some or all reporting units and perform a quantitative impairment test. For the 2019 annual impairment test
 the Company elected to perform the qualitative test. No indicators of impairment were noted.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;For the 2018 annual impairment test
 the Company elected to perform a quantitative impairment test. For this test
 fair value was determined based on a combination of an income approach utilizing the discounted cash flow method and the market approach using the market comparable method. Significant assumptions used to determine fair value under the discounted cash flow method included future trends in sales
 operating expenses
 capital expenditures and changes in working capital
 along with an appropriate discount rate based on our estimated cost of equity capital
 after-tax cost of debt and future economic and market conditions. To the extent the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds fair value
 goodwill is considered impaired and an impairment charge was recorded to reduce the reporting unit to fair value.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;The Company&#x2019;s indefinite-lived intangible assets consist of trademarks and trade names. The $1
408.6 million and $1
409.9 million balances at December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively
 were recognized as part of the 2016 acquisition of Hostess Holdings and the 2018 acquisition of the Cloverhill Business. The trademarks and trade names are integral to the Company&#x2019;s identity and are expected to contribute indefinitely to its corporate cash flows. Fair value for trademarks and tradenames was determined using the income approach
 which is considered to be Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. The application of the income approach was premised on a royalty savings method
 whereby the trademark and tradenames are valued by reference to the amount of royalty income they could generate if they were licensed
 in an arm&#x2019;s-length transaction
 to a third party. These assets have been assigned an indefinite life and therefore are not amortized but rather evaluated for impairment annually using the qualitative or quantitative methods similar to goodwill. For the quantitative assessment
 the valuation of trademarks and trade names are determined using the relief of royalty method. significant assumptions used in this method include future trends in sales
 a royalty rate and a discount rate to be applied to the forecast revenue stream.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;During the years ended December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 the Company recognized impairment charges of $1.0&#160;million and $3.3 million
 respectively
 to the In-Store Bakery goodwill and intangibles. See Note 7. Goodwill and Intangible Assets for more information on impairment charges.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Also
 the Company has finite-lived intangible assets
 net of accumulated amortization of $444.7 million and $491.3 million balances on December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018 respectively
 that consist of customer relationships that were recognized as part of the Hostess Holdings and Cloverhill acquisitions. For customer relationships
 the application of the income approach (Level 3) was premised on an excess earnings method

 the Company maintains insurance programs covering its exposure to workers&#x2019; compensation. Such programs include the retention of certain levels of risks and costs through high deductibles and other risk retention strategies. Included in the accrued expenses in the consolidated balance sheets is a reserve for healthcare claims in the amount of approximately $2.0 million and $1.6 million at December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively
 and a reserve for workers&#x2019; compensation claims of $2.7 million and $1.9 million at December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018

 2019
 the Company recognizes a right of use asset and corresponding lease liability on the consolidated balance sheet for all lease transactions with terms of more than 12 months. Agreements are determined to contain a lease if they convey the use and control of an underlying physical asset. Based on the nature of the lease transaction
 leases are either classified as financing or operating. Under both classifications
 the right of use asset and liability are initially valued based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments using an effective borrowing rate at the inception of the lease. The Company determined the effective borrowing rate based on its expected incremental borrowing rate on collateralized debt. At December&#160;31
 2019
 4.4% was the weighted average effective borrowing rates for outstanding operating leases. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Under a financing lease
 interest expense related to the lease liability is recognized over the lease term using an effective interest rate method and right of use assets are amortized straight-line over the term of the lease. Under an operating lease
 minimum lease payments are expensed straight-line over the lease term. Lease liabilities are amortized using an effective interest rate method and right of use assets are reduced based on the excess of the sum of the straight-line lease expense and the reduction of the lease liability over the actual lease payments. At December&#160;31
 2019
 the average remaining terms on operating leases were approximately six years. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Variable lease payments
 such as taxes and insurance
 are expensed as incurred. Expenses related to leases with original terms less than 12 months (short-term leases) are expensed as incurred. For all leases related to distribution
 bakery and corporate facilities
 the Company has elected not to separate non-lease components from lease components.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;At December&#160;31
 2019
 right of use assets related to operating leases are included in property and equipment

 risk of loss and rewards of ownership. Depending on the arrangement with the customer

 consisting primarily of customer pricing allowances
 merchandising funds and consumer coupons
 are offered through various programs to customers and consumers. A provision for estimated trade promotions is recorded as a reduction of revenue in the same period when the sale is recognized.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;The Company also offers rebates based on purchase levels
 product placement locations in retail stores and advertising placed by customers. The ultimate cost of these programs is dependent on certain factors such as actual purchase volumes or customer activities and is the subject of significant management estimates. The Company accounts for these programs as variable consideration and recognizes a reduction in revenue in the same period as the underlying program. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;For product produced by third parties
 management evaluates whether the Company is the principal (i.e.
 report revenue on a gross basis) or agent (i.e.
 report revenue on a net basis). Management has determined that it is the principal in all cases
 since it establishes its own pricing for such product
 generally assumes the credit risk for amounts billed to its customers




 including a simplified method to estimate the number of periods to exercise date (i.e.
 the expected option term). Management has determined that the equity plan has not been in place for a sufficient amount of time to estimate the post vesting exercise behavior. Therefore
 it will continue to use this simplified method until such time as it has sufficient history to provide a reasonable basis to estimate the expected term. Forfeitures are recognized as a reduction of expense as incurred. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;For awards which have performance and market conditions
 compensation expense is calculated based on the number of shares expected to vest after assessing the probability that the performance or market criteria will be met. The equity-based compensation expense
 net of forfeitures
 is recognized using a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the awards
 which corresponds to the vesting periods of the awards. For performance-based awards
 compensation expense is remeasured throughout the vesting period as probability is reassessed. For market-based awards

 2019
 approximately&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt; 44%
 of the Company&#x2019;s em&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;ployees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. None of these agreements expire before December 31

 a defined contribution retirement plan (401(k))
 company-sponsored life insurance
 and other benefit plans. The Company&#x2019;s contributions to the defined contribution retirement plan were $1.8 million
 $1.9 million and $1.1&#160;million for the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;The Company offers an annual incentive plan based upon annual operating targets. Final payout is approved by the board of directors. As of December&#160;31
 2019 there was $6.8&#160;million accrued for this plan. No amounts were accrued for this plan at December 31

 Inc. owns a controlling interest in Hostess Holdings
 which is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal and most applicable state and local income tax purposes. As a partnership
 Hostess Holdings is not directly subject to U.S. federal and certain state and local income taxes. Any taxable income or loss generated by Hostess Holdings is passed through to and included in the taxable income or loss of its partners
 including the Company. The Company is subject to U.S. federal income taxes
 in addition to state and local income taxes with respect to its allocable share of any taxable income of Hostess Holdings.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2017

 if any
 is recognized as a component of interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations. Payments made under this contract are included in the supplemental disclosure of interest paid in the consolidated statements of cash flows.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;During the year ended December&#160;31
 2019
 the Company used foreign currency forward contracts to manage the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to future commitments denominated in currencies other than the US dollar. The foreign currency contract outstanding as of December&#160;31

 the following fair value hierarchy distinguishes between observable and unobservable inputs

 either directly or indirectly

 thereby allowing for situations in which there is little
 if any


 including trade receivables
 based on expected losses rather than incurred losses. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019
 with early adoption permitted for financial statement periods beginning after December 15
 2018. The Company adopted this ASU on January 1
 2020. Based on its assessment
 the Company does not expect the adoption will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;In December 2019
 ASU 2019-12 Income Taxes: Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes (&#x201c;Topic 740&#x201d;) was issued. This ASU simplifies the accounting for certain income tax related items
 including intraperiod tax allocations
 deferred taxes related to foreign subsidiaries and step-up in tax basis of goodwill. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

 collectively referred to as the Company. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;The Company has determined that Hostess Holdings
 a limited partnership
 is a variable interest entity (&#x201c;VIE&#x201d;) and that the Company is the primary beneficiary of the VIE. The Company determined that
 due to its ownership of Hostess Holdings&#x2019; general partnership units
 the Company has the power to direct all of the activities of Hostess Holdings
 with no substantive kick-out rights or participating rights by the limited partners individually or as a group. Hostess Holdings constitutes the majority of the assets of the Company.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;C. Dean Metropoulos and entities under his control (the &#x201c;Metropoulos Entities&#x201d;) hold their equity investment in the Company primarily through Class B limited partnership units in Hostess Holdings (&#x201c;Class B Units&#x201d;) and an equal number of shares of the Company&#x2019;s Class B common stock (&#x201c;Class B Stock&#x201d;). The Company&#x2019;s Class B Stock has voting
 but no economic rights
 while Hostess Holdings&#x2019; Class B Units have economic
 but no voting rights. Each Class B Unit
 together with a share of Class B Stock held by the Metropoulos Entities
 is exchangeable for a share of the Company&#x2019;s Class A common stock (or at the option of the Company
 the cash equivalent thereof). The interest of the Metropoulos Entities in Hostess Holdings&#x2019; Class B Units is reflected in the consolidated financial statements as a non-controlling interest. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;The Company has two reportable segments: Sweet Baked Goods and In-Store Bakery. The Company sold its In-Store Bakery operations on August 30


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RleHRyZWdpb246NWQyYmRjZDFhNzE0NGE0MmI1MjhkNGE3MjcxMmRkMmJfNTk2OA_2163f19c-6a7d-433c-ab5a-e83132b6c4bc


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231



      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

 2019
 the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update (&#x201c;ASU&#x201d;) No. 2016-02
 Leases
 along with the related ASUs 2018-01
 2018-10 and 2018-11 (collectively
 &#x201c;Topic 842&#x201d;). Topic 842 requires a lessee to record on the balance sheet the assets and liabilities for the rights and obligations created by lease terms of more than 12 months. To adopt this standard
 the Company utilized a modified retrospective transition method. Under this approach
 the results for reporting periods beginning January 1
 2019 are presented under Topic 842. Prior period &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;amounts are not adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance with the historic accounting standards. There was no cumulative effect of applying Topic 842 to the opening balance of retained earnings. The Company has elected to apply the practical expedients under Topic 842 which allow entities to not reassess the lease classification for expired or existing leases and to not reassess if expired or existing contracts contain leases under the Topic 842 definition. The Company has also elected to use hindsight when determining the lease term of existing leases. As a result of the adoption
 on January 1
 2019
 the Company recognized right of use assets of $8.2&#160;million
 offset by associated accumulated amortization of $5.2&#160;million and corresponding lease liabilities of $3.0&#160;million. The recognition of leases subsequent to the adoption of Topic 842 is further described in Note 15. Commitments and Contingencies.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;On January 1
 2018
 the Company adopted ASU No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (&#x201c;Topic 606&#x201d;)
 using the modified retrospective transition method. Under this method
 results for reporting periods beginning January 1
 2018 are presented under Topic 606. Prior period amounts are not adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance with the historic accounting under Topic 605
 with the cumulative effect of applying Topic 606 to prior period amounts recognized as an adjustment to opening retained earnings. The Company has elected to apply the new standard to contracts that were not complete as of January 1
 2018. Under this transition method
 the Company deemed contracts to be not complete if
 as of the date of transition
 the Company had not fulfilled its performance obligations. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;On January 1
 2018
 the Company adopted ASU No. 2017-12
 Derivatives and Hedging: Targeted Improvements to Accounting for Hedging Activities (&#x201c;ASU 2017-12&#x201d;). The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;In March 2018
 the Company adopted ASU 2018-05
 Income Taxes: Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 (&#x201c;Topic 740&#x201d;)
 which updates the income tax accounting in U.S. GAAP to reflect the SEC&#x2019;s interpretive guidance released on December 22
 2017
 when the legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (&#x201c;Tax Reform&#x201d;) was signed into law. Additional information regarding the adoption of this standard is contained in Note 13. Income Taxes.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;In September 2018
 the Company adopted ASU 2018-15
 Intangibles-Goodwill and Other Internal-Use Software: Customer&#x2019;s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract (&#x201c;Subtopic 350-40&#x201d;)


 including trade receivables
 based on expected losses rather than incurred losses. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019
 with early adoption permitted for financial statement periods beginning after December 15
 2018. The Company adopted this ASU on January 1
 2020. Based on its assessment
 the Company does not expect the adoption will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;In December 2019
 ASU 2019-12 Income Taxes: Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes (&#x201c;Topic 740&#x201d;) was issued. This ASU simplifies the accounting for certain income tax related items
 including intraperiod tax allocations
 deferred taxes related to foreign subsidiaries and step-up in tax basis of goodwill. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15


      contextRef=i132e08c1dd2b4c5c856799f2bb02c8dd_I20190101
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RleHRyZWdpb246NWQyYmRjZDFhNzE0NGE0MmI1MjhkNGE3MjcxMmRkMmJfMzg0ODI5MDc2OTY2Ng_f24396ba-3bb1-4a33-8a2c-6ecd93476344


      contextRef=i132e08c1dd2b4c5c856799f2bb02c8dd_I20190101
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RleHRyZWdpb246NWQyYmRjZDFhNzE0NGE0MmI1MjhkNGE3MjcxMmRkMmJfMzg0ODI5MDc2OTY4MA_4fe3ade8-b58d-4f4d-a21b-a32b20fbcfcf


      contextRef=i132e08c1dd2b4c5c856799f2bb02c8dd_I20190101
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RleHRyZWdpb246NWQyYmRjZDFhNzE0NGE0MmI1MjhkNGE3MjcxMmRkMmJfMzg0ODI5MDc2OTY5NA_738a0a03-f44a-4808-a48f-08b99f091191


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

 including
 but not limited to
 valuation and useful lives of tangible and intangible assets
 inputs used to calculate the Tax Receivable Agreement liability including increases in tax basis related to exchanges
 future cash tax savings rate


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

 checks that have been issued and are out of the control of the Company
 but which have not cleared the bank by the balance sheet date


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RleHRyZWdpb246NWQyYmRjZDFhNzE0NGE0MmI1MjhkNGE3MjcxMmRkMmJfMzI5ODUzNDk1MDk3NA_46173635-17ab-4280-87a2-2da5c1ecbc2a


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RleHRyZWdpb246NWQyYmRjZDFhNzE0NGE0MmI1MjhkNGE3MjcxMmRkMmJfMTAwMTA_17d21966-9180-4bfb-836c-d8f5e25239e7


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RleHRyZWdpb246NWQyYmRjZDFhNzE0NGE0MmI1MjhkNGE3MjcxMmRkMmJfMTAxNTk_878d463f-9030-4c50-98fc-f17bb55e5452


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RleHRyZWdpb246NWQyYmRjZDFhNzE0NGE0MmI1MjhkNGE3MjcxMmRkMmJfMTAxNjY_932b8a80-7154-4dca-bb2f-eaaf2155f194


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

 freight
 handling costs


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

&lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;December 31










      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RhYmxlOmIwZWM3OTNiNGEwZTQyNGU5ZGIyYmRkNTg5Mjc4NzUyL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjBlYzc5M2I0YTBlNDI0ZTlkYjJiZGQ1ODkyNzg3NTJfMi0xLTEtMS0w_3cd620f9-f821-440a-bb1d-2153d24b9b54


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RhYmxlOmIwZWM3OTNiNGEwZTQyNGU5ZGIyYmRkNTg5Mjc4NzUyL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjBlYzc5M2I0YTBlNDI0ZTlkYjJiZGQ1ODkyNzg3NTJfMi0zLTEtMS0w_8a942374-b7dd-48dd-9d19-2f0e4b742777


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RhYmxlOmIwZWM3OTNiNGEwZTQyNGU5ZGIyYmRkNTg5Mjc4NzUyL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjBlYzc5M2I0YTBlNDI0ZTlkYjJiZGQ1ODkyNzg3NTJfMy0xLTEtMS0w_f86207e3-2f73-4a85-a2b7-25687eb1535f


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RhYmxlOmIwZWM3OTNiNGEwZTQyNGU5ZGIyYmRkNTg5Mjc4NzUyL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjBlYzc5M2I0YTBlNDI0ZTlkYjJiZGQ1ODkyNzg3NTJfMy0zLTEtMS0w_5c005561-a565-4042-b6aa-8c2b7469a6d2


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RhYmxlOmIwZWM3OTNiNGEwZTQyNGU5ZGIyYmRkNTg5Mjc4NzUyL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjBlYzc5M2I0YTBlNDI0ZTlkYjJiZGQ1ODkyNzg3NTJfNC0xLTEtMS0w_2dccd61d-e30d-4db9-956e-3cfe6165b786


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RhYmxlOmIwZWM3OTNiNGEwZTQyNGU5ZGIyYmRkNTg5Mjc4NzUyL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjBlYzc5M2I0YTBlNDI0ZTlkYjJiZGQ1ODkyNzg3NTJfNC0zLTEtMS0w_3bbe09ea-0c21-45cf-bf27-d8b27316902a


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RhYmxlOmIwZWM3OTNiNGEwZTQyNGU5ZGIyYmRkNTg5Mjc4NzUyL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjBlYzc5M2I0YTBlNDI0ZTlkYjJiZGQ1ODkyNzg3NTJfNS0xLTEtMS0w_b813c116-e296-432f-ba95-c87df33fc6cb


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RhYmxlOmIwZWM3OTNiNGEwZTQyNGU5ZGIyYmRkNTg5Mjc4NzUyL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjBlYzc5M2I0YTBlNDI0ZTlkYjJiZGQ1ODkyNzg3NTJfNS0zLTEtMS0w_7f033b60-a4cc-4583-a6af-fa0913d4e734


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

 occasionally the Company will remove and relocate equipment between bakeries. Such removal and relocation costs are expensed as incurred. Reinstallation costs are capitalized if the useful life is extended or the equipment is significantly improved. Otherwise
 reinstallation costs are expensed as incurred. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense when incurred. Expenditures for major renewals and betterments
 which extend the useful lives of existing property and equipment
 are capitalized and depreciated. Upon retirement or disposition of property and equipment


      contextRef=i5983cafbcaf1490eaea75a6c081b4d3e_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=ib9021650dff349cab0a040ce87fee088_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i9b40fe997f2d4ff8bd5b4f9050a83ef1_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=ifd8f1bbf9aa94147b54e3327b14f31c9_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i2a531a0a91f342659dd88e5daafb48be_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RleHRyZWdpb246NWQyYmRjZDFhNzE0NGE0MmI1MjhkNGE3MjcxMmRkMmJfMTE4NjY_ea74dfba-9e6d-4e7a-ab4b-5c5c990af6b7


      contextRef=i1e89c056543048df9614a0cf7384bc08_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RleHRyZWdpb246NWQyYmRjZDFhNzE0NGE0MmI1MjhkNGE3MjcxMmRkMmJfMTY0OTI2NzUwMjUwNQ_23158293-bb00-4cfd-98dc-f484e6f44d2f


      contextRef=ica3f3cec7c57405bbca661f26d321492_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RleHRyZWdpb246NWQyYmRjZDFhNzE0NGE0MmI1MjhkNGE3MjcxMmRkMmJfMTY0OTI2NzUwMjUxMg_e5345028-d8cb-4a41-b7ae-8ba5aa244c79


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231



      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RleHRyZWdpb246NWQyYmRjZDFhNzE0NGE0MmI1MjhkNGE3MjcxMmRkMmJfMTMzMDQ_a90c1d03-fdf8-4f09-97cc-8d3282406b94


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RleHRyZWdpb246NWQyYmRjZDFhNzE0NGE0MmI1MjhkNGE3MjcxMmRkMmJfMTMzMTE_1b038179-b29a-44fa-9594-8dd34762be9a


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RleHRyZWdpb246NWQyYmRjZDFhNzE0NGE0MmI1MjhkNGE3MjcxMmRkMmJfMTM2MTU_009bc62c-1aa8-4fc8-94ee-86b0cf41e4e0


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RleHRyZWdpb246NWQyYmRjZDFhNzE0NGE0MmI1MjhkNGE3MjcxMmRkMmJfMTM2MTU_fe79b682-548a-4c2f-bbd5-14388eccca0b


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RleHRyZWdpb246NWQyYmRjZDFhNzE0NGE0MmI1MjhkNGE3MjcxMmRkMmJfNDM5ODA0NjU2MDYxMA_a263c062-f783-4596-8517-fcd035d87f18


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

 2019 and 2018
 the goodwill balances of $535.9 million and $575.6 million
 respectively
 represent the excess of the amount the Company paid for the acquisition of Hostess Holdings from the Metropoulos Entities &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;and other former equity holders in a 2016 transaction over the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The resulting goodwill was allocated to the Sweet Baked Goods reporting unit and the In-Store Bakery reporting unit. No goodwill was recorded in connection with the acquisition of the Cloverhill Business during the year ended December 31
 2018 as the fair value of net assets approximated the consideration paid. During the year ended December 31
 2019
 the Company divested the In-Store Bakery operations and removed all allocated goodwill.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Goodwill by reporting unit is tested for impairment annually by either performing a qualitative evaluation or a quantitative test. The qualitative evaluation is an assessment of factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 including goodwill. The Company may elect not to perform the qualitative assessment for some or all reporting units and perform a quantitative impairment test. For the 2019 annual impairment test
 the Company elected to perform the qualitative test. No indicators of impairment were noted.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;For the 2018 annual impairment test
 the Company elected to perform a quantitative impairment test. For this test
 fair value was determined based on a combination of an income approach utilizing the discounted cash flow method and the market approach using the market comparable method. Significant assumptions used to determine fair value under the discounted cash flow method included future trends in sales
 operating expenses
 capital expenditures and changes in working capital
 along with an appropriate discount rate based on our estimated cost of equity capital
 after-tax cost of debt and future economic and market conditions. To the extent the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds fair value
 goodwill is considered impaired and an impairment charge was recorded to reduce the reporting unit to fair value.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;The Company&#x2019;s indefinite-lived intangible assets consist of trademarks and trade names. The $1
408.6 million and $1
409.9 million balances at December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively
 were recognized as part of the 2016 acquisition of Hostess Holdings and the 2018 acquisition of the Cloverhill Business. The trademarks and trade names are integral to the Company&#x2019;s identity and are expected to contribute indefinitely to its corporate cash flows. Fair value for trademarks and tradenames was determined using the income approach
 which is considered to be Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. The application of the income approach was premised on a royalty savings method
 whereby the trademark and tradenames are valued by reference to the amount of royalty income they could generate if they were licensed
 in an arm&#x2019;s-length transaction
 to a third party. These assets have been assigned an indefinite life and therefore are not amortized but rather evaluated for impairment annually using the qualitative or quantitative methods similar to goodwill. For the quantitative assessment
 the valuation of trademarks and trade names are determined using the relief of royalty method. significant assumptions used in this method include future trends in sales
 a royalty rate and a discount rate to be applied to the forecast revenue stream.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;During the years ended December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 the Company recognized impairment charges of $1.0&#160;million and $3.3 million
 respectively
 to the In-Store Bakery goodwill and intangibles. See Note 7. Goodwill and Intangible Assets for more information on impairment charges.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;Also
 the Company has finite-lived intangible assets
 net of accumulated amortization of $444.7 million and $491.3 million balances on December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018 respectively
 that consist of customer relationships that were recognized as part of the Hostess Holdings and Cloverhill acquisitions. For customer relationships
 the application of the income approach (Level 3) was premised on an excess earnings method


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RleHRyZWdpb246NWQyYmRjZDFhNzE0NGE0MmI1MjhkNGE3MjcxMmRkMmJfMTM4MzI_7f8e2082-2e4c-40fa-9af9-0b7a86b82219


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RleHRyZWdpb246NWQyYmRjZDFhNzE0NGE0MmI1MjhkNGE3MjcxMmRkMmJfMTM4Mzk_15d327a4-929e-49ad-8b46-2870a3e6a118


      contextRef=i07676985554c4798ad4e10c805cc4b02_I20191231
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RleHRyZWdpb246NWQyYmRjZDFhNzE0NGE0MmI1MjhkNGE3MjcxMmRkMmJfMTU2ODY_23ba7fd9-45a8-41c3-aa6e-14c34a7d2087


      contextRef=i20b92bd9d74b4f779c3be301973e5221_I20181231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RleHRyZWdpb246NWQyYmRjZDFhNzE0NGE0MmI1MjhkNGE3MjcxMmRkMmJfMzg0ODI5MDc2NDgzNw_501b6df3-ff8b-41de-9f5e-816316bb6867


      contextRef=ia54bdf2a392849a49dee2c0bd9cb0ef5_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RleHRyZWdpb246NWQyYmRjZDFhNzE0NGE0MmI1MjhkNGE3MjcxMmRkMmJfNDM5ODA0NjU2MDYyNA_cac8e8d7-7e3b-43c2-9103-9d1de5fd5ded


      contextRef=i01d84fe403ea4556a0fb6862de5d8ead_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RleHRyZWdpb246NWQyYmRjZDFhNzE0NGE0MmI1MjhkNGE3MjcxMmRkMmJfMTY5MzA_b8062cd3-e76f-482c-9bc5-a777b5bf8b1d


      contextRef=ic0322d20a5ee4621bde1285691fa251e_I20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RleHRyZWdpb246NWQyYmRjZDFhNzE0NGE0MmI1MjhkNGE3MjcxMmRkMmJfMTcxNjk_7593d8ba-68cf-41b1-adc8-cef76b8a6d8e


      contextRef=i3ab8d6f4612e41c6a62413106c0bde09_I20181231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RleHRyZWdpb246NWQyYmRjZDFhNzE0NGE0MmI1MjhkNGE3MjcxMmRkMmJfMTcxNzY_ee922fb5-ce05-49d6-8775-d6ef5b802b55


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231



      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RleHRyZWdpb246NWQyYmRjZDFhNzE0NGE0MmI1MjhkNGE3MjcxMmRkMmJfMTc4Mjc_ac6a8783-a898-4ec8-a108-6c8b7df83aef


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RleHRyZWdpb246NWQyYmRjZDFhNzE0NGE0MmI1MjhkNGE3MjcxMmRkMmJfMTgyMzc_dabf7f0f-53dd-4f33-8c0f-5fe0498b9b80


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RleHRyZWdpb246NWQyYmRjZDFhNzE0NGE0MmI1MjhkNGE3MjcxMmRkMmJfMTgyNDQ_4630ef6f-3bcc-47ef-b4e4-65f037fc4daa


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RleHRyZWdpb246NWQyYmRjZDFhNzE0NGE0MmI1MjhkNGE3MjcxMmRkMmJfMTgzMjU_41191e13-6730-44a6-b209-eadd43b9d3fc


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RleHRyZWdpb246NWQyYmRjZDFhNzE0NGE0MmI1MjhkNGE3MjcxMmRkMmJfMTgzMzI_0a3f1a16-3ea1-4c23-aa2a-9b0292ebe17a


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

 2019
 the Company recognizes a right of use asset and corresponding lease liability on the consolidated balance sheet for all lease transactions with terms of more than 12 months. Agreements are determined to contain a lease if they convey the use and control of an underlying physical asset. Based on the nature of the lease transaction
 leases are either classified as financing or operating. Under both classifications
 the right of use asset and liability are initially valued based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments using an effective borrowing rate at the inception of the lease. The Company determined the effective borrowing rate based on its expected incremental borrowing rate on collateralized debt. At December&#160;31
 2019
 4.4% was the weighted average effective borrowing rates for outstanding operating leases. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Under a financing lease
 interest expense related to the lease liability is recognized over the lease term using an effective interest rate method and right of use assets are amortized straight-line over the term of the lease. Under an operating lease
 minimum lease payments are expensed straight-line over the lease term. Lease liabilities are amortized using an effective interest rate method and right of use assets are reduced based on the excess of the sum of the straight-line lease expense and the reduction of the lease liability over the actual lease payments. At December&#160;31
 2019
 the average remaining terms on operating leases were approximately six years. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Variable lease payments
 such as taxes and insurance
 are expensed as incurred. Expenses related to leases with original terms less than 12 months (short-term leases) are expensed as incurred. For all leases related to distribution
 bakery and corporate facilities
 the Company has elected not to separate non-lease components from lease components.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;At December&#160;31
 2019
 right of use assets related to operating leases are included in property and equipment


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RleHRyZWdpb246NWQyYmRjZDFhNzE0NGE0MmI1MjhkNGE3MjcxMmRkMmJfMTk3OTEyMDkzNjc1NjQ_2066d1bb-eeb9-4ebe-82e3-e232554a08de


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

 risk of loss and rewards of ownership. Depending on the arrangement with the customer

 consisting primarily of customer pricing allowances
 merchandising funds and consumer coupons
 are offered through various programs to customers and consumers. A provision for estimated trade promotions is recorded as a reduction of revenue in the same period when the sale is recognized.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;The Company also offers rebates based on purchase levels
 product placement locations in retail stores and advertising placed by customers. The ultimate cost of these programs is dependent on certain factors such as actual purchase volumes or customer activities and is the subject of significant management estimates. The Company accounts for these programs as variable consideration and recognizes a reduction in revenue in the same period as the underlying program. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;For product produced by third parties
 management evaluates whether the Company is the principal (i.e.
 report revenue on a gross basis) or agent (i.e.
 report revenue on a net basis). Management has determined that it is the principal in all cases
 since it establishes its own pricing for such product
 generally assumes the credit risk for amounts billed to its customers


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231





      contextRef=i5190fb7417274a8faa906fbd770331a4_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RhYmxlOmI0NmU1MDU2ZDU1ZDQ2YTZhZDkwMzcwMGUzZTM5MWM5L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjQ2ZTUwNTZkNTVkNDZhNmFkOTAzNzAwZTNlMzkxYzlfMi0xLTEtMS0w_661c1929-8993-419a-a35d-3dabeeb89b32


      contextRef=i1266fe0f3157476eb01a77d28d12e4d1_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RhYmxlOmI0NmU1MDU2ZDU1ZDQ2YTZhZDkwMzcwMGUzZTM5MWM5L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjQ2ZTUwNTZkNTVkNDZhNmFkOTAzNzAwZTNlMzkxYzlfMi0zLTEtMS0w_0f9149b2-860a-4f3e-85e9-51fa6418bf21


      contextRef=ibc32dd02ba724b879e154c895dff72fc_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RhYmxlOmI0NmU1MDU2ZDU1ZDQ2YTZhZDkwMzcwMGUzZTM5MWM5L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjQ2ZTUwNTZkNTVkNDZhNmFkOTAzNzAwZTNlMzkxYzlfMi01LTEtMS0w_1320df1f-783a-4509-a871-1f32928c09ec


      contextRef=ib83180e5f12440e69cd122c70da2c902_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RhYmxlOmI0NmU1MDU2ZDU1ZDQ2YTZhZDkwMzcwMGUzZTM5MWM5L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjQ2ZTUwNTZkNTVkNDZhNmFkOTAzNzAwZTNlMzkxYzlfMy0xLTEtMS0w_882e49ed-d019-463f-a3e8-f863d8febb7c


      contextRef=ia3bd8126bd3249a1845bc0a931dc784d_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RhYmxlOmI0NmU1MDU2ZDU1ZDQ2YTZhZDkwMzcwMGUzZTM5MWM5L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjQ2ZTUwNTZkNTVkNDZhNmFkOTAzNzAwZTNlMzkxYzlfMy0zLTEtMS0w_f4b09f51-459a-43f9-90ca-c2dcca0ec94c


      contextRef=i0311e52318cc46faa75ce72a1feebb02_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RhYmxlOmI0NmU1MDU2ZDU1ZDQ2YTZhZDkwMzcwMGUzZTM5MWM5L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjQ2ZTUwNTZkNTVkNDZhNmFkOTAzNzAwZTNlMzkxYzlfMy01LTEtMS0w_fcb6677c-aaa2-48d7-9804-673c63eb6da9


      contextRef=iff7ebe45f38c472380c8270343d136de_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RhYmxlOmI0NmU1MDU2ZDU1ZDQ2YTZhZDkwMzcwMGUzZTM5MWM5L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjQ2ZTUwNTZkNTVkNDZhNmFkOTAzNzAwZTNlMzkxYzlfNC0xLTEtMS0w_ad4018f3-3a74-4ea6-ab86-079c674a4e4f


      contextRef=i5636342964ba443195f7693ac00115cd_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RhYmxlOmI0NmU1MDU2ZDU1ZDQ2YTZhZDkwMzcwMGUzZTM5MWM5L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjQ2ZTUwNTZkNTVkNDZhNmFkOTAzNzAwZTNlMzkxYzlfNC0zLTEtMS0w_2f0837fd-3c85-4324-a1df-c962d7f6c8db


      contextRef=ia53c4a71af6f480da3f99529ced53dd5_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RhYmxlOmI0NmU1MDU2ZDU1ZDQ2YTZhZDkwMzcwMGUzZTM5MWM5L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjQ2ZTUwNTZkNTVkNDZhNmFkOTAzNzAwZTNlMzkxYzlfNC01LTEtMS0w_cf68dd22-9b91-4969-9589-7ddc6a85f102


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

 including a simplified method to estimate the number of periods to exercise date (i.e.
 the expected option term). Management has determined that the equity plan has not been in place for a sufficient amount of time to estimate the post vesting exercise behavior. Therefore
 it will continue to use this simplified method until such time as it has sufficient history to provide a reasonable basis to estimate the expected term. Forfeitures are recognized as a reduction of expense as incurred. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;For awards which have performance and market conditions
 compensation expense is calculated based on the number of shares expected to vest after assessing the probability that the performance or market criteria will be met. The equity-based compensation expense
 net of forfeitures
 is recognized using a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the awards
 which corresponds to the vesting periods of the awards. For performance-based awards
 compensation expense is remeasured throughout the vesting period as probability is reassessed. For market-based awards


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RleHRyZWdpb246NWQyYmRjZDFhNzE0NGE0MmI1MjhkNGE3MjcxMmRkMmJfMjM5NjA_97430af4-137b-4bcb-9e9b-4c819b461866


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RleHRyZWdpb246NWQyYmRjZDFhNzE0NGE0MmI1MjhkNGE3MjcxMmRkMmJfMjQ0NDQ_fd565774-0902-4e3c-b7e2-b250ec9f3325


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RleHRyZWdpb246NWQyYmRjZDFhNzE0NGE0MmI1MjhkNGE3MjcxMmRkMmJfMTY0OTI2NzUwNjkzNQ_d34924da-fad1-4f1a-b0d9-c2813b71430c


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RleHRyZWdpb246NWQyYmRjZDFhNzE0NGE0MmI1MjhkNGE3MjcxMmRkMmJfMTY0OTI2NzUwNjk0Mw_bff5ac76-5011-46b9-a0a2-07d73161f59b


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RleHRyZWdpb246NWQyYmRjZDFhNzE0NGE0MmI1MjhkNGE3MjcxMmRkMmJfNjA0NzMxNDAyMDM1NQ_227e182d-a8ed-49c1-aa56-570a2b138a3f


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N183OS9mcmFnOjVkMmJkY2QxYTcxNDRhNDJiNTI4ZDRhNzI3MTJkZDJiL3RleHRyZWdpb246NWQyYmRjZDFhNzE0NGE0MmI1MjhkNGE3MjcxMmRkMmJfMzg0ODI5MDc2NDYzMA_92985008-279a-4c9e-a8b6-7e45e4b1353d


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

 Inc. owns a controlling interest in Hostess Holdings
 which is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal and most applicable state and local income tax purposes. As a partnership
 Hostess Holdings is not directly subject to U.S. federal and certain state and local income taxes. Any taxable income or loss generated by Hostess Holdings is passed through to and included in the taxable income or loss of its partners
 including the Company. The Company is subject to U.S. federal income taxes
 in addition to state and local income taxes with respect to its allocable share of any taxable income of Hostess Holdings.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2017


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

 if any
 is recognized as a component of interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations. Payments made under this contract are included in the supplemental disclosure of interest paid in the consolidated statements of cash flows.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;During the year ended December&#160;31
 2019
 the Company used foreign currency forward contracts to manage the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to future commitments denominated in currencies other than the US dollar. The foreign currency contract outstanding as of December&#160;31


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

 the following fair value hierarchy distinguishes between observable and unobservable inputs

 either directly or indirectly

 thereby allowing for situations in which there is little
 if any


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

 2019
 the Company sold its In-Store Bakery operations
 including relevant trademarks and licensing agreements
 to an unrelated party. The operations included products that were primarily sold in the in-store bakery section of U.S. retail channels. The Company divested the operations to provide more focus on future investment in areas of its business that better leverage its core competencies. The Company received proceeds from the divestiture of $65.0&#160;million prior to transaction expenses and subject to certain post-closing adjustments. In connection with the sale
 during the year ended December 31
 2019


      contextRef=ic32ffc6198784805879af3adc2840a61_D20190830-20190830
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xNzU2L2ZyYWc6ZTEzMjI0NjIxZjUzNGUxN2IyNmRlYTlkNzMxMDBiOWYvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjplMTMyMjQ2MjFmNTM0ZTE3YjI2ZGVhOWQ3MzEwMGI5Zl8zODQ4MjkwNzAxMjg1_a4cd9b0a-775c-4d52-865a-c8c2dd483c0d


      contextRef=i29e6a703db8641a99a347d258aefe6ba_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xNzU2L2ZyYWc6ZTEzMjI0NjIxZjUzNGUxN2IyNmRlYTlkNzMxMDBiOWYvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjplMTMyMjQ2MjFmNTM0ZTE3YjI2ZGVhOWQ3MzEwMGI5Zl8zODQ4MjkwNzAxMzAw_f6029c77-6426-4b05-a7bb-9f986c022996


      contextRef=i3f710b1c8a714bbaa6cac77feaf5e043_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xNzU2L2ZyYWc6ZTEzMjI0NjIxZjUzNGUxN2IyNmRlYTlkNzMxMDBiOWYvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjplMTMyMjQ2MjFmNTM0ZTE3YjI2ZGVhOWQ3MzEwMGI5Zl8zODQ4MjkwNzAxMzE0_8bd4a8d9-50f0-4c2e-8769-0975671ad3fe


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

 2018 (the &#x201c;Purchase Date&#x201d;)
 the Company acquired certain U.S. breakfast assets from Aryzta
 LLC







 2018


      contextRef=i9544997b1b234cfe82247327cdf316b3_D20180201-20180201
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184Mi9mcmFnOmUxMTA4YWJhMzc3NjRiYzQ4ZGQ3ZDJjOWFiNTI2MmNhL3RleHRyZWdpb246ZTExMDhhYmEzNzc2NGJjNDhkZDdkMmM5YWI1MjYyY2FfNjYy_3635d7e0-694c-4a15-8ab7-3187aad15296


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231








      contextRef=i0f76a9601bf6459ba04550099a8fe045_I20180201
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184Mi9mcmFnOmUxMTA4YWJhMzc3NjRiYzQ4ZGQ3ZDJjOWFiNTI2MmNhL3RhYmxlOjQ1YTE0MjJmNjM2OTQxMDM5NzIxZjRmYWZmZDE5ZmEwL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVhMTQyMmY2MzY5NDEwMzk3MjFmNGZhZmZkMTlmYTBfMS0xLTEtMS0w_7fb17ea7-f77e-4941-82e3-5df261fe818a


      contextRef=i0f76a9601bf6459ba04550099a8fe045_I20180201
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184Mi9mcmFnOmUxMTA4YWJhMzc3NjRiYzQ4ZGQ3ZDJjOWFiNTI2MmNhL3RhYmxlOjQ1YTE0MjJmNjM2OTQxMDM5NzIxZjRmYWZmZDE5ZmEwL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVhMTQyMmY2MzY5NDEwMzk3MjFmNGZhZmZkMTlmYTBfMi0xLTEtMS0w_8ce4057d-309d-41d0-be8a-fe50f790c927


      contextRef=i0f76a9601bf6459ba04550099a8fe045_I20180201
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184Mi9mcmFnOmUxMTA4YWJhMzc3NjRiYzQ4ZGQ3ZDJjOWFiNTI2MmNhL3RhYmxlOjQ1YTE0MjJmNjM2OTQxMDM5NzIxZjRmYWZmZDE5ZmEwL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVhMTQyMmY2MzY5NDEwMzk3MjFmNGZhZmZkMTlmYTBfMy0xLTEtMS0w_12638bfa-b153-4703-a519-f262211d26ae


      contextRef=id7c0a9987c7f4eaf9ceae0b9fe7da72f_I20180201
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184Mi9mcmFnOmUxMTA4YWJhMzc3NjRiYzQ4ZGQ3ZDJjOWFiNTI2MmNhL3RhYmxlOjQ1YTE0MjJmNjM2OTQxMDM5NzIxZjRmYWZmZDE5ZmEwL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVhMTQyMmY2MzY5NDEwMzk3MjFmNGZhZmZkMTlmYTBfNC0xLTEtMS0w_2dcc29b0-907b-4fd1-bb79-35217d27a98e


      contextRef=i4a79b5f081744c4aaa22760bd1e21082_I20180201
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184Mi9mcmFnOmUxMTA4YWJhMzc3NjRiYzQ4ZGQ3ZDJjOWFiNTI2MmNhL3RhYmxlOjQ1YTE0MjJmNjM2OTQxMDM5NzIxZjRmYWZmZDE5ZmEwL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVhMTQyMmY2MzY5NDEwMzk3MjFmNGZhZmZkMTlmYTBfNS0xLTEtMS0w_29f9c477-9f98-461a-aa0d-7105c9a5a7e2


      contextRef=i0f76a9601bf6459ba04550099a8fe045_I20180201
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184Mi9mcmFnOmUxMTA4YWJhMzc3NjRiYzQ4ZGQ3ZDJjOWFiNTI2MmNhL3RhYmxlOjQ1YTE0MjJmNjM2OTQxMDM5NzIxZjRmYWZmZDE5ZmEwL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVhMTQyMmY2MzY5NDEwMzk3MjFmNGZhZmZkMTlmYTBfNi0xLTEtMS0w_e4b1db8e-8d96-4f1d-a556-b5186de9e0ec


      contextRef=i0f76a9601bf6459ba04550099a8fe045_I20180201
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184Mi9mcmFnOmUxMTA4YWJhMzc3NjRiYzQ4ZGQ3ZDJjOWFiNTI2MmNhL3RhYmxlOjQ1YTE0MjJmNjM2OTQxMDM5NzIxZjRmYWZmZDE5ZmEwL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDVhMTQyMmY2MzY5NDEwMzk3MjFmNGZhZmZkMTlmYTBfNy0xLTEtMS0w_9b9f8a01-a238-4389-b1b1-098bad0258d0


      contextRef=i0f76a9601bf6459ba04550099a8fe045_I20180201
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184Mi9mcmFnOmUxMTA4YWJhMzc3NjRiYzQ4ZGQ3ZDJjOWFiNTI2MmNhL3RleHRyZWdpb246ZTExMDhhYmEzNzc2NGJjNDhkZDdkMmM5YWI1MjYyY2FfNDM5ODA0NjUxNzQxNQ_8112563a-721a-47cb-a962-0586844002c9


      contextRef=i6af4fb596b9c44f88f5dde2ad8ea4ed8_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184Mi9mcmFnOmUxMTA4YWJhMzc3NjRiYzQ4ZGQ3ZDJjOWFiNTI2MmNhL3RleHRyZWdpb246ZTExMDhhYmEzNzc2NGJjNDhkZDdkMmM5YWI1MjYyY2FfMTAxMA_339daf5e-0185-44d8-b1b4-32a4971e070a


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

 Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;The Hostess Brands
 Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the &#x201c;2016 Plan&#x201d;) provides for the granting of various equity-based incentive awards to members of the Board of Directors of the Company
 employees and service providers to the Company. The types of equity-based awards that may be granted under the 2016 Plan include: stock options
 stock appreciation rights (SARs)
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units (RSUs)
 and other stock-based awards. There are 7
150
000 registered shares of Class A common stock reserved for issuance under the 2016 Plan. All awards issued under the 2016 Plan may only be settled in shares of Class A common stock. As of December&#160;31
 2019
 3
490
775 shares remained available for issuance under the 2016 Plan. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Share-based compensation expense totaled approximately $9.2&#160;million
 $5.6 million and $7.4&#160;million for the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018 and 2017


 a portion of the granted units are banked at each annual performance period if the Company achieves certain EBITDA targets. Banked shares continue to be subject to the requisite service period under the terms of the awards. Depending on actual performance during each of the three annual performance periods
 award recipients have the opportunity to receive up to 225% of the granted units. At December&#160;31
 2019 there were no RSU awards with EBITDA performance conditions outstanding. As of December 31
 2018 there were   0.3 million RSU awards with EBITDA performance conditions outstanding. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:8pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;The vesting of certain RSU awards is contingent upon the Company&#x2019;s Class A stock achieving a certain total stockholder return (&#x201c;TSR&#x201d;) in relation to a group of its peers
 measured over a &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RleHRyZWdpb246MDA3Y2VkZTYxOGIxNGVhYTk2NjM5YWI4OGM0OWVkNzdfMjM2OA_95d977cd-1dc9-4fad-a9e7-cf20d828c011&gt;two&lt;/span&gt; or &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RleHRyZWdpb246MDA3Y2VkZTYxOGIxNGVhYTk2NjM5YWI4OGM0OWVkNzdfMjM3NA_07158eec-3f18-48a3-8b7e-324ee046c7eb&gt;three&lt;/span&gt; year period. Depending on the actual performance over the measurement period
 an award recipient has the opportunity to receive up to 200% of the granted awards. At December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018 there were 0.3&#160;million and 0.1 million RSU awards with TSR performance conditions outstanding
 respectively.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:8pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Upon an employee&#x2019;s termination

 2017&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;915




 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;895




 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;904



 2019 and 2018
 there was $7.6 million and $6.4 million of total unrecognized compensation cost
 respectively
 related to non-vested RSUs granted under the 2016 Plan that are considered probable to vest; that cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average remaining period of approximately 1.8 years and 1.5 years
 respectively. As of December&#160;31
 2019 there were no awards outstanding for which it was not probable that the performance conditions would be met. As of December 31
 2018 the grant date fair value of such awards was $4.1 million.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:8pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;For the years ended December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 $7.2 million and $4.3 million
 respectively

 2017
 the Company granted 0.4 million shares of restricted stock to the Company&#x2019;s Chief Executive Officer under the 2016 Plan. The fair value of the restricted stock was calculated based on the closing market price of the Company&#x2019;s Class A common stock on the grant date. Also during 2017
 in connection with the announcement of the Company&#x2019;s Chief Executive Officer&#x2019;s retirement
 the grant was reduced so 0.1 million shares would vest on January 1
 2018.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:8pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;For the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company recognized expense of $1.0 million related to the restricted stock awards within general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. No restricted stock awards were issued by the Company during 2019 or 2018. As of December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018

 &lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;Year Ended&lt;br/&gt;December 31

 2019
 the Company has not paid any dividends on its common stock. As of the stock option grant date

 2019
 there was $3.7 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options outstanding under the 2016 Plan; that cost is expected to be recognized over the vesting periods. For the years ended December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 there was $2.0 million and $1.3 million
 respectively

 2017&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;827



 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;943

 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:3pt double #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;273




 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;1

 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:3pt double #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;486

 the Company was obligated to grant additional equity to Mr. Metropoulos if certain EBITDA thresholds were met for 2017 and 2018. These thresholds were not met and no additional equity was granted to Mr. Metropoulos under these arrangements. The agreements expired by their terms on December 31


      contextRef=ib0f1632711fb46a6b7f8229b5a273f78_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RleHRyZWdpb246MDA3Y2VkZTYxOGIxNGVhYTk2NjM5YWI4OGM0OWVkNzdfNTMw_02fc11d1-545c-444f-ba9c-7b0b97048388


      contextRef=ib0f1632711fb46a6b7f8229b5a273f78_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RleHRyZWdpb246MDA3Y2VkZTYxOGIxNGVhYTk2NjM5YWI4OGM0OWVkNzdfNzM3_9516d907-6394-4bfc-bf8a-19e6dff465d7


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RleHRyZWdpb246MDA3Y2VkZTYxOGIxNGVhYTk2NjM5YWI4OGM0OWVkNzdfNjA0NzMxMzk2NTQ2MQ_e7e82717-665f-459b-8546-e8adadfaa514


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RleHRyZWdpb246MDA3Y2VkZTYxOGIxNGVhYTk2NjM5YWI4OGM0OWVkNzdfODY1_a9230e48-35af-455c-b95d-eedcc577a38a


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RleHRyZWdpb246MDA3Y2VkZTYxOGIxNGVhYTk2NjM5YWI4OGM0OWVkNzdfODI0NjMzNzIxNzgzNA_dbdd7ced-7f8e-4e8b-b9d6-fef7bea34835


      contextRef=i2fcae3678247428ab6676efec3032620_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RleHRyZWdpb246MDA3Y2VkZTYxOGIxNGVhYTk2NjM5YWI4OGM0OWVkNzdfMjAzMQ_e144e455-e7a1-4ae3-99ed-e0ea5bd657b1


      contextRef=i796463d1187f444d911527bf90724b24_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RleHRyZWdpb246MDA3Y2VkZTYxOGIxNGVhYTk2NjM5YWI4OGM0OWVkNzdfMTY0OTI2NzQ1Mzk3MQ_9ae540d6-2877-4da9-a04e-5be329ac0d81


      contextRef=i093b773c343e4aa197af8a71a7d1e8e2_I20181231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RleHRyZWdpb246MDA3Y2VkZTYxOGIxNGVhYTk2NjM5YWI4OGM0OWVkNzdfMjEwNA_a240ae7e-8cc1-4345-90d8-484cd68529d4


      contextRef=i797c7be6c34d4c54bcb2f9d7edf66098_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RleHRyZWdpb246MDA3Y2VkZTYxOGIxNGVhYTk2NjM5YWI4OGM0OWVkNzdfMjUxMQ_f9a8c7ed-f266-4a02-aef5-81b21ec7b1f8


      contextRef=i796463d1187f444d911527bf90724b24_I20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RleHRyZWdpb246MDA3Y2VkZTYxOGIxNGVhYTk2NjM5YWI4OGM0OWVkNzdfODI0NjMzNzIxNzg0OA_e9480150-622e-451f-9ff4-d6a1e207762c


      contextRef=i093b773c343e4aa197af8a71a7d1e8e2_I20181231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RleHRyZWdpb246MDA3Y2VkZTYxOGIxNGVhYTk2NjM5YWI4OGM0OWVkNzdfMjU2OQ_ce587905-1ce7-4c8b-86b4-53d156f6e07f


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

 2017&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;915




 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;895




 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;904




      contextRef=ib75ddd228c2d4b22be81041844ee681a_I20171231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjZkYTA1ODRkYzFiZTQwMGY4YjcyYTRkODgzNzM4M2QzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NmRhMDU4NGRjMWJlNDAwZjhiNzJhNGQ4ODM3MzgzZDNfMS0xLTEtMS0w_ac75bb7a-14c9-4ace-b3c9-5770920b6d26


      contextRef=ib75ddd228c2d4b22be81041844ee681a_I20171231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjZkYTA1ODRkYzFiZTQwMGY4YjcyYTRkODgzNzM4M2QzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NmRhMDU4NGRjMWJlNDAwZjhiNzJhNGQ4ODM3MzgzZDNfMS0zLTEtMS0w_859dfa09-295e-4c9d-b0bb-74780f948ba1


      contextRef=i7cc52f0b099146ae8e0ab56b8d0f547d_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjZkYTA1ODRkYzFiZTQwMGY4YjcyYTRkODgzNzM4M2QzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NmRhMDU4NGRjMWJlNDAwZjhiNzJhNGQ4ODM3MzgzZDNfMi0xLTEtMS0w_4449885e-1d03-497b-bb9e-c2b4f0d37ba6


      contextRef=i7cc52f0b099146ae8e0ab56b8d0f547d_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjZkYTA1ODRkYzFiZTQwMGY4YjcyYTRkODgzNzM4M2QzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NmRhMDU4NGRjMWJlNDAwZjhiNzJhNGQ4ODM3MzgzZDNfMi0zLTEtMS0w_84f7bbc8-6092-44c8-80d9-d3d3cc70863e


      contextRef=i7cc52f0b099146ae8e0ab56b8d0f547d_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjZkYTA1ODRkYzFiZTQwMGY4YjcyYTRkODgzNzM4M2QzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NmRhMDU4NGRjMWJlNDAwZjhiNzJhNGQ4ODM3MzgzZDNfMy0xLTEtMS0w_f2149feb-8be3-4f3b-b7f2-ac322265d00b


      contextRef=i7cc52f0b099146ae8e0ab56b8d0f547d_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjZkYTA1ODRkYzFiZTQwMGY4YjcyYTRkODgzNzM4M2QzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NmRhMDU4NGRjMWJlNDAwZjhiNzJhNGQ4ODM3MzgzZDNfMy0zLTEtMS0w_e3d98b4c-c5cd-4c37-b0b5-cf928630ecd4


      contextRef=i7cc52f0b099146ae8e0ab56b8d0f547d_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjZkYTA1ODRkYzFiZTQwMGY4YjcyYTRkODgzNzM4M2QzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NmRhMDU4NGRjMWJlNDAwZjhiNzJhNGQ4ODM3MzgzZDNfNC0xLTEtMS0w_fce88ccd-a5ba-4c96-b513-ced983c88bb3


      contextRef=i7cc52f0b099146ae8e0ab56b8d0f547d_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjZkYTA1ODRkYzFiZTQwMGY4YjcyYTRkODgzNzM4M2QzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NmRhMDU4NGRjMWJlNDAwZjhiNzJhNGQ4ODM3MzgzZDNfNC0zLTEtMS0w_8fe009e8-3847-49e7-ae67-c9198a0be1c4


      contextRef=i093b773c343e4aa197af8a71a7d1e8e2_I20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjZkYTA1ODRkYzFiZTQwMGY4YjcyYTRkODgzNzM4M2QzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NmRhMDU4NGRjMWJlNDAwZjhiNzJhNGQ4ODM3MzgzZDNfNS0xLTEtMS0w_ca4bcf6e-fa5f-4bf9-b066-f4e145a88258


      contextRef=i093b773c343e4aa197af8a71a7d1e8e2_I20181231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjZkYTA1ODRkYzFiZTQwMGY4YjcyYTRkODgzNzM4M2QzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NmRhMDU4NGRjMWJlNDAwZjhiNzJhNGQ4ODM3MzgzZDNfNS0zLTEtMS0w_79855270-d603-44b2-8003-4c4f71535d5b


      contextRef=i2fcae3678247428ab6676efec3032620_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjZkYTA1ODRkYzFiZTQwMGY4YjcyYTRkODgzNzM4M2QzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NmRhMDU4NGRjMWJlNDAwZjhiNzJhNGQ4ODM3MzgzZDNfNi0xLTEtMS0w_c3fe315e-73d8-44a5-bc1f-26b5ba4408c0


      contextRef=i2fcae3678247428ab6676efec3032620_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjZkYTA1ODRkYzFiZTQwMGY4YjcyYTRkODgzNzM4M2QzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NmRhMDU4NGRjMWJlNDAwZjhiNzJhNGQ4ODM3MzgzZDNfNi0zLTEtMS0w_4d3aedcd-7247-4490-9464-9b78cc38cc55


      contextRef=i2fcae3678247428ab6676efec3032620_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjZkYTA1ODRkYzFiZTQwMGY4YjcyYTRkODgzNzM4M2QzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NmRhMDU4NGRjMWJlNDAwZjhiNzJhNGQ4ODM3MzgzZDNfNy0xLTEtMS0w_991a592f-4ee9-4f28-962c-12d6d53629ae


      contextRef=i2fcae3678247428ab6676efec3032620_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjZkYTA1ODRkYzFiZTQwMGY4YjcyYTRkODgzNzM4M2QzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NmRhMDU4NGRjMWJlNDAwZjhiNzJhNGQ4ODM3MzgzZDNfNy0zLTEtMS0w_59f42d26-237e-4559-8189-3d52f8e2c7e6


      contextRef=i2fcae3678247428ab6676efec3032620_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjZkYTA1ODRkYzFiZTQwMGY4YjcyYTRkODgzNzM4M2QzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NmRhMDU4NGRjMWJlNDAwZjhiNzJhNGQ4ODM3MzgzZDNfOC0xLTEtMS0w_cc2e120d-499e-46a8-81ed-60d1f54bba3e


      contextRef=i2fcae3678247428ab6676efec3032620_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjZkYTA1ODRkYzFiZTQwMGY4YjcyYTRkODgzNzM4M2QzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NmRhMDU4NGRjMWJlNDAwZjhiNzJhNGQ4ODM3MzgzZDNfOC0zLTEtMS0w_82c6f7dd-baea-4c39-a4b4-ebb756fe7d12


      contextRef=i796463d1187f444d911527bf90724b24_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjZkYTA1ODRkYzFiZTQwMGY4YjcyYTRkODgzNzM4M2QzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NmRhMDU4NGRjMWJlNDAwZjhiNzJhNGQ4ODM3MzgzZDNfOS0xLTEtMS0w_cb425dcd-ff84-4ade-bc2d-cb77644fa7ca


      contextRef=i796463d1187f444d911527bf90724b24_I20191231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjZkYTA1ODRkYzFiZTQwMGY4YjcyYTRkODgzNzM4M2QzL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NmRhMDU4NGRjMWJlNDAwZjhiNzJhNGQ4ODM3MzgzZDNfOS0zLTEtMS0w_f445e936-53d3-41df-baac-c0bfee7548b1


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RleHRyZWdpb246MDA3Y2VkZTYxOGIxNGVhYTk2NjM5YWI4OGM0OWVkNzdfMjk4NQ_96f84c9b-1c14-4765-9770-a63dcc06710a


      contextRef=i7aa92951307e4d7b81cf58e026c669c5_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RleHRyZWdpb246MDA3Y2VkZTYxOGIxNGVhYTk2NjM5YWI4OGM0OWVkNzdfMzAxNQ_0008acfe-40e8-48a7-9f70-e3bf57fc108f


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RleHRyZWdpb246MDA3Y2VkZTYxOGIxNGVhYTk2NjM5YWI4OGM0OWVkNzdfMzg0ODI5MDcwODM0MA_283bf8a9-22e9-4584-9e9c-3069bf8e6ef0


      contextRef=i8f05a26cc1614c8cbb84a5867f809527_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RleHRyZWdpb246MDA3Y2VkZTYxOGIxNGVhYTk2NjM5YWI4OGM0OWVkNzdfMzg0ODI5MDcwODM0OQ_04e0054f-3de6-46dc-8833-eab199129b3a


      contextRef=i796463d1187f444d911527bf90724b24_I20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RleHRyZWdpb246MDA3Y2VkZTYxOGIxNGVhYTk2NjM5YWI4OGM0OWVkNzdfMzEwNw_b0077721-c3c3-4b0a-9e1d-91560c9ef573


      contextRef=i093b773c343e4aa197af8a71a7d1e8e2_I20181231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RleHRyZWdpb246MDA3Y2VkZTYxOGIxNGVhYTk2NjM5YWI4OGM0OWVkNzdfMzExNA_1ad58ba7-4594-4251-8763-b11875baa20a


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231


      contextRef=i093b773c343e4aa197af8a71a7d1e8e2_I20181231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RleHRyZWdpb246MDA3Y2VkZTYxOGIxNGVhYTk2NjM5YWI4OGM0OWVkNzdfMTY0OTI2NzQ1MzA0NQ_8afb6de6-06fe-4fb8-9a8b-c7e19ea16a75


      contextRef=i5a476c5255fe4c95b204e610aea4f8e7_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RleHRyZWdpb246MDA3Y2VkZTYxOGIxNGVhYTk2NjM5YWI4OGM0OWVkNzdfMzY1OQ_fe8d5278-9525-4161-9fde-9c1308596eb5


      contextRef=i79dd022391384bfe90e9e5ad5f8cebdf_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RleHRyZWdpb246MDA3Y2VkZTYxOGIxNGVhYTk2NjM5YWI4OGM0OWVkNzdfMTY0OTI2NzQ1MDAzOA_9bb148c9-f833-4122-a1af-ed5cf3d0308a


      contextRef=i47263a60408a4f008889c876aa1bfb7c_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RleHRyZWdpb246MDA3Y2VkZTYxOGIxNGVhYTk2NjM5YWI4OGM0OWVkNzdfMzkxMA_bca17137-1d43-4ba2-90ca-2eddaf4389fb


      contextRef=i47263a60408a4f008889c876aa1bfb7c_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RleHRyZWdpb246MDA3Y2VkZTYxOGIxNGVhYTk2NjM5YWI4OGM0OWVkNzdfNDI1NQ_692d9453-981e-4ee6-bd3e-2a6e69bda3ba


      contextRef=i53d9354f9ec24a47a08b0ece95c13cdb_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RleHRyZWdpb246MDA3Y2VkZTYxOGIxNGVhYTk2NjM5YWI4OGM0OWVkNzdfNDQ4Mg_389f72c3-3afd-4210-9616-3a641c36433e


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RleHRyZWdpb246MDA3Y2VkZTYxOGIxNGVhYTk2NjM5YWI4OGM0OWVkNzdfMzg0ODI5MDcwODM2Mw_5701ab10-7575-4410-8ffa-d95970bd7553


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RleHRyZWdpb246MDA3Y2VkZTYxOGIxNGVhYTk2NjM5YWI4OGM0OWVkNzdfMzg0ODI5MDcwODM2Mw_6b7a9012-b77e-4dc3-bb3c-cd1e67dbaa7e


      contextRef=if57325363e0949dbbb3eb92a4a88d13e_I20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RleHRyZWdpb246MDA3Y2VkZTYxOGIxNGVhYTk2NjM5YWI4OGM0OWVkNzdfMzg0ODI5MDcwODM3Mw_49d9c456-7e31-4b08-939a-77a2653ffa57


      contextRef=ib2b731f8f10e4e009b35bd7c44c47ebd_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RleHRyZWdpb246MDA3Y2VkZTYxOGIxNGVhYTk2NjM5YWI4OGM0OWVkNzdfMzg0ODI5MDcwODM3Mw_c65b9ab6-aa09-4423-829c-480834592a4b


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

 &lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;Year Ended&lt;br/&gt;December 31

 2019
 the Company has not paid any dividends on its common stock. As of the stock option grant date


      contextRef=i75565988dfc44039b15f7db03543b016_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=4
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjU3NWUwMjIwM2QzNTQ4YjdiZjZmYzRiOTAyNTJlMWM0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NTc1ZTAyMjAzZDM1NDhiN2JmNmZjNGI5MDI1MmUxYzRfMS0xLTEtMS0w_43f0d05a-c0e7-4a9f-8ac4-4904cdef104f


      contextRef=i51087f680fc54d10b5ce281bd2433b48_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=4
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjU3NWUwMjIwM2QzNTQ4YjdiZjZmYzRiOTAyNTJlMWM0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NTc1ZTAyMjAzZDM1NDhiN2JmNmZjNGI5MDI1MmUxYzRfMS0yLTEtMS0w_8a061f6a-c741-40ed-89de-8e764c84d81c


      contextRef=i75565988dfc44039b15f7db03543b016_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjU3NWUwMjIwM2QzNTQ4YjdiZjZmYzRiOTAyNTJlMWM0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NTc1ZTAyMjAzZDM1NDhiN2JmNmZjNGI5MDI1MmUxYzRfMi0xLTEtMS0w_f73d74e3-be10-4da4-9f8b-53442266a98e


      contextRef=i51087f680fc54d10b5ce281bd2433b48_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjU3NWUwMjIwM2QzNTQ4YjdiZjZmYzRiOTAyNTJlMWM0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NTc1ZTAyMjAzZDM1NDhiN2JmNmZjNGI5MDI1MmUxYzRfMi0yLTEtMS0w_ab095028-3b4b-4d89-bc6c-684752462673


      contextRef=i75565988dfc44039b15f7db03543b016_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i51087f680fc54d10b5ce281bd2433b48_D20180101-20181231


      contextRef=i75565988dfc44039b15f7db03543b016_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=4
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjU3NWUwMjIwM2QzNTQ4YjdiZjZmYzRiOTAyNTJlMWM0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NTc1ZTAyMjAzZDM1NDhiN2JmNmZjNGI5MDI1MmUxYzRfNC0xLTEtMS0w_3ce3d997-2ecb-4727-847f-1ead50c83bef


      contextRef=i51087f680fc54d10b5ce281bd2433b48_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=4
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjU3NWUwMjIwM2QzNTQ4YjdiZjZmYzRiOTAyNTJlMWM0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NTc1ZTAyMjAzZDM1NDhiN2JmNmZjNGI5MDI1MmUxYzRfNC0yLTEtMS0w_f08665fd-9adb-4478-86bd-8e7ad77bdccf


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RleHRyZWdpb246MDA3Y2VkZTYxOGIxNGVhYTk2NjM5YWI4OGM0OWVkNzdfNTg5Ng_d6382e18-bae8-4517-a4f8-8cd5e87fa558


      contextRef=if44533dec1084dba8632526d0250f19d_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RleHRyZWdpb246MDA3Y2VkZTYxOGIxNGVhYTk2NjM5YWI4OGM0OWVkNzdfNjE0NA_0e5707ae-d474-48bc-8513-8a81801b790c


      contextRef=i4209fad24da54cd89c51904468cecbeb_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RleHRyZWdpb246MDA3Y2VkZTYxOGIxNGVhYTk2NjM5YWI4OGM0OWVkNzdfNjE1MQ_368042b8-393d-42a9-aa6f-55d310815513


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

 2017&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;827



 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;943

 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:3pt double #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;273




 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;1

 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:3pt double #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;486


      contextRef=ie22ce43e6bcc4bcf8a62710ef8cf06d7_I20171231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjkxNzY1NDUwMGM1NTRiNDliMDhkOTlkNDE4ZTgzZTk4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6OTE3NjU0NTAwYzU1NGI0OWIwOGQ5OWQ0MThlODNlOThfMS0xLTEtMS0w_303e255f-0f48-48b9-9d47-8fbf444dacf7


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231


      contextRef=ie22ce43e6bcc4bcf8a62710ef8cf06d7_I20171231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjkxNzY1NDUwMGM1NTRiNDliMDhkOTlkNDE4ZTgzZTk4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6OTE3NjU0NTAwYzU1NGI0OWIwOGQ5OWQ0MThlODNlOThfMS01LTEtMS0w_10b542c2-af42-4c0d-bc5d-4ebe48b7ea08


      contextRef=ie22ce43e6bcc4bcf8a62710ef8cf06d7_I20171231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjkxNzY1NDUwMGM1NTRiNDliMDhkOTlkNDE4ZTgzZTk4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6OTE3NjU0NTAwYzU1NGI0OWIwOGQ5OWQ0MThlODNlOThfMS03LTEtMS0w_157e0651-694c-447f-83ed-c0088e4ea261


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjkxNzY1NDUwMGM1NTRiNDliMDhkOTlkNDE4ZTgzZTk4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6OTE3NjU0NTAwYzU1NGI0OWIwOGQ5OWQ0MThlODNlOThfMi0xLTEtMS0w_c16e44ef-c52c-4489-8026-ba8581ebb75e


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjkxNzY1NDUwMGM1NTRiNDliMDhkOTlkNDE4ZTgzZTk4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6OTE3NjU0NTAwYzU1NGI0OWIwOGQ5OWQ0MThlODNlOThfMi01LTEtMS0w_dd80f1b0-4b9f-4800-a186-bdd9841dd3f4


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjkxNzY1NDUwMGM1NTRiNDliMDhkOTlkNDE4ZTgzZTk4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6OTE3NjU0NTAwYzU1NGI0OWIwOGQ5OWQ0MThlODNlOThfMi03LTEtMS0w_f4d5187f-a99e-4ab3-af15-d2b5c89e23fa


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjkxNzY1NDUwMGM1NTRiNDliMDhkOTlkNDE4ZTgzZTk4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6OTE3NjU0NTAwYzU1NGI0OWIwOGQ5OWQ0MThlODNlOThfNC0xLTEtMS0w_b32df838-ec12-44ad-9fa3-518b6f0bf276


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjkxNzY1NDUwMGM1NTRiNDliMDhkOTlkNDE4ZTgzZTk4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6OTE3NjU0NTAwYzU1NGI0OWIwOGQ5OWQ0MThlODNlOThfNC01LTEtMS0w_4b9f06e4-f34e-43f9-a175-7bcf2957b6e7


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjkxNzY1NDUwMGM1NTRiNDliMDhkOTlkNDE4ZTgzZTk4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6OTE3NjU0NTAwYzU1NGI0OWIwOGQ5OWQ0MThlODNlOThfNC03LTEtMS0w_e29c105a-758c-4966-b8e6-0258eab2f86f


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjkxNzY1NDUwMGM1NTRiNDliMDhkOTlkNDE4ZTgzZTk4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6OTE3NjU0NTAwYzU1NGI0OWIwOGQ5OWQ0MThlODNlOThfNS0xLTEtMS0w_917b3f12-f534-41e2-9b35-d4952f98c130


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjkxNzY1NDUwMGM1NTRiNDliMDhkOTlkNDE4ZTgzZTk4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6OTE3NjU0NTAwYzU1NGI0OWIwOGQ5OWQ0MThlODNlOThfNS01LTEtMS0w_d3ce42b1-06d3-4531-86ef-2afcc8e50026


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjkxNzY1NDUwMGM1NTRiNDliMDhkOTlkNDE4ZTgzZTk4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6OTE3NjU0NTAwYzU1NGI0OWIwOGQ5OWQ0MThlODNlOThfNS03LTEtMS0w_361dbd5f-e6c5-49ee-90cf-87a48d0d9863


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjkxNzY1NDUwMGM1NTRiNDliMDhkOTlkNDE4ZTgzZTk4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6OTE3NjU0NTAwYzU1NGI0OWIwOGQ5OWQ0MThlODNlOThfNi0xLTEtMS0w_e7cc79bb-cb83-48e9-8b54-871f562d58fc


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjkxNzY1NDUwMGM1NTRiNDliMDhkOTlkNDE4ZTgzZTk4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6OTE3NjU0NTAwYzU1NGI0OWIwOGQ5OWQ0MThlODNlOThfNi01LTEtMS0w_2a1a4600-d1ca-42b2-acba-d595978eb92d


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjkxNzY1NDUwMGM1NTRiNDliMDhkOTlkNDE4ZTgzZTk4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6OTE3NjU0NTAwYzU1NGI0OWIwOGQ5OWQ0MThlODNlOThfNi03LTEtMS0w_5866aa0f-64d8-45a7-9205-843747143460


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjkxNzY1NDUwMGM1NTRiNDliMDhkOTlkNDE4ZTgzZTk4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6OTE3NjU0NTAwYzU1NGI0OWIwOGQ5OWQ0MThlODNlOThfNy0xLTEtMS0w_6d2fbec9-f8cf-4ff8-8e28-65115b86516a


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjkxNzY1NDUwMGM1NTRiNDliMDhkOTlkNDE4ZTgzZTk4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6OTE3NjU0NTAwYzU1NGI0OWIwOGQ5OWQ0MThlODNlOThfNy01LTEtMS0w_f307936e-2346-44af-a60a-53990a90725b


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjkxNzY1NDUwMGM1NTRiNDliMDhkOTlkNDE4ZTgzZTk4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6OTE3NjU0NTAwYzU1NGI0OWIwOGQ5OWQ0MThlODNlOThfNy03LTEtMS0w_be353c50-b449-4c38-a607-ab303c05c0a8


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjkxNzY1NDUwMGM1NTRiNDliMDhkOTlkNDE4ZTgzZTk4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6OTE3NjU0NTAwYzU1NGI0OWIwOGQ5OWQ0MThlODNlOThfOC0xLTEtMS0w_cc35160e-56e7-4971-a7ed-524dfb64ff37


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjkxNzY1NDUwMGM1NTRiNDliMDhkOTlkNDE4ZTgzZTk4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6OTE3NjU0NTAwYzU1NGI0OWIwOGQ5OWQ0MThlODNlOThfOC01LTEtMS0w_7519e5a8-4082-48b1-91a2-d9b49c7df31c


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjkxNzY1NDUwMGM1NTRiNDliMDhkOTlkNDE4ZTgzZTk4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6OTE3NjU0NTAwYzU1NGI0OWIwOGQ5OWQ0MThlODNlOThfOC01LTEtMS0w_82c2cb47-0bb5-4297-b681-851efeef5b7c


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjkxNzY1NDUwMGM1NTRiNDliMDhkOTlkNDE4ZTgzZTk4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6OTE3NjU0NTAwYzU1NGI0OWIwOGQ5OWQ0MThlODNlOThfOC03LTEtMS0w_a442b272-8ad0-4b4e-a704-4a6352870b16


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjkxNzY1NDUwMGM1NTRiNDliMDhkOTlkNDE4ZTgzZTk4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6OTE3NjU0NTAwYzU1NGI0OWIwOGQ5OWQ0MThlODNlOThfOS0xLTEtMS0w_187ef310-2db2-4f92-9b56-f7d079a48082


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjkxNzY1NDUwMGM1NTRiNDliMDhkOTlkNDE4ZTgzZTk4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6OTE3NjU0NTAwYzU1NGI0OWIwOGQ5OWQ0MThlODNlOThfOS01LTEtMS0w_56caab78-9a37-4fc6-b4d1-54b6e6f5c5e7


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjkxNzY1NDUwMGM1NTRiNDliMDhkOTlkNDE4ZTgzZTk4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6OTE3NjU0NTAwYzU1NGI0OWIwOGQ5OWQ0MThlODNlOThfOS01LTEtMS0w_f70cc6c5-30b7-4e03-b7d7-a6706de92e3e


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjkxNzY1NDUwMGM1NTRiNDliMDhkOTlkNDE4ZTgzZTk4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6OTE3NjU0NTAwYzU1NGI0OWIwOGQ5OWQ0MThlODNlOThfOS03LTEtMS0w_85ab1850-222a-42c8-880a-edaf0741ae1a


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjkxNzY1NDUwMGM1NTRiNDliMDhkOTlkNDE4ZTgzZTk4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6OTE3NjU0NTAwYzU1NGI0OWIwOGQ5OWQ0MThlODNlOThfMTAtMS0xLTEtMA_67bd602d-cd47-4fe9-8811-1bd8bb087bc2


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjkxNzY1NDUwMGM1NTRiNDliMDhkOTlkNDE4ZTgzZTk4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6OTE3NjU0NTAwYzU1NGI0OWIwOGQ5OWQ0MThlODNlOThfMTAtNS0xLTEtMA_0322c657-be8a-4868-92d0-7583fbac4bb6


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjkxNzY1NDUwMGM1NTRiNDliMDhkOTlkNDE4ZTgzZTk4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6OTE3NjU0NTAwYzU1NGI0OWIwOGQ5OWQ0MThlODNlOThfMTAtNy0xLTEtMA_b0a17a57-c609-4729-83a6-ace02f2590f0


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjkxNzY1NDUwMGM1NTRiNDliMDhkOTlkNDE4ZTgzZTk4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6OTE3NjU0NTAwYzU1NGI0OWIwOGQ5OWQ0MThlODNlOThfMTEtMS0xLTEtMA_496c2b5b-bb6a-4151-a720-4d9d1a10b584


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjkxNzY1NDUwMGM1NTRiNDliMDhkOTlkNDE4ZTgzZTk4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6OTE3NjU0NTAwYzU1NGI0OWIwOGQ5OWQ0MThlODNlOThfMTEtNS0xLTEtMA_e4f60b08-79a8-4fdc-bb95-24ca068d0a1d


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N184NS9mcmFnOjAwN2NlZGU2MThiMTRlYWE5NjYzOWFiODhjNDllZDc3L3RhYmxlOjkxNzY1NDUwMGM1NTRiNDliMDhkOTlkNDE4ZTgzZTk4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6OTE3NjU0NTAwYzU1NGI0OWIwOGQ5OWQ0MThlODNlOThfMTEtNy0xLTEtMA_6945e259-fb55-4c36-923f-2d18d7218cc8


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

&lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;December 31














 $14.6 million and $11.8&#160;million for the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018
 2017


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

&lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;December 31















      contextRef=ib4fae081759843f7bcaa7686c2fb9f99_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185MS9mcmFnOjllNGRmYzJhODc3ODQ5OWY4Yjk0Yjk4NWRmNmUyOWVhL3RhYmxlOjcyMmM3MzllNTdjNDRlNDA5MDExYzljMDQzOTQ2MzA4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NzIyYzczOWU1N2M0NGU0MDkwMTFjOWMwNDM5NDYzMDhfMi0xLTEtMS0w_8eff968f-c844-4c66-84b2-3c0959cd44b9


      contextRef=i88463b9ec81a429fb169393dc8ac7665_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185MS9mcmFnOjllNGRmYzJhODc3ODQ5OWY4Yjk0Yjk4NWRmNmUyOWVhL3RhYmxlOjcyMmM3MzllNTdjNDRlNDA5MDExYzljMDQzOTQ2MzA4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NzIyYzczOWU1N2M0NGU0MDkwMTFjOWMwNDM5NDYzMDhfMi0zLTEtMS0w_9e887c96-08f6-4105-95fd-3273cc298026


      contextRef=i6e4eb09b3cb44709a7c1c7323323c97b_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185MS9mcmFnOjllNGRmYzJhODc3ODQ5OWY4Yjk0Yjk4NWRmNmUyOWVhL3RhYmxlOjcyMmM3MzllNTdjNDRlNDA5MDExYzljMDQzOTQ2MzA4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NzIyYzczOWU1N2M0NGU0MDkwMTFjOWMwNDM5NDYzMDhfMy0xLTEtMS02MTkx_fa2f9c79-7f07-4cbc-ae8e-5d12b0b143ac


      contextRef=id9f16082bcdf4789bd136505a1e7943e_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185MS9mcmFnOjllNGRmYzJhODc3ODQ5OWY4Yjk0Yjk4NWRmNmUyOWVhL3RhYmxlOjcyMmM3MzllNTdjNDRlNDA5MDExYzljMDQzOTQ2MzA4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NzIyYzczOWU1N2M0NGU0MDkwMTFjOWMwNDM5NDYzMDhfMy0zLTEtMS02MTk0_4b2f92b0-1813-47ec-b614-9e0c243238f2


      contextRef=i5a11cb7301a44b2d9fab20ae524b7dd8_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185MS9mcmFnOjllNGRmYzJhODc3ODQ5OWY4Yjk0Yjk4NWRmNmUyOWVhL3RhYmxlOjcyMmM3MzllNTdjNDRlNDA5MDExYzljMDQzOTQ2MzA4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NzIyYzczOWU1N2M0NGU0MDkwMTFjOWMwNDM5NDYzMDhfMy0xLTEtMS0w_0e3b3a95-e603-4370-ac30-565437e4f9a3


      contextRef=iaea172bde87842eb9d9bda0f5345d71e_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185MS9mcmFnOjllNGRmYzJhODc3ODQ5OWY4Yjk0Yjk4NWRmNmUyOWVhL3RhYmxlOjcyMmM3MzllNTdjNDRlNDA5MDExYzljMDQzOTQ2MzA4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NzIyYzczOWU1N2M0NGU0MDkwMTFjOWMwNDM5NDYzMDhfMy0zLTEtMS0w_7e4ef2c0-b4ef-43a5-8b29-a62a89f36d13


      contextRef=i988acb15368b40c8b20c5770d9fc0609_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185MS9mcmFnOjllNGRmYzJhODc3ODQ5OWY4Yjk0Yjk4NWRmNmUyOWVhL3RhYmxlOjcyMmM3MzllNTdjNDRlNDA5MDExYzljMDQzOTQ2MzA4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NzIyYzczOWU1N2M0NGU0MDkwMTFjOWMwNDM5NDYzMDhfNC0xLTEtMS0w_5e880831-e9c5-41f3-adbd-45ee20347aa7


      contextRef=i2a71f6dca0034e74982d4f3039337c25_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185MS9mcmFnOjllNGRmYzJhODc3ODQ5OWY4Yjk0Yjk4NWRmNmUyOWVhL3RhYmxlOjcyMmM3MzllNTdjNDRlNDA5MDExYzljMDQzOTQ2MzA4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NzIyYzczOWU1N2M0NGU0MDkwMTFjOWMwNDM5NDYzMDhfNC0zLTEtMS0w_eb57a36f-0586-405f-96de-7d0364107aa4


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185MS9mcmFnOjllNGRmYzJhODc3ODQ5OWY4Yjk0Yjk4NWRmNmUyOWVhL3RhYmxlOjcyMmM3MzllNTdjNDRlNDA5MDExYzljMDQzOTQ2MzA4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NzIyYzczOWU1N2M0NGU0MDkwMTFjOWMwNDM5NDYzMDhfNS0xLTEtMS0w_2fd4103f-00aa-48f3-898a-2c223c5dbce8


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185MS9mcmFnOjllNGRmYzJhODc3ODQ5OWY4Yjk0Yjk4NWRmNmUyOWVhL3RhYmxlOjcyMmM3MzllNTdjNDRlNDA5MDExYzljMDQzOTQ2MzA4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NzIyYzczOWU1N2M0NGU0MDkwMTFjOWMwNDM5NDYzMDhfNS0zLTEtMS0w_05fc0055-5305-468f-9b63-b2f5c4f307b2


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185MS9mcmFnOjllNGRmYzJhODc3ODQ5OWY4Yjk0Yjk4NWRmNmUyOWVhL3RhYmxlOjcyMmM3MzllNTdjNDRlNDA5MDExYzljMDQzOTQ2MzA4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NzIyYzczOWU1N2M0NGU0MDkwMTFjOWMwNDM5NDYzMDhfNi0xLTEtMS0w_293fae0b-9863-48cd-a790-788c281273d5


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185MS9mcmFnOjllNGRmYzJhODc3ODQ5OWY4Yjk0Yjk4NWRmNmUyOWVhL3RhYmxlOjcyMmM3MzllNTdjNDRlNDA5MDExYzljMDQzOTQ2MzA4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NzIyYzczOWU1N2M0NGU0MDkwMTFjOWMwNDM5NDYzMDhfNi0zLTEtMS0w_e84eddd5-c9b8-4c70-9462-5eed50c27247


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185MS9mcmFnOjllNGRmYzJhODc3ODQ5OWY4Yjk0Yjk4NWRmNmUyOWVhL3RhYmxlOjcyMmM3MzllNTdjNDRlNDA5MDExYzljMDQzOTQ2MzA4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NzIyYzczOWU1N2M0NGU0MDkwMTFjOWMwNDM5NDYzMDhfNy0xLTEtMS0w_8d5c86bb-8ab1-459c-a9f3-894aa3550372


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185MS9mcmFnOjllNGRmYzJhODc3ODQ5OWY4Yjk0Yjk4NWRmNmUyOWVhL3RhYmxlOjcyMmM3MzllNTdjNDRlNDA5MDExYzljMDQzOTQ2MzA4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NzIyYzczOWU1N2M0NGU0MDkwMTFjOWMwNDM5NDYzMDhfNy0zLTEtMS0w_86357cb9-3244-4ac6-9879-09e48dbfacb6


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185MS9mcmFnOjllNGRmYzJhODc3ODQ5OWY4Yjk0Yjk4NWRmNmUyOWVhL3RleHRyZWdpb246OWU0ZGZjMmE4Nzc4NDk5ZjhiOTRiOTg1ZGY2ZTI5ZWFfOTA_3dc22800-cc64-4d77-9443-6e460e94b1c9


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185MS9mcmFnOjllNGRmYzJhODc3ODQ5OWY4Yjk0Yjk4NWRmNmUyOWVhL3RleHRyZWdpb246OWU0ZGZjMmE4Nzc4NDk5ZjhiOTRiOTg1ZGY2ZTI5ZWFfOTc_ebb010c1-59ab-4d02-b2b2-de4e0416c557


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185MS9mcmFnOjllNGRmYzJhODc3ODQ5OWY4Yjk0Yjk4NWRmNmUyOWVhL3RleHRyZWdpb246OWU0ZGZjMmE4Nzc4NDk5ZjhiOTRiOTg1ZGY2ZTI5ZWFfMjc0ODc3OTA2OTkzNg_4ce20e1b-f261-4336-b2ee-cddd18b5f9a4


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

 Dolly Madison&#xae;
 Cloverhill&#xae;
 and Big Texas&#xae; brands. The In-Store Bakery segment consists primarily of Superior on Main&#xae; branded products sold through the in-store bakery section of grocery and club stores. During the year ended December&#160;31
 2019
 the Company divested its In-Store Bakery business. As of December&#160;31
 2019

&lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;Year Ended&lt;br/&gt;December 31
&lt;br/&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;Year Ended&lt;br/&gt;December 31


































&lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;December 31

097

924


097

010


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RleHRyZWdpb246NTJkODc5ODg1YmM5NDIxYzlmZmJmZjFlYjZiZDhjMmFfMjg_8a32f1ff-142d-4d46-9289-011628c15611


      contextRef=ie7526bc598194bf1a47cf032329785fe_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RleHRyZWdpb246NTJkODc5ODg1YmM5NDIxYzlmZmJmZjFlYjZiZDhjMmFfMTk3OTEyMDkzMDE5NDc_accdbbf8-36bb-441f-a36b-6329a1727abc


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

&lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;Year Ended&lt;br/&gt;December 31
&lt;br/&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;Year Ended&lt;br/&gt;December 31


































&lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;December 31

097

924


097

010


      contextRef=i2a531a0a91f342659dd88e5daafb48be_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOmE0ZWZhNTJkNTM1YzRiMjBhMDM4ODM1NGM0MTIzZjZkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YTRlZmE1MmQ1MzVjNGIyMGEwMzg4MzU0YzQxMjNmNmRfMy0xLTEtMS0xNzAw_dc8c4ee5-89aa-4735-a05e-9ef58a53e001


      contextRef=i1e89c056543048df9614a0cf7384bc08_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOmE0ZWZhNTJkNTM1YzRiMjBhMDM4ODM1NGM0MTIzZjZkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YTRlZmE1MmQ1MzVjNGIyMGEwMzg4MzU0YzQxMjNmNmRfMy0xLTEtMS0w_9fd8d24e-a76e-46d7-b08c-a7449ce3537f


      contextRef=ica3f3cec7c57405bbca661f26d321492_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOmE0ZWZhNTJkNTM1YzRiMjBhMDM4ODM1NGM0MTIzZjZkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YTRlZmE1MmQ1MzVjNGIyMGEwMzg4MzU0YzQxMjNmNmRfMy0zLTEtMS0w_57dd2701-8489-48b0-8382-8d45fc9c91fa


      contextRef=ia54bdf2a392849a49dee2c0bd9cb0ef5_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOmE0ZWZhNTJkNTM1YzRiMjBhMDM4ODM1NGM0MTIzZjZkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YTRlZmE1MmQ1MzVjNGIyMGEwMzg4MzU0YzQxMjNmNmRfNC0xLTEtMS0xNzAw_b2e2bc92-a2d2-400d-85db-b30aead750e5


      contextRef=i01d84fe403ea4556a0fb6862de5d8ead_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOmE0ZWZhNTJkNTM1YzRiMjBhMDM4ODM1NGM0MTIzZjZkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YTRlZmE1MmQ1MzVjNGIyMGEwMzg4MzU0YzQxMjNmNmRfNC0xLTEtMS0w_b0d643f7-7e0f-4456-b0a1-1b168ad35e43


      contextRef=i17d89dc552834d86abbdd1036f543496_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOmE0ZWZhNTJkNTM1YzRiMjBhMDM4ODM1NGM0MTIzZjZkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YTRlZmE1MmQ1MzVjNGIyMGEwMzg4MzU0YzQxMjNmNmRfNC0zLTEtMS0w_418fdea8-5507-47e9-9b6b-7c099b6b2d4e


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOmE0ZWZhNTJkNTM1YzRiMjBhMDM4ODM1NGM0MTIzZjZkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YTRlZmE1MmQ1MzVjNGIyMGEwMzg4MzU0YzQxMjNmNmRfNS0xLTEtMS0xNzE3_9f909dc0-051b-4a92-91b3-69786d98b90f


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOmE0ZWZhNTJkNTM1YzRiMjBhMDM4ODM1NGM0MTIzZjZkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YTRlZmE1MmQ1MzVjNGIyMGEwMzg4MzU0YzQxMjNmNmRfNS0xLTEtMS0w_0605bf9d-c5da-4e82-a9d5-2f89e29de8d2


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOmE0ZWZhNTJkNTM1YzRiMjBhMDM4ODM1NGM0MTIzZjZkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YTRlZmE1MmQ1MzVjNGIyMGEwMzg4MzU0YzQxMjNmNmRfNS0zLTEtMS0w_8e204b2a-db7d-49c9-931b-ca9cfacc856d


      contextRef=i2a531a0a91f342659dd88e5daafb48be_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOmE0ZWZhNTJkNTM1YzRiMjBhMDM4ODM1NGM0MTIzZjZkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YTRlZmE1MmQ1MzVjNGIyMGEwMzg4MzU0YzQxMjNmNmRfOC0xLTEtMS0xNzAy_d8f4aa8c-ebcf-410d-810c-7a6ecec92f3b


      contextRef=i1e89c056543048df9614a0cf7384bc08_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOmE0ZWZhNTJkNTM1YzRiMjBhMDM4ODM1NGM0MTIzZjZkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YTRlZmE1MmQ1MzVjNGIyMGEwMzg4MzU0YzQxMjNmNmRfOC0xLTEtMS0w_3de7d0f5-4ccd-42ab-9132-d1ad2768cb55


      contextRef=ica3f3cec7c57405bbca661f26d321492_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOmE0ZWZhNTJkNTM1YzRiMjBhMDM4ODM1NGM0MTIzZjZkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YTRlZmE1MmQ1MzVjNGIyMGEwMzg4MzU0YzQxMjNmNmRfOC0zLTEtMS0w_d3cab00c-9b92-47cd-bfa7-4bb218c9ae3e


      contextRef=ia54bdf2a392849a49dee2c0bd9cb0ef5_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOmE0ZWZhNTJkNTM1YzRiMjBhMDM4ODM1NGM0MTIzZjZkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YTRlZmE1MmQ1MzVjNGIyMGEwMzg4MzU0YzQxMjNmNmRfOS0xLTEtMS0xNzAy_27a03a17-ba9a-44d5-92ec-29ad1542d8b3


      contextRef=i01d84fe403ea4556a0fb6862de5d8ead_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOmE0ZWZhNTJkNTM1YzRiMjBhMDM4ODM1NGM0MTIzZjZkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YTRlZmE1MmQ1MzVjNGIyMGEwMzg4MzU0YzQxMjNmNmRfOS0xLTEtMS0w_db92b39f-965d-439c-a0ff-916419b85fea


      contextRef=i17d89dc552834d86abbdd1036f543496_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOmE0ZWZhNTJkNTM1YzRiMjBhMDM4ODM1NGM0MTIzZjZkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YTRlZmE1MmQ1MzVjNGIyMGEwMzg4MzU0YzQxMjNmNmRfOS0zLTEtMS0w_4e1cc612-042e-40a8-ab93-a8526be46116


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOmE0ZWZhNTJkNTM1YzRiMjBhMDM4ODM1NGM0MTIzZjZkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YTRlZmE1MmQ1MzVjNGIyMGEwMzg4MzU0YzQxMjNmNmRfMTAtMS0xLTEtNjEyMA_96998b9e-b2ca-4a84-b2ac-22a3bee8ec6b


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOmE0ZWZhNTJkNTM1YzRiMjBhMDM4ODM1NGM0MTIzZjZkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YTRlZmE1MmQ1MzVjNGIyMGEwMzg4MzU0YzQxMjNmNmRfMTAtMS0xLTEtMA_667d7a48-72dd-451e-a70b-a617edc071d5


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOmE0ZWZhNTJkNTM1YzRiMjBhMDM4ODM1NGM0MTIzZjZkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YTRlZmE1MmQ1MzVjNGIyMGEwMzg4MzU0YzQxMjNmNmRfMTAtMy0xLTEtMA_81c214d7-60bf-45a4-a6f8-aecdb0ee6531


      contextRef=i2a531a0a91f342659dd88e5daafb48be_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOmE0ZWZhNTJkNTM1YzRiMjBhMDM4ODM1NGM0MTIzZjZkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YTRlZmE1MmQ1MzVjNGIyMGEwMzg4MzU0YzQxMjNmNmRfMTMtMS0xLTEtMTcwNA_e0083941-64af-460f-bc0d-e80e4dc40010


      contextRef=i1e89c056543048df9614a0cf7384bc08_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOmE0ZWZhNTJkNTM1YzRiMjBhMDM4ODM1NGM0MTIzZjZkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YTRlZmE1MmQ1MzVjNGIyMGEwMzg4MzU0YzQxMjNmNmRfMTMtMS0xLTEtMA_4475a762-260c-40d9-b42e-a1ca552ad173


      contextRef=ica3f3cec7c57405bbca661f26d321492_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOmE0ZWZhNTJkNTM1YzRiMjBhMDM4ODM1NGM0MTIzZjZkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YTRlZmE1MmQ1MzVjNGIyMGEwMzg4MzU0YzQxMjNmNmRfMTMtMy0xLTEtMA_36c2b914-6de3-4827-8921-3c3721bf08f6


      contextRef=ia54bdf2a392849a49dee2c0bd9cb0ef5_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOmE0ZWZhNTJkNTM1YzRiMjBhMDM4ODM1NGM0MTIzZjZkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YTRlZmE1MmQ1MzVjNGIyMGEwMzg4MzU0YzQxMjNmNmRfMTQtMS0xLTEtMTcwNA_1a5c63a7-01df-4ab2-b97e-1d5073f6459e


      contextRef=i01d84fe403ea4556a0fb6862de5d8ead_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOmE0ZWZhNTJkNTM1YzRiMjBhMDM4ODM1NGM0MTIzZjZkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YTRlZmE1MmQ1MzVjNGIyMGEwMzg4MzU0YzQxMjNmNmRfMTQtMS0xLTEtMA_92bcef70-bb8c-4d4b-b8a6-69449e9a32e4


      contextRef=i17d89dc552834d86abbdd1036f543496_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOmE0ZWZhNTJkNTM1YzRiMjBhMDM4ODM1NGM0MTIzZjZkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YTRlZmE1MmQ1MzVjNGIyMGEwMzg4MzU0YzQxMjNmNmRfMTQtMy0xLTEtMA_cc4e3563-a325-43c3-bcb1-94d2dacc7ae9


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOmE0ZWZhNTJkNTM1YzRiMjBhMDM4ODM1NGM0MTIzZjZkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YTRlZmE1MmQ1MzVjNGIyMGEwMzg4MzU0YzQxMjNmNmRfMTUtMS0xLTEtNjEyMg_d20bb8f9-20fa-489b-9b65-7b5ae3100b7f


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOmE0ZWZhNTJkNTM1YzRiMjBhMDM4ODM1NGM0MTIzZjZkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YTRlZmE1MmQ1MzVjNGIyMGEwMzg4MzU0YzQxMjNmNmRfMTUtMS0xLTEtMA_0567ac3d-bf19-461b-ba4d-df17098e84cd


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOmE0ZWZhNTJkNTM1YzRiMjBhMDM4ODM1NGM0MTIzZjZkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YTRlZmE1MmQ1MzVjNGIyMGEwMzg4MzU0YzQxMjNmNmRfMTUtMy0xLTEtMA_3dd54f5c-a49e-4cde-b0e5-17b6b0d2946a


      contextRef=i2a531a0a91f342659dd88e5daafb48be_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOmE0ZWZhNTJkNTM1YzRiMjBhMDM4ODM1NGM0MTIzZjZkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YTRlZmE1MmQ1MzVjNGIyMGEwMzg4MzU0YzQxMjNmNmRfMTgtMS0xLTEtMTcxMA_fbd0c4d1-c4dc-4f43-882b-ca39cb921a90


      contextRef=i1e89c056543048df9614a0cf7384bc08_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOmE0ZWZhNTJkNTM1YzRiMjBhMDM4ODM1NGM0MTIzZjZkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YTRlZmE1MmQ1MzVjNGIyMGEwMzg4MzU0YzQxMjNmNmRfMTgtMS0xLTEtMA_ac3dc55f-606f-4387-8ce5-9d5e8a8b2e69


      contextRef=ica3f3cec7c57405bbca661f26d321492_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOmE0ZWZhNTJkNTM1YzRiMjBhMDM4ODM1NGM0MTIzZjZkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YTRlZmE1MmQ1MzVjNGIyMGEwMzg4MzU0YzQxMjNmNmRfMTgtMy0xLTEtMA_d63a4558-8a10-417c-ae34-88087fe96b05


      contextRef=ia54bdf2a392849a49dee2c0bd9cb0ef5_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOmE0ZWZhNTJkNTM1YzRiMjBhMDM4ODM1NGM0MTIzZjZkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YTRlZmE1MmQ1MzVjNGIyMGEwMzg4MzU0YzQxMjNmNmRfMTktMS0xLTEtMTcxMA_f64077d5-0c6b-46f2-846a-66abd8bf09cb


      contextRef=i01d84fe403ea4556a0fb6862de5d8ead_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOmE0ZWZhNTJkNTM1YzRiMjBhMDM4ODM1NGM0MTIzZjZkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YTRlZmE1MmQ1MzVjNGIyMGEwMzg4MzU0YzQxMjNmNmRfMTktMS0xLTEtMA_718d44cf-b782-499a-bcde-a91cd3712fb9


      contextRef=i17d89dc552834d86abbdd1036f543496_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOmE0ZWZhNTJkNTM1YzRiMjBhMDM4ODM1NGM0MTIzZjZkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YTRlZmE1MmQ1MzVjNGIyMGEwMzg4MzU0YzQxMjNmNmRfMTktMy0xLTEtMA_45e72919-e240-49d4-84d1-2d01fed3fa58


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOmE0ZWZhNTJkNTM1YzRiMjBhMDM4ODM1NGM0MTIzZjZkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YTRlZmE1MmQ1MzVjNGIyMGEwMzg4MzU0YzQxMjNmNmRfMjAtMS0xLTEtNjEyNA_45d9bbd8-808b-4bbe-bd66-0f00ec461f48


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOmE0ZWZhNTJkNTM1YzRiMjBhMDM4ODM1NGM0MTIzZjZkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YTRlZmE1MmQ1MzVjNGIyMGEwMzg4MzU0YzQxMjNmNmRfMjAtMS0xLTEtMA_a00752de-812f-4435-8ef8-17d332dc75e6


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOmE0ZWZhNTJkNTM1YzRiMjBhMDM4ODM1NGM0MTIzZjZkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YTRlZmE1MmQ1MzVjNGIyMGEwMzg4MzU0YzQxMjNmNmRfMjAtMy0xLTEtMA_a8b80723-cff6-46c4-8140-6327a03912b7


      contextRef=i953c07bdd79a417fad64490203c1eaa5_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOjM0Y2ZkZGJmYTU0NDRiYjNhNjFiMWJjZjE5MWE3MjAyL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzRjZmRkYmZhNTQ0NGJiM2E2MWIxYmNmMTkxYTcyMDJfMy0xLTEtMS0w_6f21b527-00b1-4fe7-8eb9-4f54e87d59fc


      contextRef=ib8ef717d25b04902a50d914e1804e343_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOjM0Y2ZkZGJmYTU0NDRiYjNhNjFiMWJjZjE5MWE3MjAyL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzRjZmRkYmZhNTQ0NGJiM2E2MWIxYmNmMTkxYTcyMDJfMy00LTEtMS0w_153546ab-c4f5-4b3e-9d2a-cfee15f77a55


      contextRef=ie7526bc598194bf1a47cf032329785fe_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOjM0Y2ZkZGJmYTU0NDRiYjNhNjFiMWJjZjE5MWE3MjAyL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzRjZmRkYmZhNTQ0NGJiM2E2MWIxYmNmMTkxYTcyMDJfNC0xLTEtMS0w_6a1fa16b-97c0-49f4-90fe-9699e7d2e4ff


      contextRef=i607a7e6daece42d8a0fdedfdd2340131_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOjM0Y2ZkZGJmYTU0NDRiYjNhNjFiMWJjZjE5MWE3MjAyL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzRjZmRkYmZhNTQ0NGJiM2E2MWIxYmNmMTkxYTcyMDJfNC00LTEtMS0w_19016bcb-070f-4d80-b53b-593e3b26c750


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOjM0Y2ZkZGJmYTU0NDRiYjNhNjFiMWJjZjE5MWE3MjAyL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzRjZmRkYmZhNTQ0NGJiM2E2MWIxYmNmMTkxYTcyMDJfNS0xLTEtMS0w_093467ee-dda2-4fd8-a5d8-f23141ead91e


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185NC9mcmFnOjUyZDg3OTg4NWJjOTQyMWM5ZmZiZmYxZWI2YmQ4YzJhL3RhYmxlOjM0Y2ZkZGJmYTU0NDRiYjNhNjFiMWJjZjE5MWE3MjAyL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzRjZmRkYmZhNTQ0NGJiM2E2MWIxYmNmMTkxYTcyMDJfNS00LTEtMS0w_bac236ae-97c4-49d5-8e0f-db10136d2df3


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

 2019 and 2018 were recognized as part of the 2016 purchase of Hostess Holdings from the Metropoulos Entities and other legacy equity holders
 as well as the acquisition of the Cloverhill Business in 2018.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:12pt;&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;During the years ended December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 the Company recognized goodwill impairment charges related to its In-Store Bakery reporting unit of $1.0 million and $2.7&#160;million
 respectively
 within other operating expense on the consolidated statements of operations. During the year ended December&#160;31
 2019





















&lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;December 31

408

410






853

901

 2019
the Company divested of its In-Store Bakery segment
 resulting in a reduction of intangible assets
 net of $24.5&#160;million. Amortization expense was $23.4&#160;million
 $24.1&#160;million and $23.9 million for the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018 and 2017 respectively. The unamortized portion of customer relationships will be expensed over their remaining useful life
 from 19 to 23 years. The weighted-average amortization period as of December&#160;31








      contextRef=ia54bdf2a392849a49dee2c0bd9cb0ef5_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RleHRyZWdpb246MmRlZGQyNTRiNGY3NDVmOThjOWE1ZWMwYzZmNzY3YmFfMzI5ODUzNDg4NTM4MA_74ae5249-520b-4c3d-96f3-f3909b09c8d0


      contextRef=i01d84fe403ea4556a0fb6862de5d8ead_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RleHRyZWdpb246MmRlZGQyNTRiNGY3NDVmOThjOWE1ZWMwYzZmNzY3YmFfOTM0NTg0ODgzOTMxMg_e2224513-00a6-498a-a50c-21746c655ea0


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231






















      contextRef=i7d843c2b31cc4bdd97a8614b836f9ce6_I20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RhYmxlOjNiZjkwNDZlN2UyMzQ5ODY5ZGE2YThmMDlhMTQ2YjI1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6M2JmOTA0NmU3ZTIzNDk4NjlkYTZhOGYwOWExNDZiMjVfMy0xLTEtMS0w_dbc03e2b-372c-46c9-9f21-0118c4f1a02a


      contextRef=ibf41ce7d8a304d19a949f63fd9cd5a79_I20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RhYmxlOjNiZjkwNDZlN2UyMzQ5ODY5ZGE2YThmMDlhMTQ2YjI1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6M2JmOTA0NmU3ZTIzNDk4NjlkYTZhOGYwOWExNDZiMjVfMy0zLTEtMS0w_08a56a30-3ff5-46ba-8770-fc080ba31ab5


      contextRef=ie22ce43e6bcc4bcf8a62710ef8cf06d7_I20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RhYmxlOjNiZjkwNDZlN2UyMzQ5ODY5ZGE2YThmMDlhMTQ2YjI1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6M2JmOTA0NmU3ZTIzNDk4NjlkYTZhOGYwOWExNDZiMjVfMy01LTEtMS0w_bbba03dc-912d-44ef-91e2-f6f78950b16b


      contextRef=i1e89c056543048df9614a0cf7384bc08_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RhYmxlOjNiZjkwNDZlN2UyMzQ5ODY5ZGE2YThmMDlhMTQ2YjI1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6M2JmOTA0NmU3ZTIzNDk4NjlkYTZhOGYwOWExNDZiMjVfNC0xLTEtMS0w_46beb975-1b30-43a1-bd9b-cfd0c9272158


      contextRef=i01d84fe403ea4556a0fb6862de5d8ead_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RhYmxlOjNiZjkwNDZlN2UyMzQ5ODY5ZGE2YThmMDlhMTQ2YjI1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6M2JmOTA0NmU3ZTIzNDk4NjlkYTZhOGYwOWExNDZiMjVfNC0zLTEtMS0w_e2224513-00a6-498a-a50c-21746c655ea0


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RhYmxlOjNiZjkwNDZlN2UyMzQ5ODY5ZGE2YThmMDlhMTQ2YjI1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6M2JmOTA0NmU3ZTIzNDk4NjlkYTZhOGYwOWExNDZiMjVfNC01LTEtMS0w_bba63c12-651f-4c1b-8132-fcbfe09797e9


      contextRef=i1e89c056543048df9614a0cf7384bc08_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RhYmxlOjNiZjkwNDZlN2UyMzQ5ODY5ZGE2YThmMDlhMTQ2YjI1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6M2JmOTA0NmU3ZTIzNDk4NjlkYTZhOGYwOWExNDZiMjVfNS0xLTEtMS0w_ad186e2c-9cc4-416f-9d7c-fb3acd4d63c8


      contextRef=i01d84fe403ea4556a0fb6862de5d8ead_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RhYmxlOjNiZjkwNDZlN2UyMzQ5ODY5ZGE2YThmMDlhMTQ2YjI1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6M2JmOTA0NmU3ZTIzNDk4NjlkYTZhOGYwOWExNDZiMjVfNS0zLTEtMS0w_fd70a903-0463-4877-93ed-0634b7cdd899


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RhYmxlOjNiZjkwNDZlN2UyMzQ5ODY5ZGE2YThmMDlhMTQ2YjI1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6M2JmOTA0NmU3ZTIzNDk4NjlkYTZhOGYwOWExNDZiMjVfNS01LTEtMS0w_a0404783-3772-4b10-8fc8-73bd0871eb93


      contextRef=ib8ef717d25b04902a50d914e1804e343_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RhYmxlOjNiZjkwNDZlN2UyMzQ5ODY5ZGE2YThmMDlhMTQ2YjI1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6M2JmOTA0NmU3ZTIzNDk4NjlkYTZhOGYwOWExNDZiMjVfNi0xLTEtMS0w_b9ef0146-3256-47d6-8d67-5a1e384e9b04


      contextRef=i607a7e6daece42d8a0fdedfdd2340131_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RhYmxlOjNiZjkwNDZlN2UyMzQ5ODY5ZGE2YThmMDlhMTQ2YjI1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6M2JmOTA0NmU3ZTIzNDk4NjlkYTZhOGYwOWExNDZiMjVfNi0zLTEtMS0w_a88667c4-da7b-497e-b2b8-f5d63bb9ae06


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RhYmxlOjNiZjkwNDZlN2UyMzQ5ODY5ZGE2YThmMDlhMTQ2YjI1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6M2JmOTA0NmU3ZTIzNDk4NjlkYTZhOGYwOWExNDZiMjVfNi01LTEtMS0w_1fa44139-626c-4504-9f2d-aa9cc996b8f1


      contextRef=i2a531a0a91f342659dd88e5daafb48be_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RhYmxlOjNiZjkwNDZlN2UyMzQ5ODY5ZGE2YThmMDlhMTQ2YjI1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6M2JmOTA0NmU3ZTIzNDk4NjlkYTZhOGYwOWExNDZiMjVfNS0xLTEtMS0xNzk2_88679c3c-df92-4f80-accf-c3a81f93547d


      contextRef=ia54bdf2a392849a49dee2c0bd9cb0ef5_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RhYmxlOjNiZjkwNDZlN2UyMzQ5ODY5ZGE2YThmMDlhMTQ2YjI1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6M2JmOTA0NmU3ZTIzNDk4NjlkYTZhOGYwOWExNDZiMjVfNS0zLTEtMS0xNzk2_d989e137-bb3e-4ab8-93fa-0bc50964de9c


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RhYmxlOjNiZjkwNDZlN2UyMzQ5ODY5ZGE2YThmMDlhMTQ2YjI1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6M2JmOTA0NmU3ZTIzNDk4NjlkYTZhOGYwOWExNDZiMjVfNS01LTEtMS0xNzk2_dd81140d-ba81-4856-aeff-5aa9ce71ff25


      contextRef=i2a531a0a91f342659dd88e5daafb48be_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RhYmxlOjNiZjkwNDZlN2UyMzQ5ODY5ZGE2YThmMDlhMTQ2YjI1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6M2JmOTA0NmU3ZTIzNDk4NjlkYTZhOGYwOWExNDZiMjVfNi0xLTEtMS00Nzcz_3767a1d9-f15b-4c63-b142-d79776ba2f57


      contextRef=ia54bdf2a392849a49dee2c0bd9cb0ef5_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RhYmxlOjNiZjkwNDZlN2UyMzQ5ODY5ZGE2YThmMDlhMTQ2YjI1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6M2JmOTA0NmU3ZTIzNDk4NjlkYTZhOGYwOWExNDZiMjVfNi0zLTEtMS00Nzc2_93c5c7ab-05fa-46ad-8232-0378f94d0701


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RhYmxlOjNiZjkwNDZlN2UyMzQ5ODY5ZGE2YThmMDlhMTQ2YjI1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6M2JmOTA0NmU3ZTIzNDk4NjlkYTZhOGYwOWExNDZiMjVfNi01LTEtMS00Nzc5_acac22cc-4381-4141-9701-768bb7038f4c


      contextRef=i953c07bdd79a417fad64490203c1eaa5_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RhYmxlOjNiZjkwNDZlN2UyMzQ5ODY5ZGE2YThmMDlhMTQ2YjI1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6M2JmOTA0NmU3ZTIzNDk4NjlkYTZhOGYwOWExNDZiMjVfNy0xLTEtMS0xODAy_0d84dd78-4918-4b47-ba38-5466cdc614ec


      contextRef=ie7526bc598194bf1a47cf032329785fe_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RhYmxlOjNiZjkwNDZlN2UyMzQ5ODY5ZGE2YThmMDlhMTQ2YjI1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6M2JmOTA0NmU3ZTIzNDk4NjlkYTZhOGYwOWExNDZiMjVfNy0zLTEtMS0xODAz_05566208-d10d-4670-a9b6-c909eab0e3ec


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RhYmxlOjNiZjkwNDZlN2UyMzQ5ODY5ZGE2YThmMDlhMTQ2YjI1L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6M2JmOTA0NmU3ZTIzNDk4NjlkYTZhOGYwOWExNDZiMjVfNy01LTEtMS0xODA2_4e28ab33-1bcf-4b55-9ddf-5bb46f6588c5


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

&lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;December 31

408

410






853

901


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

&lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;December 31

408

410






853

901


      contextRef=i07676985554c4798ad4e10c805cc4b02_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RhYmxlOjg2NmNhNjA3YmJjOTRkYjViMjk2ODdlZDMwNWM5MTJkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODY2Y2E2MDdiYmM5NGRiNWIyOTY4N2VkMzA1YzkxMmRfMS0xLTEtMS0w_d799a7a5-8144-4e42-85ef-8a08b8e77f66


      contextRef=i20b92bd9d74b4f779c3be301973e5221_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RhYmxlOjg2NmNhNjA3YmJjOTRkYjViMjk2ODdlZDMwNWM5MTJkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODY2Y2E2MDdiYmM5NGRiNWIyOTY4N2VkMzA1YzkxMmRfMS0zLTEtMS0w_ca05e8b1-2954-4d61-8f7d-e2149f2bb0ab


      contextRef=ic0322d20a5ee4621bde1285691fa251e_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RhYmxlOjg2NmNhNjA3YmJjOTRkYjViMjk2ODdlZDMwNWM5MTJkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODY2Y2E2MDdiYmM5NGRiNWIyOTY4N2VkMzA1YzkxMmRfMi0xLTEtMS0w_dcc9cc79-a2f6-4da9-ad8c-af16512e7678


      contextRef=i3ab8d6f4612e41c6a62413106c0bde09_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RhYmxlOjg2NmNhNjA3YmJjOTRkYjViMjk2ODdlZDMwNWM5MTJkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODY2Y2E2MDdiYmM5NGRiNWIyOTY4N2VkMzA1YzkxMmRfMi0zLTEtMS0w_98930349-8184-459b-bb26-752efac3ac08


      contextRef=ic0322d20a5ee4621bde1285691fa251e_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RhYmxlOjg2NmNhNjA3YmJjOTRkYjViMjk2ODdlZDMwNWM5MTJkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODY2Y2E2MDdiYmM5NGRiNWIyOTY4N2VkMzA1YzkxMmRfMy0xLTEtMS0w_88ee5998-cfbf-4b9e-aa02-bd7881e6a018


      contextRef=i3ab8d6f4612e41c6a62413106c0bde09_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RhYmxlOjg2NmNhNjA3YmJjOTRkYjViMjk2ODdlZDMwNWM5MTJkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODY2Y2E2MDdiYmM5NGRiNWIyOTY4N2VkMzA1YzkxMmRfMy0zLTEtMS0w_3bf8a76d-0816-4fc2-b7b7-8db5c84cd9f7


      contextRef=i07103ff715b645a280a5984ef1ef0774_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RhYmxlOjg2NmNhNjA3YmJjOTRkYjViMjk2ODdlZDMwNWM5MTJkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODY2Y2E2MDdiYmM5NGRiNWIyOTY4N2VkMzA1YzkxMmRfNC0xLTEtMS0w_69f58169-3db5-4173-8edd-f51815581e20


      contextRef=i7a1d16175cab405c81332b030766e5a0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RhYmxlOjg2NmNhNjA3YmJjOTRkYjViMjk2ODdlZDMwNWM5MTJkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODY2Y2E2MDdiYmM5NGRiNWIyOTY4N2VkMzA1YzkxMmRfNC0zLTEtMS0w_90d738ff-40fb-4dfc-a004-3f1fb5e80d51


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RhYmxlOjg2NmNhNjA3YmJjOTRkYjViMjk2ODdlZDMwNWM5MTJkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODY2Y2E2MDdiYmM5NGRiNWIyOTY4N2VkMzA1YzkxMmRfNS0xLTEtMS0w_f82036fa-2026-4537-9cbe-006156179775


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RhYmxlOjg2NmNhNjA3YmJjOTRkYjViMjk2ODdlZDMwNWM5MTJkL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODY2Y2E2MDdiYmM5NGRiNWIyOTY4N2VkMzA1YzkxMmRfNS0zLTEtMS0w_c91589a1-cc1c-4422-b269-54c40a59eded


      contextRef=ia54bdf2a392849a49dee2c0bd9cb0ef5_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RleHRyZWdpb246MmRlZGQyNTRiNGY3NDVmOThjOWE1ZWMwYzZmNzY3YmFfMTk3OTEyMDkzMDM3NDQ_b5ec9584-78bc-4f75-b047-5f42c83688b4


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RleHRyZWdpb246MmRlZGQyNTRiNGY3NDVmOThjOWE1ZWMwYzZmNzY3YmFfNjA0NzMxMzk1NjUzNw_57d89691-aba5-4af4-b974-04bae90b98c1


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RleHRyZWdpb246MmRlZGQyNTRiNGY3NDVmOThjOWE1ZWMwYzZmNzY3YmFfNDM5ODA0NjUxMzIxMg_66e3b67b-f565-4f84-a58d-2ead96312f2f


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RleHRyZWdpb246MmRlZGQyNTRiNGY3NDVmOThjOWE1ZWMwYzZmNzY3YmFfMTA3Mw_e8a61016-ad44-45e9-82b3-4009cc240c44


      contextRef=i5de76bc7f3e64d43b816ae22fecdceb1_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i04cd52d5903b4f2f97ad6a9c9bb7ad5d_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=ic8a9aace28824ffbb17f7e585e66ff77_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231








      contextRef=ic0322d20a5ee4621bde1285691fa251e_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RhYmxlOmVkYzhhZWJjN2Y5OTRkMDc5ZTAyNTU1MTI5OTgwZjk2L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZWRjOGFlYmM3Zjk5NGQwNzllMDI1NTUxMjk5ODBmOTZfMS0xLTEtMS0w_eb9a2bf2-e34b-4bf2-bc0b-a58f77d0d5ad


      contextRef=ic0322d20a5ee4621bde1285691fa251e_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RhYmxlOmVkYzhhZWJjN2Y5OTRkMDc5ZTAyNTU1MTI5OTgwZjk2L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZWRjOGFlYmM3Zjk5NGQwNzllMDI1NTUxMjk5ODBmOTZfMi0xLTEtMS0w_9fc41aef-435c-49ca-b617-af41afd2099d


      contextRef=ic0322d20a5ee4621bde1285691fa251e_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RhYmxlOmVkYzhhZWJjN2Y5OTRkMDc5ZTAyNTU1MTI5OTgwZjk2L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZWRjOGFlYmM3Zjk5NGQwNzllMDI1NTUxMjk5ODBmOTZfMy0xLTEtMS0w_51e2044e-2960-48ec-bd28-dcb5acd72d5e


      contextRef=ic0322d20a5ee4621bde1285691fa251e_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RhYmxlOmVkYzhhZWJjN2Y5OTRkMDc5ZTAyNTU1MTI5OTgwZjk2L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZWRjOGFlYmM3Zjk5NGQwNzllMDI1NTUxMjk5ODBmOTZfNC0xLTEtMS0w_802d9666-c146-4b11-b262-c13e0b9a1b0f


      contextRef=ic0322d20a5ee4621bde1285691fa251e_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RhYmxlOmVkYzhhZWJjN2Y5OTRkMDc5ZTAyNTU1MTI5OTgwZjk2L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZWRjOGFlYmM3Zjk5NGQwNzllMDI1NTUxMjk5ODBmOTZfNS0xLTEtMS0w_81b0a6cd-e56d-4c40-81a8-5afc3d9c0129


      contextRef=ic0322d20a5ee4621bde1285691fa251e_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N185Ny9mcmFnOjJkZWRkMjU0YjRmNzQ1Zjk4YzlhNWVjMGM2Zjc2N2JhL3RhYmxlOmVkYzhhZWJjN2Y5OTRkMDc5ZTAyNTU1MTI5OTgwZjk2L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZWRjOGFlYmM3Zjk5NGQwNzllMDI1NTUxMjk5ODBmOTZfNi0xLTEtMS0w_cce0fd8b-7852-4c3f-aa08-31ae0292004d


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231







 vacation and other compensation&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;3










      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231







 vacation and other compensation&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;3










      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDAvZnJhZzo1NjhkMzk3ZjNmNjQ0MTczYjhkNGIyMGQ3NWQ0MmE3NS90YWJsZTo2OTczZGRjYmE5Yzc0ZmEzYTU0MjBiZjBhYjBiMmQzNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjY5NzNkZGNiYTljNzRmYTNhNTQyMGJmMGFiMGIyZDM1XzItMS0xLTEtMA_1efb7ff9-3ebe-47d4-9e2f-dfb2713e79d6


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDAvZnJhZzo1NjhkMzk3ZjNmNjQ0MTczYjhkNGIyMGQ3NWQ0MmE3NS90YWJsZTo2OTczZGRjYmE5Yzc0ZmEzYTU0MjBiZjBhYjBiMmQzNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjY5NzNkZGNiYTljNzRmYTNhNTQyMGJmMGFiMGIyZDM1XzItNC0xLTEtMA_69a1f3b1-c018-47cf-824a-acb63541d8b3


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDAvZnJhZzo1NjhkMzk3ZjNmNjQ0MTczYjhkNGIyMGQ3NWQ0MmE3NS90YWJsZTo2OTczZGRjYmE5Yzc0ZmEzYTU0MjBiZjBhYjBiMmQzNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjY5NzNkZGNiYTljNzRmYTNhNTQyMGJmMGFiMGIyZDM1XzMtMS0xLTEtNjI0Mw_603c7a01-7b25-4a5c-b0fa-639b7949729e


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDAvZnJhZzo1NjhkMzk3ZjNmNjQ0MTczYjhkNGIyMGQ3NWQ0MmE3NS90YWJsZTo2OTczZGRjYmE5Yzc0ZmEzYTU0MjBiZjBhYjBiMmQzNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjY5NzNkZGNiYTljNzRmYTNhNTQyMGJmMGFiMGIyZDM1XzMtNC0xLTEtNjI0Mw_2008a065-599e-4b9d-a2bf-c82e9470f234


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDAvZnJhZzo1NjhkMzk3ZjNmNjQ0MTczYjhkNGIyMGQ3NWQ0MmE3NS90YWJsZTo2OTczZGRjYmE5Yzc0ZmEzYTU0MjBiZjBhYjBiMmQzNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjY5NzNkZGNiYTljNzRmYTNhNTQyMGJmMGFiMGIyZDM1XzMtMS0xLTEtMA_99baf6c0-f5ae-473b-b43e-9a7b1e4b45a9


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDAvZnJhZzo1NjhkMzk3ZjNmNjQ0MTczYjhkNGIyMGQ3NWQ0MmE3NS90YWJsZTo2OTczZGRjYmE5Yzc0ZmEzYTU0MjBiZjBhYjBiMmQzNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjY5NzNkZGNiYTljNzRmYTNhNTQyMGJmMGFiMGIyZDM1XzMtNC0xLTEtMA_4afe60d7-6e4a-4e38-9071-e59753a38f0c


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDAvZnJhZzo1NjhkMzk3ZjNmNjQ0MTczYjhkNGIyMGQ3NWQ0MmE3NS90YWJsZTo2OTczZGRjYmE5Yzc0ZmEzYTU0MjBiZjBhYjBiMmQzNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjY5NzNkZGNiYTljNzRmYTNhNTQyMGJmMGFiMGIyZDM1XzQtMS0xLTEtMA_4ecbcb22-f4e0-4957-8099-25ef5cae101c


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDAvZnJhZzo1NjhkMzk3ZjNmNjQ0MTczYjhkNGIyMGQ3NWQ0MmE3NS90YWJsZTo2OTczZGRjYmE5Yzc0ZmEzYTU0MjBiZjBhYjBiMmQzNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjY5NzNkZGNiYTljNzRmYTNhNTQyMGJmMGFiMGIyZDM1XzQtNC0xLTEtMA_990e4afa-e7d7-4317-86c5-3b9795080b67


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDAvZnJhZzo1NjhkMzk3ZjNmNjQ0MTczYjhkNGIyMGQ3NWQ0MmE3NS90YWJsZTo2OTczZGRjYmE5Yzc0ZmEzYTU0MjBiZjBhYjBiMmQzNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjY5NzNkZGNiYTljNzRmYTNhNTQyMGJmMGFiMGIyZDM1XzUtMS0xLTEtMA_c01a7aa0-76eb-4e79-b0b0-4567e63e0855


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDAvZnJhZzo1NjhkMzk3ZjNmNjQ0MTczYjhkNGIyMGQ3NWQ0MmE3NS90YWJsZTo2OTczZGRjYmE5Yzc0ZmEzYTU0MjBiZjBhYjBiMmQzNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjY5NzNkZGNiYTljNzRmYTNhNTQyMGJmMGFiMGIyZDM1XzUtNC0xLTEtMA_39bd38e2-1be3-4854-bba9-591cb686fc0e


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDAvZnJhZzo1NjhkMzk3ZjNmNjQ0MTczYjhkNGIyMGQ3NWQ0MmE3NS90YWJsZTo2OTczZGRjYmE5Yzc0ZmEzYTU0MjBiZjBhYjBiMmQzNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjY5NzNkZGNiYTljNzRmYTNhNTQyMGJmMGFiMGIyZDM1XzYtMS0xLTEtMA_47e2c61c-09f4-43ed-8d40-adb68606076a


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDAvZnJhZzo1NjhkMzk3ZjNmNjQ0MTczYjhkNGIyMGQ3NWQ0MmE3NS90YWJsZTo2OTczZGRjYmE5Yzc0ZmEzYTU0MjBiZjBhYjBiMmQzNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjY5NzNkZGNiYTljNzRmYTNhNTQyMGJmMGFiMGIyZDM1XzYtNC0xLTEtMA_3b8f4f5b-df51-454d-9a17-5fb7ef6be77f


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDAvZnJhZzo1NjhkMzk3ZjNmNjQ0MTczYjhkNGIyMGQ3NWQ0MmE3NS90YWJsZTo2OTczZGRjYmE5Yzc0ZmEzYTU0MjBiZjBhYjBiMmQzNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjY5NzNkZGNiYTljNzRmYTNhNTQyMGJmMGFiMGIyZDM1XzktMS0xLTEtMA_deb11d41-ade2-4f5a-ba1b-d9cce4d2423e


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDAvZnJhZzo1NjhkMzk3ZjNmNjQ0MTczYjhkNGIyMGQ3NWQ0MmE3NS90YWJsZTo2OTczZGRjYmE5Yzc0ZmEzYTU0MjBiZjBhYjBiMmQzNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjY5NzNkZGNiYTljNzRmYTNhNTQyMGJmMGFiMGIyZDM1XzktNC0xLTEtMA_dce3b212-634a-4635-a07d-8be42818494a


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDAvZnJhZzo1NjhkMzk3ZjNmNjQ0MTczYjhkNGIyMGQ3NWQ0MmE3NS90YWJsZTo2OTczZGRjYmE5Yzc0ZmEzYTU0MjBiZjBhYjBiMmQzNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjY5NzNkZGNiYTljNzRmYTNhNTQyMGJmMGFiMGIyZDM1XzEwLTEtMS0xLTA_8c0d6637-a9e6-4b8e-bc59-eaac1b49dc57


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDAvZnJhZzo1NjhkMzk3ZjNmNjQ0MTczYjhkNGIyMGQ3NWQ0MmE3NS90YWJsZTo2OTczZGRjYmE5Yzc0ZmEzYTU0MjBiZjBhYjBiMmQzNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjY5NzNkZGNiYTljNzRmYTNhNTQyMGJmMGFiMGIyZDM1XzEwLTQtMS0xLTA_6857da68-2f7b-496f-bee6-9f5c858fb671


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

 if any
 in U.S. federal
 state and local income taxes that the Company realizes (or is deemed to realize in certain circumstances) in periods after the closing of the 2016 acquisition (which periods may extend
 unless the Tax Receivable Agreement is terminated early in accordance with its terms
 for more than 15 years following any exchange of Class B Units of Hostess Holdings for shares of the Company&#x2019;s Class A common stock or the cash equivalent thereof) as a result of (i) certain increases in tax basis resulting from the 2016 acquisition; (ii) certain tax attributes of Hostess Holdings and its subsidiaries existing prior to the 2016 acquisition and prior to subsequent exchanges of Class B Units; (iii) certain increases in tax basis resulting from exchanges of Class B Units; (iv) imputed interest deemed to be paid by the Company as a result of payments it makes under the Tax Receivable Agreement; and (v) certain increases in tax basis resulting from payments the Company makes under the Tax Receivable Agreement. The Company will retain the benefit of the remaining 15% of these cash savings. Certain payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be made to the Metropoulos Entities in accordance with specified percentages














 2019
 due to additional tax basis realized from the exchange of Class B Units.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2019
 the Company remeasured the Tax Receivable Agreement obligations due to changes in state tax rates resulting in a $1.6&#160;million benefit as the Company decreased its estimated cash tax savings rate from 26.9% to 26.4%. Additionally
 the disposition of the In-Store Bakery operations resulted in a $1.8&#160;million expense recognized on the consolidated statement of operations.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;On January 26
 2018
 the Company entered into an agreement to terminate all future payments payable under the Tax Receivable Agreement to the Apollo Funds in exchange for a payment of $34.0 million (the &#x201c;Buyout&#x201d;). Subsequent to the Buyout
 the Company will retain a greater portion of the future cash tax savings subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement. The Buyout did not affect the portion of the rights under the Tax Receivable Agreement payable to the Metropoulos Entities
 including those previously assigned by the Apollo Funds. During the year ended December 31
 2018
 the Company also recognized a gain due to a change in the estimated state tax rate which decreased the Company&#x2019;s estimated cash tax savings rate from approximately 27.5% to 26.9%. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;As of December 31








      contextRef=i548a9ffcd4f247d3838565d73b1ff0db_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDMvZnJhZzo1OTE4OWMzZTI3Njg0NWE2YTE5MWI1ZjA5Mzg5NTE0My90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU5MTg5YzNlMjc2ODQ1YTZhMTkxYjVmMDkzODk1MTQzXzI1NQ_1ab320b0-60f8-4a10-8cd3-8555c99463a1


      contextRef=i548a9ffcd4f247d3838565d73b1ff0db_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i548a9ffcd4f247d3838565d73b1ff0db_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDMvZnJhZzo1OTE4OWMzZTI3Njg0NWE2YTE5MWI1ZjA5Mzg5NTE0My90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU5MTg5YzNlMjc2ODQ1YTZhMTkxYjVmMDkzODk1MTQzXzEzOTU_081274e3-e854-4755-a87a-b88062719b2d


      contextRef=i548a9ffcd4f247d3838565d73b1ff0db_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDMvZnJhZzo1OTE4OWMzZTI3Njg0NWE2YTE5MWI1ZjA5Mzg5NTE0My90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU5MTg5YzNlMjc2ODQ1YTZhMTkxYjVmMDkzODk1MTQzXzg3OTYwOTMwMzM2NTA_af0dd7b5-cc68-4458-a5b2-7b086dfae51e


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231















      contextRef=ie22ce43e6bcc4bcf8a62710ef8cf06d7_I20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDMvZnJhZzo1OTE4OWMzZTI3Njg0NWE2YTE5MWI1ZjA5Mzg5NTE0My90YWJsZTo1YTkyNDY0ZjdhMTk0ZWEwYjc4NGRlMGRhNjk2NTU5My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVhOTI0NjRmN2ExOTRlYTBiNzg0ZGUwZGE2OTY1NTkzXzYtMi0xLTEtMA_1948027c-046e-492c-8850-82dcc14a8851


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDMvZnJhZzo1OTE4OWMzZTI3Njg0NWE2YTE5MWI1ZjA5Mzg5NTE0My90YWJsZTo1YTkyNDY0ZjdhMTk0ZWEwYjc4NGRlMGRhNjk2NTU5My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVhOTI0NjRmN2ExOTRlYTBiNzg0ZGUwZGE2OTY1NTkzXzctMi0xLTEtMA_6df83cbc-951a-49ea-80d7-3ea529164474


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDMvZnJhZzo1OTE4OWMzZTI3Njg0NWE2YTE5MWI1ZjA5Mzg5NTE0My90YWJsZTo1YTkyNDY0ZjdhMTk0ZWEwYjc4NGRlMGRhNjk2NTU5My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVhOTI0NjRmN2ExOTRlYTBiNzg0ZGUwZGE2OTY1NTkzXzgtMi0xLTEtMA_29e3fda0-0e04-467a-b193-8224d4dbe0e9


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDMvZnJhZzo1OTE4OWMzZTI3Njg0NWE2YTE5MWI1ZjA5Mzg5NTE0My90YWJsZTo1YTkyNDY0ZjdhMTk0ZWEwYjc4NGRlMGRhNjk2NTU5My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVhOTI0NjRmN2ExOTRlYTBiNzg0ZGUwZGE2OTY1NTkzXzktMi0xLTEtMA_4af562c3-6ecd-4f9a-b22b-5ea4e22380d4


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDMvZnJhZzo1OTE4OWMzZTI3Njg0NWE2YTE5MWI1ZjA5Mzg5NTE0My90YWJsZTo1YTkyNDY0ZjdhMTk0ZWEwYjc4NGRlMGRhNjk2NTU5My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVhOTI0NjRmN2ExOTRlYTBiNzg0ZGUwZGE2OTY1NTkzXzEwLTItMS0xLTA_83a9b71b-4a83-4193-b0b1-d47a3cb81d37


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDMvZnJhZzo1OTE4OWMzZTI3Njg0NWE2YTE5MWI1ZjA5Mzg5NTE0My90YWJsZTo1YTkyNDY0ZjdhMTk0ZWEwYjc4NGRlMGRhNjk2NTU5My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVhOTI0NjRmN2ExOTRlYTBiNzg0ZGUwZGE2OTY1NTkzXzExLTItMS0xLTA_63abd508-93e2-4534-97eb-46abd2e4bae6


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDMvZnJhZzo1OTE4OWMzZTI3Njg0NWE2YTE5MWI1ZjA5Mzg5NTE0My90YWJsZTo1YTkyNDY0ZjdhMTk0ZWEwYjc4NGRlMGRhNjk2NTU5My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVhOTI0NjRmN2ExOTRlYTBiNzg0ZGUwZGE2OTY1NTkzXzctMi0xLTEtMTE2ODc_3bbc52be-95fc-4960-95d9-538c9d505609


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDMvZnJhZzo1OTE4OWMzZTI3Njg0NWE2YTE5MWI1ZjA5Mzg5NTE0My90YWJsZTo1YTkyNDY0ZjdhMTk0ZWEwYjc4NGRlMGRhNjk2NTU5My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVhOTI0NjRmN2ExOTRlYTBiNzg0ZGUwZGE2OTY1NTkzXzgtMi0xLTEtMTE2ODc_7789e1b5-90d2-41f0-9570-221bf9885af1


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDMvZnJhZzo1OTE4OWMzZTI3Njg0NWE2YTE5MWI1ZjA5Mzg5NTE0My90YWJsZTo1YTkyNDY0ZjdhMTk0ZWEwYjc4NGRlMGRhNjk2NTU5My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVhOTI0NjRmN2ExOTRlYTBiNzg0ZGUwZGE2OTY1NTkzXzktMi0xLTEtMTE2ODc_3c964608-a77e-44aa-83df-37709a8c6d89


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDMvZnJhZzo1OTE4OWMzZTI3Njg0NWE2YTE5MWI1ZjA5Mzg5NTE0My90YWJsZTo1YTkyNDY0ZjdhMTk0ZWEwYjc4NGRlMGRhNjk2NTU5My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVhOTI0NjRmN2ExOTRlYTBiNzg0ZGUwZGE2OTY1NTkzXzEwLTItMS0xLTExNjg3_00072e23-ba9f-4b27-81e2-60b389ab1ec3


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDMvZnJhZzo1OTE4OWMzZTI3Njg0NWE2YTE5MWI1ZjA5Mzg5NTE0My90YWJsZTo1YTkyNDY0ZjdhMTk0ZWEwYjc4NGRlMGRhNjk2NTU5My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjVhOTI0NjRmN2ExOTRlYTBiNzg0ZGUwZGE2OTY1NTkzXzExLTItMS0xLTExNjg3_e4653e88-5ffe-4180-b5b3-9157eb4ef27f


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDMvZnJhZzo1OTE4OWMzZTI3Njg0NWE2YTE5MWI1ZjA5Mzg5NTE0My90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU5MTg5YzNlMjc2ODQ1YTZhMTkxYjVmMDkzODk1MTQzXzI3NDg3NzkwODI0MTE_271201f0-9114-444c-be32-e4e4f6043bff


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDMvZnJhZzo1OTE4OWMzZTI3Njg0NWE2YTE5MWI1ZjA5Mzg5NTE0My90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU5MTg5YzNlMjc2ODQ1YTZhMTkxYjVmMDkzODk1MTQzXzE5NzkxMjA5MzEzMzAw_dafe7e44-f0dd-4a58-829c-fe9c8b4b9f73


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDMvZnJhZzo1OTE4OWMzZTI3Njg0NWE2YTE5MWI1ZjA5Mzg5NTE0My90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU5MTg5YzNlMjc2ODQ1YTZhMTkxYjVmMDkzODk1MTQzXzM4NDgyOTA3MDg5NTY_07f83bae-e065-4288-805f-a98677266223


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDMvZnJhZzo1OTE4OWMzZTI3Njg0NWE2YTE5MWI1ZjA5Mzg5NTE0My90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU5MTg5YzNlMjc2ODQ1YTZhMTkxYjVmMDkzODk1MTQzXzM4NDgyOTA3MDg5NjM_9194969e-6177-42c6-86c3-0253324c9eda


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDMvZnJhZzo1OTE4OWMzZTI3Njg0NWE2YTE5MWI1ZjA5Mzg5NTE0My90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU5MTg5YzNlMjc2ODQ1YTZhMTkxYjVmMDkzODk1MTQzXzE5NzkxMjA5MzEzMzE0_735f85ec-0636-49d3-be1c-a738f0cb5246


      contextRef=i2521e8440f4f46f6a2402e9f6eb1d05c_D20180126-20180126
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDMvZnJhZzo1OTE4OWMzZTI3Njg0NWE2YTE5MWI1ZjA5Mzg5NTE0My90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU5MTg5YzNlMjc2ODQ1YTZhMTkxYjVmMDkzODk1MTQzXzIxNzg_2f62f379-6f90-4c63-81d6-aac659f3a8a9


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDMvZnJhZzo1OTE4OWMzZTI3Njg0NWE2YTE5MWI1ZjA5Mzg5NTE0My90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU5MTg5YzNlMjc2ODQ1YTZhMTkxYjVmMDkzODk1MTQzXzI3MjM_bc0f0638-0fc8-4c6f-97d0-a7c83bb84dcc


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDMvZnJhZzo1OTE4OWMzZTI3Njg0NWE2YTE5MWI1ZjA5Mzg5NTE0My90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU5MTg5YzNlMjc2ODQ1YTZhMTkxYjVmMDkzODk1MTQzXzI3Mjk_b3ad5272-4207-401c-8364-d82ab3adea0e


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231









      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDMvZnJhZzo1OTE4OWMzZTI3Njg0NWE2YTE5MWI1ZjA5Mzg5NTE0My90YWJsZTpiNWEyZmRkOTNmNTI0ZDk1YTBmNmYwN2EzN2Q5Nzc2Yi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmI1YTJmZGQ5M2Y1MjRkOTVhMGY2ZjA3YTM3ZDk3NzZiXzEtMS0xLTEtMA_1dc69d36-a330-48c6-83f7-31dfee6c8b9c


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDMvZnJhZzo1OTE4OWMzZTI3Njg0NWE2YTE5MWI1ZjA5Mzg5NTE0My90YWJsZTpiNWEyZmRkOTNmNTI0ZDk1YTBmNmYwN2EzN2Q5Nzc2Yi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmI1YTJmZGQ5M2Y1MjRkOTVhMGY2ZjA3YTM3ZDk3NzZiXzItMS0xLTEtMA_10408c29-b62f-45e6-8b84-1dff0e55388b


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDMvZnJhZzo1OTE4OWMzZTI3Njg0NWE2YTE5MWI1ZjA5Mzg5NTE0My90YWJsZTpiNWEyZmRkOTNmNTI0ZDk1YTBmNmYwN2EzN2Q5Nzc2Yi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmI1YTJmZGQ5M2Y1MjRkOTVhMGY2ZjA3YTM3ZDk3NzZiXzMtMS0xLTEtMA_8201f83e-035f-4ab1-8415-6bb12ba4146b


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDMvZnJhZzo1OTE4OWMzZTI3Njg0NWE2YTE5MWI1ZjA5Mzg5NTE0My90YWJsZTpiNWEyZmRkOTNmNTI0ZDk1YTBmNmYwN2EzN2Q5Nzc2Yi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmI1YTJmZGQ5M2Y1MjRkOTVhMGY2ZjA3YTM3ZDk3NzZiXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_5d809567-c715-458f-b665-1e50f67b2df7


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDMvZnJhZzo1OTE4OWMzZTI3Njg0NWE2YTE5MWI1ZjA5Mzg5NTE0My90YWJsZTpiNWEyZmRkOTNmNTI0ZDk1YTBmNmYwN2EzN2Q5Nzc2Yi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmI1YTJmZGQ5M2Y1MjRkOTVhMGY2ZjA3YTM3ZDk3NzZiXzUtMS0xLTEtMA_2fcc54af-c085-4bad-a573-e55554c04277


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDMvZnJhZzo1OTE4OWMzZTI3Njg0NWE2YTE5MWI1ZjA5Mzg5NTE0My90YWJsZTpiNWEyZmRkOTNmNTI0ZDk1YTBmNmYwN2EzN2Q5Nzc2Yi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmI1YTJmZGQ5M2Y1MjRkOTVhMGY2ZjA3YTM3ZDk3NzZiXzYtMS0xLTEtMA_cb64181b-80bc-4ce2-9625-665da7c2712e


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

 2019 through the Company&#x2019;s subsidiary
 Hostess Brands
 LLC (referred to below as the &#x201c;Fourth Term Loan&#x201d;). It requires quarterly payments of interest at a rate of the greater of the applicable LIBOR or 0.75% per annum (&#x201c;New LIBOR Floor&#x201d;) plus a margin of 2.25% per annum and principal at a rate of 0.25% of the aggregate principal balance with the remaining principal amount due upon maturity on August 3
 2025. The Fourth Term Loan is secured by substantially all of Hostess Brands
 LLC&#x2019;s present and future assets. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;The Fourth Term Loan refinanced the remaining balance of $976.4&#160;million on the Third New First Lien Term Loan (&#x201c;Third Term Loan&#x201d;) through a non-cash refinancing transaction. The Third Term Loan was originated by Hostess Brands
 LLC on November 20
 2017 and required quarterly payments of interest at a rate equal to the the New LIBOR Floor plus a margin of 2.50% per annum and principal at a rate of 0.25% of the aggregate principal balance with the remaining principal amount due upon maturity on August 3

&lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;December 31
&lt;br/&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%;&gt;Term Loan (4.14% as of December 31














 2019 and 2018
 the approximate fair value of the Company&#x2019;s debt was $977.6 million and $927.3 million
 respectively. The fair value is calculated using current interest rates and pricing from financial institutions (Level 2 inputs).&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;At December&#160;31
 2019







 2019
 Hostess Brands
 LLC amended its Revolving Credit Agreement (the &#x201c;Revolver&#x201d;)
 providing for borrowings up to $100.0 million
 a stated maturity date of August 3
 2024 and secured by liens on substantially all of Hostess Brands
 LLC&#x2019;s present and future assets
 including accounts receivable and inventories
 as defined in the Revolver. The Revolver is ranked equally with the Fourth Term Loan in regards to secured liens. The Revolver has an annual commitment fee on the unused portion of between 0.375% and 0.50% annually based upon the unused percentage. Interest on borrowings under the Revolver is
 at Hostess Brands
 LLC&#x2019;s option
 either the applicable LIBOR plus a margin of 2.25% per annum or the base rate plus a margin of 1.25% per annum.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;Prior to the amendment the Revolver originated on August 3
 2015 had a stated maturity date of August 3
 2020 and an annual commitment fee on the unused portion of between 0.375% and 0.50% annually based upon the unused percentage. Interest on borrowings under the Revolver was
 at Hostess Brands
 LLC&#x2019;s option
 either the applicable LIBOR plus a margin of between 3.00% and 3.50% per annum or the base rate plus a margin of 2.00% to 2.50% per annum. All other significant terms and provisions were unchanged by the amendment.The Company had no outstanding borrowings under the Revolver as of December&#160;31
 2019 or 2018. See Note 15. Commitments and Contingencies for information regarding the letters of credit
 which reduce the amount available for borrowing under the Revolver. The Revolver contains certain restrictive financial covenants. As of December&#160;31
 2019


      contextRef=i3e75377478124c1492f595b386281a75_D20191001-20191001
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjcwODllNzNjNmJiNzQ4ZWNiZTQ1ZTJkZWJkMzgyZjExXzI1Ng_7ff664b3-92c3-433f-b72b-f87cf50f7dd7


      contextRef=i01a79d4fba2d4e8c8e38df2a0b310ddf_D20191001-20191001
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjcwODllNzNjNmJiNzQ4ZWNiZTQ1ZTJkZWJkMzgyZjExXzMwNg_2a5779be-17b7-4e78-b2f1-daf9adc453c7


      contextRef=i1f73ddf1745b430bb2dd60fe23847758_I20191001
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjcwODllNzNjNmJiNzQ4ZWNiZTQ1ZTJkZWJkMzgyZjExXzM0Ng_1f08f3c0-bc72-4016-bf74-c438f116573a


      contextRef=iaafb0b2fe42d4fdf9b7453bec02e51f5_I20171120
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjcwODllNzNjNmJiNzQ4ZWNiZTQ1ZTJkZWJkMzgyZjExXzM4NDgyOTA3MDg4MDE_adcaedc7-50e2-4d82-81ec-6e51d6002111


      contextRef=i5f03148f60b5403c960883edf4d5a0a7_D20171120-20171120
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjcwODllNzNjNmJiNzQ4ZWNiZTQ1ZTJkZWJkMzgyZjExXzM4NDgyOTA3MDg4MTc_f12b97a0-39e0-4bc4-9522-351114b8ad9c


      contextRef=iaafb0b2fe42d4fdf9b7453bec02e51f5_I20171120
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjcwODllNzNjNmJiNzQ4ZWNiZTQ1ZTJkZWJkMzgyZjExXzM4NDgyOTA3MDg4MjQ_c929f87e-1795-4f37-9250-7dc532eb8a2f


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

&lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;December 31
&lt;br/&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%;&gt;Term Loan (4.14% as of December 31















      contextRef=i5de0d3dc67714ed9bb9a92a971102556_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90YWJsZTo0ZjY1NWUzYmZjNDg0NzU1YmJlMDQ3ZDEzYWUyMjY3Yi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRmNjU1ZTNiZmM0ODQ3NTViYmUwNDdkMTNhZTIyNjdiXzItMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNmZmRmYjQ4YWIwZTRiYmFiNTM5ODg5ODhhZjEzOTk1XzE5NzkxMjA5MzAwMDE4_c3e77e5f-8eaa-40ed-b28c-9ff63badb071


      contextRef=i5de0d3dc67714ed9bb9a92a971102556_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90YWJsZTo0ZjY1NWUzYmZjNDg0NzU1YmJlMDQ3ZDEzYWUyMjY3Yi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRmNjU1ZTNiZmM0ODQ3NTViYmUwNDdkMTNhZTIyNjdiXzMtMS0xLTEtMA_73f7b2f8-7fc3-409e-b014-c7de7c2d442f


      contextRef=i2fd513c5217c4d32bbdc5eacfc26c406_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90YWJsZTo0ZjY1NWUzYmZjNDg0NzU1YmJlMDQ3ZDEzYWUyMjY3Yi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRmNjU1ZTNiZmM0ODQ3NTViYmUwNDdkMTNhZTIyNjdiXzMtNC0xLTEtMA_2fb4250c-fb48-48fb-a353-ee2a3537db56


      contextRef=i5de0d3dc67714ed9bb9a92a971102556_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90YWJsZTo0ZjY1NWUzYmZjNDg0NzU1YmJlMDQ3ZDEzYWUyMjY3Yi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRmNjU1ZTNiZmM0ODQ3NTViYmUwNDdkMTNhZTIyNjdiXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_c3bb867f-6d15-45f7-96d7-fed56401c9b6


      contextRef=i2fd513c5217c4d32bbdc5eacfc26c406_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90YWJsZTo0ZjY1NWUzYmZjNDg0NzU1YmJlMDQ3ZDEzYWUyMjY3Yi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRmNjU1ZTNiZmM0ODQ3NTViYmUwNDdkMTNhZTIyNjdiXzQtNC0xLTEtMA_256bcbce-b9d0-4930-a75d-557c407dc078


      contextRef=i5de0d3dc67714ed9bb9a92a971102556_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90YWJsZTo0ZjY1NWUzYmZjNDg0NzU1YmJlMDQ3ZDEzYWUyMjY3Yi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRmNjU1ZTNiZmM0ODQ3NTViYmUwNDdkMTNhZTIyNjdiXzUtMS0xLTEtMA_57258ff9-ffbf-46c5-8327-fbb61bfba588


      contextRef=i2fd513c5217c4d32bbdc5eacfc26c406_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90YWJsZTo0ZjY1NWUzYmZjNDg0NzU1YmJlMDQ3ZDEzYWUyMjY3Yi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRmNjU1ZTNiZmM0ODQ3NTViYmUwNDdkMTNhZTIyNjdiXzUtNC0xLTEtMA_314b9cc2-dc72-4fff-9922-9de10687e4d3


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90YWJsZTo0ZjY1NWUzYmZjNDg0NzU1YmJlMDQ3ZDEzYWUyMjY3Yi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRmNjU1ZTNiZmM0ODQ3NTViYmUwNDdkMTNhZTIyNjdiXzYtMS0xLTEtMA_1b5064c8-6184-4662-b840-ebc2f5c90532


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90YWJsZTo0ZjY1NWUzYmZjNDg0NzU1YmJlMDQ3ZDEzYWUyMjY3Yi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRmNjU1ZTNiZmM0ODQ3NTViYmUwNDdkMTNhZTIyNjdiXzYtNC0xLTEtMA_f46f8b5b-32ba-4ca2-9618-45948cb2c0d1


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90YWJsZTo0ZjY1NWUzYmZjNDg0NzU1YmJlMDQ3ZDEzYWUyMjY3Yi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRmNjU1ZTNiZmM0ODQ3NTViYmUwNDdkMTNhZTIyNjdiXzctMS0xLTEtMA_448e3012-2a52-49e6-87a0-1d1aa3a16bb0


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90YWJsZTo0ZjY1NWUzYmZjNDg0NzU1YmJlMDQ3ZDEzYWUyMjY3Yi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRmNjU1ZTNiZmM0ODQ3NTViYmUwNDdkMTNhZTIyNjdiXzctNC0xLTEtMA_b77e132e-f876-4c6f-afab-5c3fb1788d47


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90YWJsZTo0ZjY1NWUzYmZjNDg0NzU1YmJlMDQ3ZDEzYWUyMjY3Yi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRmNjU1ZTNiZmM0ODQ3NTViYmUwNDdkMTNhZTIyNjdiXzgtMS0xLTEtMA_1625f7ad-7276-4592-b262-e33e217dbc7a


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90YWJsZTo0ZjY1NWUzYmZjNDg0NzU1YmJlMDQ3ZDEzYWUyMjY3Yi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRmNjU1ZTNiZmM0ODQ3NTViYmUwNDdkMTNhZTIyNjdiXzgtNC0xLTEtMA_2b54f873-e2ed-4571-9415-6daf02d8096b


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90YWJsZTo0ZjY1NWUzYmZjNDg0NzU1YmJlMDQ3ZDEzYWUyMjY3Yi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRmNjU1ZTNiZmM0ODQ3NTViYmUwNDdkMTNhZTIyNjdiXzktMS0xLTEtMA_b50eb007-904a-487f-93ff-2b25839e41d5


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90YWJsZTo0ZjY1NWUzYmZjNDg0NzU1YmJlMDQ3ZDEzYWUyMjY3Yi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRmNjU1ZTNiZmM0ODQ3NTViYmUwNDdkMTNhZTIyNjdiXzktNC0xLTEtMA_e22d846f-e1ce-4121-ad50-a5fa3547e294


      contextRef=ic2d3ad0900474173afd55aae95f5825b_I20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjcwODllNzNjNmJiNzQ4ZWNiZTQ1ZTJkZWJkMzgyZjExXzM4NzA_1fe52324-fe79-495a-b637-09af4e54387b


      contextRef=i90661d4e1ab94ce38e9990a63770c4b0_I20181231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjcwODllNzNjNmJiNzQ4ZWNiZTQ1ZTJkZWJkMzgyZjExXzM4Nzc_5532fe37-b5f6-4c4e-bee5-15c4072c8403


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

 2019








      contextRef=i35112d4b7320489d80ac0660a4728eb6_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90YWJsZToyZmFlMjE3OGNmZDQ0ZTNlYjc0M2Q1MTJlMDE0Yzg1Mi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjJmYWUyMTc4Y2ZkNDRlM2ViNzQzZDUxMmUwMTRjODUyXzEtMS0xLTEtMA_a583b621-a07e-4604-b169-86daed437a0e


      contextRef=i35112d4b7320489d80ac0660a4728eb6_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90YWJsZToyZmFlMjE3OGNmZDQ0ZTNlYjc0M2Q1MTJlMDE0Yzg1Mi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjJmYWUyMTc4Y2ZkNDRlM2ViNzQzZDUxMmUwMTRjODUyXzItMS0xLTEtMA_1d652786-f3a0-40dc-b7f1-e5fa85e809b0


      contextRef=i35112d4b7320489d80ac0660a4728eb6_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90YWJsZToyZmFlMjE3OGNmZDQ0ZTNlYjc0M2Q1MTJlMDE0Yzg1Mi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjJmYWUyMTc4Y2ZkNDRlM2ViNzQzZDUxMmUwMTRjODUyXzMtMS0xLTEtMA_50911f61-9ffa-44c7-941f-b95c96b30718


      contextRef=i35112d4b7320489d80ac0660a4728eb6_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90YWJsZToyZmFlMjE3OGNmZDQ0ZTNlYjc0M2Q1MTJlMDE0Yzg1Mi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjJmYWUyMTc4Y2ZkNDRlM2ViNzQzZDUxMmUwMTRjODUyXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_facfd913-cfa6-4914-a092-b289e88bf2ca


      contextRef=i35112d4b7320489d80ac0660a4728eb6_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90YWJsZToyZmFlMjE3OGNmZDQ0ZTNlYjc0M2Q1MTJlMDE0Yzg1Mi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjJmYWUyMTc4Y2ZkNDRlM2ViNzQzZDUxMmUwMTRjODUyXzUtMS0xLTEtODUwNg_d09c3a50-ab58-4ec5-8c4b-cb15bcd09ee0


      contextRef=i35112d4b7320489d80ac0660a4728eb6_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90YWJsZToyZmFlMjE3OGNmZDQ0ZTNlYjc0M2Q1MTJlMDE0Yzg1Mi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjJmYWUyMTc4Y2ZkNDRlM2ViNzQzZDUxMmUwMTRjODUyXzYtMS0xLTEtODUwNg_34bd25cb-c833-4702-8bca-67f88e45b88c


      contextRef=ifedb09f29bb747fd85e2a95dbcc512be_I20191001
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjcwODllNzNjNmJiNzQ4ZWNiZTQ1ZTJkZWJkMzgyZjExXzk4OTU2MDQ2NjA0MDY_e2a0c534-2249-491a-b0aa-f0ac7b35084f


      contextRef=id19c722b11994a8fb86eb7e2bdd2e3d4_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjcwODllNzNjNmJiNzQ4ZWNiZTQ1ZTJkZWJkMzgyZjExXzk4OTU2MDQ2NjA3ODk_c9e90282-7cbc-4f18-a389-99794749252e


      contextRef=i9878d02fcd9f4eeb8527b4b41416895a_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjcwODllNzNjNmJiNzQ4ZWNiZTQ1ZTJkZWJkMzgyZjExXzk4OTU2MDQ2NjA3OTY_1f537b75-706b-4ad2-8014-57c8b9306e40


      contextRef=ib43c3835c70a48ecaf09356933072539_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjcwODllNzNjNmJiNzQ4ZWNiZTQ1ZTJkZWJkMzgyZjExXzM4NDgyOTA3MDkwMDY_c844074b-d41b-4e1a-a070-5cb7555f5497


      contextRef=i8d9b0e693eb8452294b5349cdc3ffbe3_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjcwODllNzNjNmJiNzQ4ZWNiZTQ1ZTJkZWJkMzgyZjExXzM4NDgyOTA3MDkwMTM_481001d8-9174-4dc6-98cf-62353a16119c


      contextRef=id19c722b11994a8fb86eb7e2bdd2e3d4_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjcwODllNzNjNmJiNzQ4ZWNiZTQ1ZTJkZWJkMzgyZjExXzQ2NTk_c9e90282-7cbc-4f18-a389-99794749252e


      contextRef=i9878d02fcd9f4eeb8527b4b41416895a_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjcwODllNzNjNmJiNzQ4ZWNiZTQ1ZTJkZWJkMzgyZjExXzQ2NjY_1f537b75-706b-4ad2-8014-57c8b9306e40


      contextRef=i5700310491f94bdc9853e08ed864c3f4_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjcwODllNzNjNmJiNzQ4ZWNiZTQ1ZTJkZWJkMzgyZjExXzQ4NDQ_1367d00c-b1ba-411b-9a39-cd10996751f7


      contextRef=i3a7d8e8bef17488683a0bb20228875ff_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjcwODllNzNjNmJiNzQ4ZWNiZTQ1ZTJkZWJkMzgyZjExXzQ4NTE_a2835a2d-5003-4443-99cd-3bf540898740


      contextRef=i4f3a0b288edb460e8c2d8816a265ff2c_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjcwODllNzNjNmJiNzQ4ZWNiZTQ1ZTJkZWJkMzgyZjExXzQ4OTg_bab47dcf-7a24-4fda-9ac8-bf4d2a072077


      contextRef=i4055fb01b21f4eaa8f394ad55e516f15_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjcwODllNzNjNmJiNzQ4ZWNiZTQ1ZTJkZWJkMzgyZjExXzQ5MDQ_6841b831-924d-4f62-bc63-f76d723b2728


      contextRef=i01f2424c55704fc6bb2bb4bee01c5552_I20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjcwODllNzNjNmJiNzQ4ZWNiZTQ1ZTJkZWJkMzgyZjExXzQzOTgwNDY1MjQ5NDY_4d8d58c5-ec15-477f-9fb2-323fc7f5e0c0


      contextRef=i2fba6d55e8034da7a6fce7c71e872f67_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMDYvZnJhZzo3MDg5ZTczYzZiYjc0OGVjYmU0NWUyZGViZDM4MmYxMS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjcwODllNzNjNmJiNzQ4ZWNiZTQ1ZTJkZWJkMzgyZjExXzQzOTgwNDY1MjQ5NDY_e0c57a9f-831c-4781-b689-8e5d3bf570bd


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

 the Company entered into an interest rate swap contract with a counter party to make a series of payments based on a fixed interest rate of 1.78% and receive a series of payments based on the greater of LIBOR or 0.75%. Both the fixed and floating payment streams are based on a notional amount of $500 million at the inception of the contract and are reduced by $100 million each year of the &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMTIvZnJhZzoyMmRlOTU5ZDE3M2U0MmJkOTEzYWQwMjFiYzI2MWIxZi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjIyZGU5NTlkMTczZTQyYmQ5MTNhZDAyMWJjMjYxYjFmXzQzOQ_51db3e8e-6b5d-455e-862d-63514c1f24df&gt;five&lt;/span&gt;-year contract. As of December&#160;31
 2019
 the notional amount is $300 million. The Company entered into this transaction to reduce its exposure to changes in cash flows associated with its variable rate debt and has designated this derivative as a cash flow hedge. At December&#160;31
 2019
 the effective fixed interest rate on the long-term debt hedged by this contract was 4.03%.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;As of December&#160;31
 2019
 the fair value of the interest rate swap contract of $0.7 million was reported within accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. As of 43465
 the fair value of the interest rate swap contract of $5.1&#160;million was reported within other assets
 net on the consolidated balance sheet. The $0.4 million of unrealized expense recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income as of December&#160;31
 2019 is expected to be reclassified into interest expense through December 31
 2020. The fair value of the interest rate swap contract is measured on a recurring basis by netting the discounted future fixed cash payments and the discounted expected variable cash receipts.&#160;The variable cash receipts are based on the expectation of future interest rates (forward curves) derived from observed market interest rate curves (Level 2).&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;In connection with the agreement to purchase Voortman as described in Note 15. Commitments and Contingencies
 the Company entered into a deal-contingent foreign currency contract to hedge the $440&#160;million Canadian Dollars (&#x201c;CAD&#x201d;) forecasted purchase price and a portion of the subsequent expected conversion costs. The contract was settled in cash following the completion of the purchase on January 3
 2020. At December 31
 2019


      contextRef=i08b390888a4e445498125c2c04ccd017_I20171231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMTIvZnJhZzoyMmRlOTU5ZDE3M2U0MmJkOTEzYWQwMjFiYzI2MWIxZi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjIyZGU5NTlkMTczZTQyYmQ5MTNhZDAyMWJjMjYxYjFmXzIwOA_3801e06d-8306-40c6-b117-aa850f649e3a


      contextRef=ib7386f788e0f4432ae6d2a6155fc74e1_I20171231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMTIvZnJhZzoyMmRlOTU5ZDE3M2U0MmJkOTEzYWQwMjFiYzI2MWIxZi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjIyZGU5NTlkMTczZTQyYmQ5MTNhZDAyMWJjMjYxYjFmXzI3Nw_466d7d67-fe35-4cec-831e-99e3682e37b5


      contextRef=i08b390888a4e445498125c2c04ccd017_I20171231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMTIvZnJhZzoyMmRlOTU5ZDE3M2U0MmJkOTEzYWQwMjFiYzI2MWIxZi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjIyZGU5NTlkMTczZTQyYmQ5MTNhZDAyMWJjMjYxYjFmXzM2MA_66c3d4d7-2f47-44a6-97fe-e319c333dfde


      contextRef=i51895e92478848d292d82f4d5285940d_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMTIvZnJhZzoyMmRlOTU5ZDE3M2U0MmJkOTEzYWQwMjFiYzI2MWIxZi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjIyZGU5NTlkMTczZTQyYmQ5MTNhZDAyMWJjMjYxYjFmXzQxOQ_96390d9d-eed3-40f9-9f5f-f44403429823


      contextRef=ibc042a92e4564286af4fa3a93210afe1_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMTIvZnJhZzoyMmRlOTU5ZDE3M2U0MmJkOTEzYWQwMjFiYzI2MWIxZi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjIyZGU5NTlkMTczZTQyYmQ5MTNhZDAyMWJjMjYxYjFmXzUwNg_57b1bfbc-1b0b-436c-8e37-f751fae8274a


      contextRef=ibc042a92e4564286af4fa3a93210afe1_I20191231
      decimals=4
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMTIvZnJhZzoyMmRlOTU5ZDE3M2U0MmJkOTEzYWQwMjFiYzI2MWIxZi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjIyZGU5NTlkMTczZTQyYmQ5MTNhZDAyMWJjMjYxYjFmXzgwMg_6c2fd99b-b518-44d2-8b59-cbf18a178cc7


      contextRef=ieb9da8c6362a4f15bf558912fd93e25a_I20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMTIvZnJhZzoyMmRlOTU5ZDE3M2U0MmJkOTEzYWQwMjFiYzI2MWIxZi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjIyZGU5NTlkMTczZTQyYmQ5MTNhZDAyMWJjMjYxYjFmXzg4NA_9b46e858-4f46-439f-8295-00bc48f72f53


      contextRef=id4ddaee27cc94bbabf36f17c1e9d8574_I20181231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMTIvZnJhZzoyMmRlOTU5ZDE3M2U0MmJkOTEzYWQwMjFiYzI2MWIxZi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjIyZGU5NTlkMTczZTQyYmQ5MTNhZDAyMWJjMjYxYjFmXzM4NDgyOTA3MDA3MTE_0344589c-66ba-4036-9460-35587aa78b5d


      contextRef=ie20e8f1b815341a4a7d10b62e1a5d9b4_I20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMTIvZnJhZzoyMmRlOTU5ZDE3M2U0MmJkOTEzYWQwMjFiYzI2MWIxZi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjIyZGU5NTlkMTczZTQyYmQ5MTNhZDAyMWJjMjYxYjFmXzk2NA_3bb74b8f-f86d-441e-957b-f86ec1b807d9


      contextRef=i3302fc55e65c48feaa49082078afe097_I20191231
      decimals=-6
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMTIvZnJhZzoyMmRlOTU5ZDE3M2U0MmJkOTEzYWQwMjFiYzI2MWIxZi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjIyZGU5NTlkMTczZTQyYmQ5MTNhZDAyMWJjMjYxYjFmXzM4NDgyOTA3MDA5MzY_abe39e1a-8be5-4d68-8602-356bb2646dde


      contextRef=i189d36c2b35c4ee2adebc77c97e164d4_I20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMTIvZnJhZzoyMmRlOTU5ZDE3M2U0MmJkOTEzYWQwMjFiYzI2MWIxZi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjIyZGU5NTlkMTczZTQyYmQ5MTNhZDAyMWJjMjYxYjFmXzM4NDgyOTA3MDAyNjc_7dce68e7-6922-4029-a451-bc09d24ec009


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMTIvZnJhZzoyMmRlOTU5ZDE3M2U0MmJkOTEzYWQwMjFiYzI2MWIxZi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjIyZGU5NTlkMTczZTQyYmQ5MTNhZDAyMWJjMjYxYjFmXzYwNDczMTM5NTY1MDQ_14108735-ab5b-4b68-b696-1ea7f057d139


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

000
000 shares of Class A common stock
 50
000
000 shares of Class B Stock
 and 10
000
000 shares of Class F common stock (none of which were issued and outstanding at December&#160;31
 2019 or 2018). As of December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 there were 122
108
086 and 100
046
392 shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding
 respectively. As of December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018 there were 8
409
834 and 30
255
184 shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding
 respectively. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:10pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Shares of Class A common stock and Class B Stock have identical voting rights. However
 shares of Class B Stock do not participate in earnings or dividends of the Company. Ownership of shares of Class B Stock is restricted to owners of Class B Units in Hostess Holdings. Class B units in Hostess Holdings may be exchanged (together with the cancellation of an equivalent number of shares of Class B Stock) by the holders thereof for
 at the election of the Company
 shares of Class A common stock or the cash equivalent of such shares.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;As of December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 there were 48
453
154 and 48
274
307 public warrants
 and 8
046
636 and 8
225
583 private placement warrants outstanding
 respectively. Each warrant entitles its holder to purchase one-half of one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $5.75 per half share
 to be exercised only for a whole number of shares of Class A common stock. The warrants expire on December 4
 2021
 or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company may call the outstanding public warrants for redemption at a price of $0.01 per warrant
 if the last sale price of the Company&#x2019;s common stock equals or exceeds $24.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third business day before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. The private placement warrants
 however
 are nonredeemable so long as they are held by Gores Sponsor
 LLC or its permitted transferees. The potential resale of the private placement to the public warrants has been registered with the SEC. When sold to the public


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMTUvZnJhZzo4ZTIwOWEzODRiNTI0MjU4YjQwZjIyNmZjODIwZWQ3ZS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjhlMjA5YTM4NGI1MjQyNThiNDBmMjI2ZmM4MjBlZDdlXzY2_772c8662-1278-4ee5-a80d-0c39723e4158


      contextRef=ib0f1632711fb46a6b7f8229b5a273f78_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMTUvZnJhZzo4ZTIwOWEzODRiNTI0MjU4YjQwZjIyNmZjODIwZWQ3ZS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjhlMjA5YTM4NGI1MjQyNThiNDBmMjI2ZmM4MjBlZDdlXzc4_022822ba-3ebe-4e1b-a889-d309c52603ba


      contextRef=ia3d62ba0db8946ed8b8ec3930fd0fba2_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMTUvZnJhZzo4ZTIwOWEzODRiNTI0MjU4YjQwZjIyNmZjODIwZWQ3ZS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjhlMjA5YTM4NGI1MjQyNThiNDBmMjI2ZmM4MjBlZDdlXzExMw_78760026-e383-431f-99a7-717ae43d20b5


      contextRef=i34dae7577c6a44eea9f0a60837a4f5f1_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMTUvZnJhZzo4ZTIwOWEzODRiNTI0MjU4YjQwZjIyNmZjODIwZWQ3ZS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjhlMjA5YTM4NGI1MjQyNThiNDBmMjI2ZmM4MjBlZDdlXzE1Mg_880dc46e-cd6e-4eb6-931b-2db2020cc9fe


      contextRef=i674904de15164fcb9e0a912e4181f3b4_I20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMTUvZnJhZzo4ZTIwOWEzODRiNTI0MjU4YjQwZjIyNmZjODIwZWQ3ZS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjhlMjA5YTM4NGI1MjQyNThiNDBmMjI2ZmM4MjBlZDdlXzE4Nw_2556429f-ef7b-448e-94ce-9158774b7061


      contextRef=i674904de15164fcb9e0a912e4181f3b4_I20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMTUvZnJhZzo4ZTIwOWEzODRiNTI0MjU4YjQwZjIyNmZjODIwZWQ3ZS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjhlMjA5YTM4NGI1MjQyNThiNDBmMjI2ZmM4MjBlZDdlXzE4Nw_702f6e30-f215-433d-89f4-00f638943fcb


      contextRef=i34dae7577c6a44eea9f0a60837a4f5f1_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMTUvZnJhZzo4ZTIwOWEzODRiNTI0MjU4YjQwZjIyNmZjODIwZWQ3ZS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjhlMjA5YTM4NGI1MjQyNThiNDBmMjI2ZmM4MjBlZDdlXzE4Nw_d7d8c52a-7c88-42f4-991a-5fd07ff9897c


      contextRef=i34dae7577c6a44eea9f0a60837a4f5f1_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMTUvZnJhZzo4ZTIwOWEzODRiNTI0MjU4YjQwZjIyNmZjODIwZWQ3ZS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjhlMjA5YTM4NGI1MjQyNThiNDBmMjI2ZmM4MjBlZDdlXzE4Nw_eee26a84-2238-4ec3-b8b8-30cb609fbc17


      contextRef=ib0f1632711fb46a6b7f8229b5a273f78_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMTUvZnJhZzo4ZTIwOWEzODRiNTI0MjU4YjQwZjIyNmZjODIwZWQ3ZS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjhlMjA5YTM4NGI1MjQyNThiNDBmMjI2ZmM4MjBlZDdlXzM4NDgyOTA2OTk1NDU_3874e423-e73f-40c7-b65d-df7eb4084681


      contextRef=ib0f1632711fb46a6b7f8229b5a273f78_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMTUvZnJhZzo4ZTIwOWEzODRiNTI0MjU4YjQwZjIyNmZjODIwZWQ3ZS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjhlMjA5YTM4NGI1MjQyNThiNDBmMjI2ZmM4MjBlZDdlXzM4NDgyOTA2OTk1NDU_b1aba36f-2605-4535-b000-2f97a0a4edad


      contextRef=i95a18c7f37d44b16a9528c9af61a6500_I20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMTUvZnJhZzo4ZTIwOWEzODRiNTI0MjU4YjQwZjIyNmZjODIwZWQ3ZS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjhlMjA5YTM4NGI1MjQyNThiNDBmMjI2ZmM4MjBlZDdlXzMyOTg1MzQ4ODU1Njg_422b1992-b97a-4946-9ec6-7b4895043667


      contextRef=i95a18c7f37d44b16a9528c9af61a6500_I20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMTUvZnJhZzo4ZTIwOWEzODRiNTI0MjU4YjQwZjIyNmZjODIwZWQ3ZS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjhlMjA5YTM4NGI1MjQyNThiNDBmMjI2ZmM4MjBlZDdlXzMyOTg1MzQ4ODU1Njg_fe834977-a369-46b3-9d72-f6b003430b7f


      contextRef=ia3d62ba0db8946ed8b8ec3930fd0fba2_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMTUvZnJhZzo4ZTIwOWEzODRiNTI0MjU4YjQwZjIyNmZjODIwZWQ3ZS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjhlMjA5YTM4NGI1MjQyNThiNDBmMjI2ZmM4MjBlZDdlXzQyMw_216f0a35-8856-49eb-b0e1-fa012712d1d6


      contextRef=ia3d62ba0db8946ed8b8ec3930fd0fba2_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMTUvZnJhZzo4ZTIwOWEzODRiNTI0MjU4YjQwZjIyNmZjODIwZWQ3ZS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjhlMjA5YTM4NGI1MjQyNThiNDBmMjI2ZmM4MjBlZDdlXzQyMw_87ae22f7-ec66-4b53-ae30-c967d362b55e


      contextRef=ib45a644550b04b7783c478984cb2b3fc_I20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMTUvZnJhZzo4ZTIwOWEzODRiNTI0MjU4YjQwZjIyNmZjODIwZWQ3ZS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjhlMjA5YTM4NGI1MjQyNThiNDBmMjI2ZmM4MjBlZDdlXzMyOTg1MzQ4ODU1NzM_a917909c-5246-4131-be85-df0f4963a40b


      contextRef=ib45a644550b04b7783c478984cb2b3fc_I20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMTUvZnJhZzo4ZTIwOWEzODRiNTI0MjU4YjQwZjIyNmZjODIwZWQ3ZS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjhlMjA5YTM4NGI1MjQyNThiNDBmMjI2ZmM4MjBlZDdlXzMyOTg1MzQ4ODU1NzM_e65b1e86-1adb-4124-9ab6-8708fa5491c8


      contextRef=i4a38c661ea6647a5843fa702e8e372bd_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMTUvZnJhZzo4ZTIwOWEzODRiNTI0MjU4YjQwZjIyNmZjODIwZWQ3ZS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjhlMjA5YTM4NGI1MjQyNThiNDBmMjI2ZmM4MjBlZDdlXzExMTQ_c3b5e935-3083-4986-8d7b-72aeeaaa5d3f


      contextRef=i32eabc9872834c8a86a07898ae4e1714_I20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMTUvZnJhZzo4ZTIwOWEzODRiNTI0MjU4YjQwZjIyNmZjODIwZWQ3ZS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjhlMjA5YTM4NGI1MjQyNThiNDBmMjI2ZmM4MjBlZDdlXzExMjE_8c7e7e93-00c4-478b-adf1-0d4220564f9e


      contextRef=i348b8784e60a464fb66afacb8ed4e47b_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMTUvZnJhZzo4ZTIwOWEzODRiNTI0MjU4YjQwZjIyNmZjODIwZWQ3ZS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjhlMjA5YTM4NGI1MjQyNThiNDBmMjI2ZmM4MjBlZDdlXzExNDU_ff006326-0b4a-4673-b827-d032ff27a4c6


      contextRef=iab01a450df2c4c9488fda495ab957f5f_I20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMTUvZnJhZzo4ZTIwOWEzODRiNTI0MjU4YjQwZjIyNmZjODIwZWQ3ZS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjhlMjA5YTM4NGI1MjQyNThiNDBmMjI2ZmM4MjBlZDdlXzExNTI_d9014f91-7271-4171-be0d-de9a334270b0


      contextRef=ib0f1632711fb46a6b7f8229b5a273f78_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMTUvZnJhZzo4ZTIwOWEzODRiNTI0MjU4YjQwZjIyNmZjODIwZWQ3ZS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjhlMjA5YTM4NGI1MjQyNThiNDBmMjI2ZmM4MjBlZDdlXzEzMjQ_f6968f2f-aed7-471a-883c-c3e1acc95788


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMTUvZnJhZzo4ZTIwOWEzODRiNTI0MjU4YjQwZjIyNmZjODIwZWQ3ZS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjhlMjA5YTM4NGI1MjQyNThiNDBmMjI2ZmM4MjBlZDdlXzE1ODQ_70e81780-2cd5-43dd-ba17-350902e0bac8


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMTUvZnJhZzo4ZTIwOWEzODRiNTI0MjU4YjQwZjIyNmZjODIwZWQ3ZS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjhlMjA5YTM4NGI1MjQyNThiNDBmMjI2ZmM4MjBlZDdlXzE2NzE_3660c48c-bcfc-4da3-bd3e-f3f2c711d81b


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

 basic earnings per share is adjusted for the assumed issuance of all applicable potentially dilutive share-based awards
 including: public and private placement warrants
 RSUs
 restricted stock awards

&lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;Year Ended&lt;br/&gt;December 31
&lt;br/&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;Year Ended&lt;br/&gt;December 31




540

957

109

693

021

113




699

098

307



      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

&lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;Year Ended&lt;br/&gt;December 31
&lt;br/&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;Year Ended&lt;br/&gt;December 31




540

957

109

693

021

113




699

098

307


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjEvZnJhZzplNjQyODYxNzhjYWQ0OGVlOGFmYzUzYzExNTk5MDdhMS90YWJsZTpjYjMyYTNmZmZlMzQ0NmRmOTA3N2RkYjA0YWM1YThiYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNiMzJhM2ZmZmUzNDQ2ZGY5MDc3ZGRiMDRhYzVhOGJhXzItMS0xLTEtMjEwNA_1ea9e7a4-9098-4470-a2bf-4caa9e12ca93


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjEvZnJhZzplNjQyODYxNzhjYWQ0OGVlOGFmYzUzYzExNTk5MDdhMS90YWJsZTpjYjMyYTNmZmZlMzQ0NmRmOTA3N2RkYjA0YWM1YThiYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNiMzJhM2ZmZmUzNDQ2ZGY5MDc3ZGRiMDRhYzVhOGJhXzMtMi0xLTEtMA_2b0bf656-5a87-442c-bf01-ad449ef37e89


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjEvZnJhZzplNjQyODYxNzhjYWQ0OGVlOGFmYzUzYzExNTk5MDdhMS90YWJsZTpjYjMyYTNmZmZlMzQ0NmRmOTA3N2RkYjA0YWM1YThiYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNiMzJhM2ZmZmUzNDQ2ZGY5MDc3ZGRiMDRhYzVhOGJhXzMtNC0xLTEtMA_5957ea85-8c6c-40ee-a15b-03ed91775afd


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjEvZnJhZzplNjQyODYxNzhjYWQ0OGVlOGFmYzUzYzExNTk5MDdhMS90YWJsZTpjYjMyYTNmZmZlMzQ0NmRmOTA3N2RkYjA0YWM1YThiYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNiMzJhM2ZmZmUzNDQ2ZGY5MDc3ZGRiMDRhYzVhOGJhXzQtMS0xLTEtMjEwNw_7a77985c-3b2e-4ee7-89d5-9819c755e093


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjEvZnJhZzplNjQyODYxNzhjYWQ0OGVlOGFmYzUzYzExNTk5MDdhMS90YWJsZTpjYjMyYTNmZmZlMzQ0NmRmOTA3N2RkYjA0YWM1YThiYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNiMzJhM2ZmZmUzNDQ2ZGY5MDc3ZGRiMDRhYzVhOGJhXzUtMi0xLTEtMA_477e24ae-0834-4f62-9386-691db516269d


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjEvZnJhZzplNjQyODYxNzhjYWQ0OGVlOGFmYzUzYzExNTk5MDdhMS90YWJsZTpjYjMyYTNmZmZlMzQ0NmRmOTA3N2RkYjA0YWM1YThiYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNiMzJhM2ZmZmUzNDQ2ZGY5MDc3ZGRiMDRhYzVhOGJhXzUtNC0xLTEtMA_2a2149a4-c0fd-4374-9892-6b0355d019b7


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjEvZnJhZzplNjQyODYxNzhjYWQ0OGVlOGFmYzUzYzExNTk5MDdhMS90YWJsZTpjYjMyYTNmZmZlMzQ0NmRmOTA3N2RkYjA0YWM1YThiYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNiMzJhM2ZmZmUzNDQ2ZGY5MDc3ZGRiMDRhYzVhOGJhXzUtMS0xLTEtMjEwNw_a267a619-4bc4-4809-90ff-79d616266845


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjEvZnJhZzplNjQyODYxNzhjYWQ0OGVlOGFmYzUzYzExNTk5MDdhMS90YWJsZTpjYjMyYTNmZmZlMzQ0NmRmOTA3N2RkYjA0YWM1YThiYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNiMzJhM2ZmZmUzNDQ2ZGY5MDc3ZGRiMDRhYzVhOGJhXzYtMi0xLTEtMA_79381228-c839-4525-9bdc-89887224ddd0


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjEvZnJhZzplNjQyODYxNzhjYWQ0OGVlOGFmYzUzYzExNTk5MDdhMS90YWJsZTpjYjMyYTNmZmZlMzQ0NmRmOTA3N2RkYjA0YWM1YThiYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNiMzJhM2ZmZmUzNDQ2ZGY5MDc3ZGRiMDRhYzVhOGJhXzYtNC0xLTEtMA_50d20d9f-c910-4556-a28c-609c3e568725


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjEvZnJhZzplNjQyODYxNzhjYWQ0OGVlOGFmYzUzYzExNTk5MDdhMS90YWJsZTpjYjMyYTNmZmZlMzQ0NmRmOTA3N2RkYjA0YWM1YThiYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNiMzJhM2ZmZmUzNDQ2ZGY5MDc3ZGRiMDRhYzVhOGJhXzYtMS0xLTEtMjEwNw_efc8f2c3-6b2c-4eea-a4c5-b12b574084f1


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjEvZnJhZzplNjQyODYxNzhjYWQ0OGVlOGFmYzUzYzExNTk5MDdhMS90YWJsZTpjYjMyYTNmZmZlMzQ0NmRmOTA3N2RkYjA0YWM1YThiYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNiMzJhM2ZmZmUzNDQ2ZGY5MDc3ZGRiMDRhYzVhOGJhXzctMi0xLTEtMA_4e9211b8-6fa5-4163-9e17-b114637ee322


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjEvZnJhZzplNjQyODYxNzhjYWQ0OGVlOGFmYzUzYzExNTk5MDdhMS90YWJsZTpjYjMyYTNmZmZlMzQ0NmRmOTA3N2RkYjA0YWM1YThiYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNiMzJhM2ZmZmUzNDQ2ZGY5MDc3ZGRiMDRhYzVhOGJhXzctNC0xLTEtMA_708e7dfa-472c-4b0e-b8a2-8442ca631088


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjEvZnJhZzplNjQyODYxNzhjYWQ0OGVlOGFmYzUzYzExNTk5MDdhMS90YWJsZTpjYjMyYTNmZmZlMzQ0NmRmOTA3N2RkYjA0YWM1YThiYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNiMzJhM2ZmZmUzNDQ2ZGY5MDc3ZGRiMDRhYzVhOGJhXzctMS0xLTEtMjExMA_e169eaa8-c52c-4330-9fe0-70c7446de34b


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjEvZnJhZzplNjQyODYxNzhjYWQ0OGVlOGFmYzUzYzExNTk5MDdhMS90YWJsZTpjYjMyYTNmZmZlMzQ0NmRmOTA3N2RkYjA0YWM1YThiYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNiMzJhM2ZmZmUzNDQ2ZGY5MDc3ZGRiMDRhYzVhOGJhXzgtMi0xLTEtMA_5e2ee928-77a8-4e03-87a6-f51c30c53157


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjEvZnJhZzplNjQyODYxNzhjYWQ0OGVlOGFmYzUzYzExNTk5MDdhMS90YWJsZTpjYjMyYTNmZmZlMzQ0NmRmOTA3N2RkYjA0YWM1YThiYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNiMzJhM2ZmZmUzNDQ2ZGY5MDc3ZGRiMDRhYzVhOGJhXzgtNC0xLTEtMA_bf77b71a-bf5c-49c9-bbe6-894a08f722f0


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjEvZnJhZzplNjQyODYxNzhjYWQ0OGVlOGFmYzUzYzExNTk5MDdhMS90YWJsZTpjYjMyYTNmZmZlMzQ0NmRmOTA3N2RkYjA0YWM1YThiYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNiMzJhM2ZmZmUzNDQ2ZGY5MDc3ZGRiMDRhYzVhOGJhXzgtMS0xLTEtMjExMw_97f85fde-667e-4b5c-b7b0-7213a0dde750


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjEvZnJhZzplNjQyODYxNzhjYWQ0OGVlOGFmYzUzYzExNTk5MDdhMS90YWJsZTpjYjMyYTNmZmZlMzQ0NmRmOTA3N2RkYjA0YWM1YThiYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNiMzJhM2ZmZmUzNDQ2ZGY5MDc3ZGRiMDRhYzVhOGJhXzktMi0xLTEtMA_5e04f896-7dc5-4a74-9f3f-87b0f41cc05c


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjEvZnJhZzplNjQyODYxNzhjYWQ0OGVlOGFmYzUzYzExNTk5MDdhMS90YWJsZTpjYjMyYTNmZmZlMzQ0NmRmOTA3N2RkYjA0YWM1YThiYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNiMzJhM2ZmZmUzNDQ2ZGY5MDc3ZGRiMDRhYzVhOGJhXzktNC0xLTEtMA_7fb6b361-ecc1-49b9-be9b-73a5db11b3e1


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjEvZnJhZzplNjQyODYxNzhjYWQ0OGVlOGFmYzUzYzExNTk5MDdhMS90YWJsZTpjYjMyYTNmZmZlMzQ0NmRmOTA3N2RkYjA0YWM1YThiYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNiMzJhM2ZmZmUzNDQ2ZGY5MDc3ZGRiMDRhYzVhOGJhXzktMS0xLTEtMjExMw_378ee203-855d-41c0-943b-c7a3aea9c610


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjEvZnJhZzplNjQyODYxNzhjYWQ0OGVlOGFmYzUzYzExNTk5MDdhMS90YWJsZTpjYjMyYTNmZmZlMzQ0NmRmOTA3N2RkYjA0YWM1YThiYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNiMzJhM2ZmZmUzNDQ2ZGY5MDc3ZGRiMDRhYzVhOGJhXzEwLTItMS0xLTA_3c87ca0f-0601-41f8-83ad-8516301dbff3


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjEvZnJhZzplNjQyODYxNzhjYWQ0OGVlOGFmYzUzYzExNTk5MDdhMS90YWJsZTpjYjMyYTNmZmZlMzQ0NmRmOTA3N2RkYjA0YWM1YThiYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNiMzJhM2ZmZmUzNDQ2ZGY5MDc3ZGRiMDRhYzVhOGJhXzEwLTQtMS0xLTA_00ca4bf0-d460-4bde-a96f-e3a80e74e95d


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

 deferred tax liabilities and assets are determined based on the difference between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the difference is expected to reverse. Additionally
 the impact of changes in the enacted tax rates and laws on deferred taxes
 if any

 &lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;Year Ended&lt;br/&gt; December 31
 &lt;br/&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;Year Ended&lt;br/&gt;December 31





















 which is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal and most applicable state and local income tax purposes. As a partnership
 Hostess Holdings is not itself subject to U.S. federal and certain state and local income taxes. Any taxable income or loss generated by Hostess Holdings is passed through and included in the taxable income or loss of its partners. The Company is subject to U.S. federal income taxes
 in addition to state and local income taxes with respect to its allocable share of any taxable income of Hostess Holdings.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-top:12pt;margin-bottom:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;The operations of Hostess Holdings include those of its C corporation subsidiaries. These C corporation subsidiaries are subject to U.S. federal
 state and local income taxes. The Company&#x2019;s tax provision includes income taxes for the share of Hostess Holdings income or loss passed through to the Company
 the income or loss of the Company&#x2019;s C corporation subsidiaries and the deferred tax impact of outside basis differences in its investments in subsidiaries. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-top:12pt;margin-bottom:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;For the years ended December 31
 2019
 2018
 and 2017
 the effective income tax rate differs from the federal statutory income tax rate as explained below:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;margin-top:12pt;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;table style=margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;text-indent:0pt;display:inline-table;width:100.000%;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:55.532%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.441%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.461%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.441%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.461%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.601%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.463%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;Year Ended&lt;br/&gt; December 31
 &lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;Year Ended&lt;br/&gt; December 31
 &lt;br/&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;Year Ended &lt;br/&gt;December 31























 net operating loss carryforwards and tax credits will be utilized. The Company assesses the recoverability of the deferred tax assets on an ongoing basis. In making this assessment
 the Company considers all positive and negative evidence
 and all potential sources of taxable income including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities
 tax-planning strategies
 projected future taxable income and recent financial performance.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:8pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;The Company and its C corporation subsidiaries file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and local jurisdictions. For federal and state tax purposes
 the Company and its C corporation subsidiaries are generally subject to examination for three years after the income tax returns are filed. As such
 income tax returns filed since 2016 remain open for examination by tax authorities. The Company&#x2019;s C corporation subsidiaries utilized U.S. loss carryforwards which date back to 2005
 therefore those carryforwards are subject to examination as well. Hostess Holdings is under IRS examination for the 2017 tax year.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:8pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;At December 31
 2019
 the Company has gross state net operating losses of approximately $4.0 million and state credits of approximately $3.3 million. Unless utilized
 the state net operating losses carryforwards expire from 2030 to 2036 and the state credits expire from 2028 to 2035.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;The Company does not have any significant uncertain tax positions and therefore has no unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31
 2019 or 2018 that if recognized
 would affect the annual effective tax rate. Therefore
the Company has not recorded any penalties and interest during the years ended December 31
 2019 or 2018. Interest and penalties related to income tax liabilities
 if incurred
 are included in income tax expense in the consolidated statements of operations. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Tax Reform significantly changed U.S. tax law by lowering the corporate income tax rate permanently from a maximum of&#160;35%&#160;to a flat&#160;21%&#160;rate
 effective January 1
 2018. As a result of the reduction in the U.S. corporate income tax rate from&#160;35%&#160;to&#160;21%&#160;under Tax Reform
 the Company revalued its ending net deferred tax liabilities at December 31
 2017 and recognized a non-cash tax benefit of&#160;$111.3 million&#160;in the Company&#x2019;s consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

 &lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;Year Ended&lt;br/&gt; December 31
 &lt;br/&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;Year Ended&lt;br/&gt;December 31






















      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpjY2ZkM2RjMTgwZTM0M2M1YjBkYTcyNzlmYzQ1N2ZiMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNjZmQzZGMxODBlMzQzYzViMGRhNzI3OWZjNDU3ZmIwXzItMi0xLTEtMTE3NTI_bb020244-8fa1-4ec1-8da2-b2e1c08612a3


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpjY2ZkM2RjMTgwZTM0M2M1YjBkYTcyNzlmYzQ1N2ZiMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNjZmQzZGMxODBlMzQzYzViMGRhNzI3OWZjNDU3ZmIwXzMtMS0xLTEtMA_0871e721-6fb5-42ca-8068-574483459e8d


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpjY2ZkM2RjMTgwZTM0M2M1YjBkYTcyNzlmYzQ1N2ZiMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNjZmQzZGMxODBlMzQzYzViMGRhNzI3OWZjNDU3ZmIwXzMtMy0xLTEtMA_f22121b9-c0e0-49a0-be86-44d91f2e609d


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpjY2ZkM2RjMTgwZTM0M2M1YjBkYTcyNzlmYzQ1N2ZiMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNjZmQzZGMxODBlMzQzYzViMGRhNzI3OWZjNDU3ZmIwXzMtMi0xLTEtMTE3NTI_26c8555d-b986-47d3-a7b0-9b316775b800


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpjY2ZkM2RjMTgwZTM0M2M1YjBkYTcyNzlmYzQ1N2ZiMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNjZmQzZGMxODBlMzQzYzViMGRhNzI3OWZjNDU3ZmIwXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_d3b7e7cf-41c5-4258-abbb-bca3b1853660


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpjY2ZkM2RjMTgwZTM0M2M1YjBkYTcyNzlmYzQ1N2ZiMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNjZmQzZGMxODBlMzQzYzViMGRhNzI3OWZjNDU3ZmIwXzQtMy0xLTEtMA_6aeda663-c299-4877-a5bf-594bd43ba9b1


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpjY2ZkM2RjMTgwZTM0M2M1YjBkYTcyNzlmYzQ1N2ZiMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNjZmQzZGMxODBlMzQzYzViMGRhNzI3OWZjNDU3ZmIwXzQtMi0xLTEtMTE3NTI_1d11c532-31ef-4a5f-b663-804752abf959


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpjY2ZkM2RjMTgwZTM0M2M1YjBkYTcyNzlmYzQ1N2ZiMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNjZmQzZGMxODBlMzQzYzViMGRhNzI3OWZjNDU3ZmIwXzUtMS0xLTEtMA_66740eee-63e0-40a6-9b4c-30d18b88ac01


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpjY2ZkM2RjMTgwZTM0M2M1YjBkYTcyNzlmYzQ1N2ZiMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNjZmQzZGMxODBlMzQzYzViMGRhNzI3OWZjNDU3ZmIwXzUtMy0xLTEtMA_75c3f96b-3b6e-426d-8d2e-269d67741be1


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpjY2ZkM2RjMTgwZTM0M2M1YjBkYTcyNzlmYzQ1N2ZiMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNjZmQzZGMxODBlMzQzYzViMGRhNzI3OWZjNDU3ZmIwXzctMi0xLTEtMTE3NTI_109e9c12-8ffc-4e01-bb96-d6081582d498


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpjY2ZkM2RjMTgwZTM0M2M1YjBkYTcyNzlmYzQ1N2ZiMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNjZmQzZGMxODBlMzQzYzViMGRhNzI3OWZjNDU3ZmIwXzgtMS0xLTEtMA_066bcbed-5906-43ba-8db1-b993cf3d205e


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpjY2ZkM2RjMTgwZTM0M2M1YjBkYTcyNzlmYzQ1N2ZiMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNjZmQzZGMxODBlMzQzYzViMGRhNzI3OWZjNDU3ZmIwXzgtMy0xLTEtMA_461bd688-8399-4246-a5ee-f00dfe33d731


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpjY2ZkM2RjMTgwZTM0M2M1YjBkYTcyNzlmYzQ1N2ZiMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNjZmQzZGMxODBlMzQzYzViMGRhNzI3OWZjNDU3ZmIwXzgtMi0xLTEtMTE3NTI_793e6381-5b58-41bc-ad42-09fde6f54b53


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpjY2ZkM2RjMTgwZTM0M2M1YjBkYTcyNzlmYzQ1N2ZiMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNjZmQzZGMxODBlMzQzYzViMGRhNzI3OWZjNDU3ZmIwXzktMS0xLTEtMA_03da1334-fb3a-4ef7-8424-676101f70edf


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpjY2ZkM2RjMTgwZTM0M2M1YjBkYTcyNzlmYzQ1N2ZiMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNjZmQzZGMxODBlMzQzYzViMGRhNzI3OWZjNDU3ZmIwXzktMy0xLTEtMA_976c960d-a518-42c8-8be5-62d1af99ecdd


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpjY2ZkM2RjMTgwZTM0M2M1YjBkYTcyNzlmYzQ1N2ZiMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNjZmQzZGMxODBlMzQzYzViMGRhNzI3OWZjNDU3ZmIwXzktMi0xLTEtMTE3NTI_fe7b830e-0e83-46e1-8528-d9702fc0cafa


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpjY2ZkM2RjMTgwZTM0M2M1YjBkYTcyNzlmYzQ1N2ZiMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNjZmQzZGMxODBlMzQzYzViMGRhNzI3OWZjNDU3ZmIwXzEwLTEtMS0xLTA_34b5d9f0-2973-4fbc-9507-6c0f1b91d141


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpjY2ZkM2RjMTgwZTM0M2M1YjBkYTcyNzlmYzQ1N2ZiMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNjZmQzZGMxODBlMzQzYzViMGRhNzI3OWZjNDU3ZmIwXzEwLTMtMS0xLTA_e54d952d-40a9-4c49-9f65-6e98e3e501af


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpjY2ZkM2RjMTgwZTM0M2M1YjBkYTcyNzlmYzQ1N2ZiMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNjZmQzZGMxODBlMzQzYzViMGRhNzI3OWZjNDU3ZmIwXzEwLTItMS0xLTExNzUy_70ce87ce-1613-4e04-97d8-c94b693daf81


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpjY2ZkM2RjMTgwZTM0M2M1YjBkYTcyNzlmYzQ1N2ZiMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNjZmQzZGMxODBlMzQzYzViMGRhNzI3OWZjNDU3ZmIwXzExLTEtMS0xLTA_37d6b2c2-70d7-4cad-b3ae-d8faeeac66a5


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpjY2ZkM2RjMTgwZTM0M2M1YjBkYTcyNzlmYzQ1N2ZiMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNjZmQzZGMxODBlMzQzYzViMGRhNzI3OWZjNDU3ZmIwXzExLTMtMS0xLTA_c49b6fb8-1673-49d2-83a0-5581cf4b49b4


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

 2019
 2018
 and 2017
 the effective income tax rate differs from the federal statutory income tax rate as explained below:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;margin-top:12pt;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;table style=margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;text-indent:0pt;display:inline-table;width:100.000%;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:55.532%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.441%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.461%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.441%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.461%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.601%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.463%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;Year Ended&lt;br/&gt; December 31
 &lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;Year Ended&lt;br/&gt; December 31
 &lt;br/&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;Year Ended &lt;br/&gt;December 31



      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTphY2UyYmRmNjJhOTk0YWQ3OWQ3MDJlODMxZjg3NmIyMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmFjZTJiZGY2MmE5OTRhZDc5ZDcwMmU4MzFmODc2YjIxXzEtMi0xLTEtMTE3NTU_33705320-014f-47fc-a78c-c5fd4e3395e1


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTphY2UyYmRmNjJhOTk0YWQ3OWQ3MDJlODMxZjg3NmIyMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmFjZTJiZGY2MmE5OTRhZDc5ZDcwMmU4MzFmODc2YjIxXzItMS0xLTEtMA_8d28b2e7-0252-48a0-a34e-2a8641086615


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTphY2UyYmRmNjJhOTk0YWQ3OWQ3MDJlODMxZjg3NmIyMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmFjZTJiZGY2MmE5OTRhZDc5ZDcwMmU4MzFmODc2YjIxXzItMy0xLTEtMA_b9b94ea0-015f-4ad5-ac82-10356b66a8f4


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTphY2UyYmRmNjJhOTk0YWQ3OWQ3MDJlODMxZjg3NmIyMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmFjZTJiZGY2MmE5OTRhZDc5ZDcwMmU4MzFmODc2YjIxXzMtMi0xLTEtMTE3NTU_4980c63b-038a-4805-9bdc-69ab746fbdc1


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTphY2UyYmRmNjJhOTk0YWQ3OWQ3MDJlODMxZjg3NmIyMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmFjZTJiZGY2MmE5OTRhZDc5ZDcwMmU4MzFmODc2YjIxXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_8a394d29-48cf-41a1-8f21-232631a699de


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTphY2UyYmRmNjJhOTk0YWQ3OWQ3MDJlODMxZjg3NmIyMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmFjZTJiZGY2MmE5OTRhZDc5ZDcwMmU4MzFmODc2YjIxXzQtMy0xLTEtMA_9bf29065-26b1-498a-a018-5c9569fe077c


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTphY2UyYmRmNjJhOTk0YWQ3OWQ3MDJlODMxZjg3NmIyMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmFjZTJiZGY2MmE5OTRhZDc5ZDcwMmU4MzFmODc2YjIxXzQtMi0xLTEtMTE3NTU_a541e12e-cccc-4897-8cce-47608a7bd47a


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTphY2UyYmRmNjJhOTk0YWQ3OWQ3MDJlODMxZjg3NmIyMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmFjZTJiZGY2MmE5OTRhZDc5ZDcwMmU4MzFmODc2YjIxXzUtMS0xLTEtMA_f178198f-0cbe-4ad6-9e6d-007ae3ffa138


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTphY2UyYmRmNjJhOTk0YWQ3OWQ3MDJlODMxZjg3NmIyMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmFjZTJiZGY2MmE5OTRhZDc5ZDcwMmU4MzFmODc2YjIxXzUtMy0xLTEtMA_1387967d-8e75-4e8e-b346-f728e610e256


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTphY2UyYmRmNjJhOTk0YWQ3OWQ3MDJlODMxZjg3NmIyMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmFjZTJiZGY2MmE5OTRhZDc5ZDcwMmU4MzFmODc2YjIxXzUtMi0xLTEtMTE3NTU_bf3ac659-00f5-47fb-8c97-b65936194ba8


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTphY2UyYmRmNjJhOTk0YWQ3OWQ3MDJlODMxZjg3NmIyMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmFjZTJiZGY2MmE5OTRhZDc5ZDcwMmU4MzFmODc2YjIxXzgtMS0xLTEtMA_3fe6069a-2778-4770-831f-92d8802cd637


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTphY2UyYmRmNjJhOTk0YWQ3OWQ3MDJlODMxZjg3NmIyMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmFjZTJiZGY2MmE5OTRhZDc5ZDcwMmU4MzFmODc2YjIxXzgtMy0xLTEtMA_ff704dc9-618f-48c1-90e2-641369155ad7


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTphY2UyYmRmNjJhOTk0YWQ3OWQ3MDJlODMxZjg3NmIyMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmFjZTJiZGY2MmE5OTRhZDc5ZDcwMmU4MzFmODc2YjIxXzYtMi0xLTEtMTE3NTU_650b8e80-8d06-4f41-aa16-489f8370a7a3


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTphY2UyYmRmNjJhOTk0YWQ3OWQ3MDJlODMxZjg3NmIyMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmFjZTJiZGY2MmE5OTRhZDc5ZDcwMmU4MzFmODc2YjIxXzktMS0xLTEtMA_4880291a-04bf-4454-9b83-dccd6f2e4d70


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTphY2UyYmRmNjJhOTk0YWQ3OWQ3MDJlODMxZjg3NmIyMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmFjZTJiZGY2MmE5OTRhZDc5ZDcwMmU4MzFmODc2YjIxXzktMy0xLTEtMA_f436bd35-ba2c-4cc9-8dcc-ed0bc315c6fd


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTphY2UyYmRmNjJhOTk0YWQ3OWQ3MDJlODMxZjg3NmIyMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmFjZTJiZGY2MmE5OTRhZDc5ZDcwMmU4MzFmODc2YjIxXzctMi0xLTEtMTE3NTU_031a6338-6c02-4bb4-b38e-efbc8ae08454


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTphY2UyYmRmNjJhOTk0YWQ3OWQ3MDJlODMxZjg3NmIyMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmFjZTJiZGY2MmE5OTRhZDc5ZDcwMmU4MzFmODc2YjIxXzEwLTEtMS0xLTA_098bcc92-5883-4264-a5b2-4c078bf2a8b2


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTphY2UyYmRmNjJhOTk0YWQ3OWQ3MDJlODMxZjg3NmIyMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmFjZTJiZGY2MmE5OTRhZDc5ZDcwMmU4MzFmODc2YjIxXzEwLTMtMS0xLTA_9eaee23e-34b1-4a1a-a81e-c18746f96206


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTphY2UyYmRmNjJhOTk0YWQ3OWQ3MDJlODMxZjg3NmIyMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmFjZTJiZGY2MmE5OTRhZDc5ZDcwMmU4MzFmODc2YjIxXzgtMi0xLTEtMTE3NTU_ba668ed3-0569-4bd8-9709-7adb9b66b3d2


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTphY2UyYmRmNjJhOTk0YWQ3OWQ3MDJlODMxZjg3NmIyMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmFjZTJiZGY2MmE5OTRhZDc5ZDcwMmU4MzFmODc2YjIxXzExLTEtMS0xLTA_79c59b77-c097-4fc7-9738-bdb1b0e9561d


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTphY2UyYmRmNjJhOTk0YWQ3OWQ3MDJlODMxZjg3NmIyMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmFjZTJiZGY2MmE5OTRhZDc5ZDcwMmU4MzFmODc2YjIxXzExLTMtMS0xLTA_c9a88ea2-11d4-418d-bc49-81f51fcc533e


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTphY2UyYmRmNjJhOTk0YWQ3OWQ3MDJlODMxZjg3NmIyMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmFjZTJiZGY2MmE5OTRhZDc5ZDcwMmU4MzFmODc2YjIxXzktMi0xLTEtMTE3NTU_7aea32ac-886f-446b-a14f-6d4fe70e4de4


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTphY2UyYmRmNjJhOTk0YWQ3OWQ3MDJlODMxZjg3NmIyMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmFjZTJiZGY2MmE5OTRhZDc5ZDcwMmU4MzFmODc2YjIxXzEyLTEtMS0xLTA_6c5cc595-bd5b-4b85-8e93-90b70ef4fe0f


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTphY2UyYmRmNjJhOTk0YWQ3OWQ3MDJlODMxZjg3NmIyMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmFjZTJiZGY2MmE5OTRhZDc5ZDcwMmU4MzFmODc2YjIxXzEyLTMtMS0xLTA_1f78054b-ecb1-4537-8138-df062a8fac2d


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231























      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpiNDUxMDk2YTg1Nzg0YWY4OTczN2FmMTRlMGRkMTRiZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmI0NTEwOTZhODU3ODRhZjg5NzM3YWYxNGUwZGQxNGJkXzItMi0xLTEtMTE3NTc_d19194f7-9972-4a4b-b1ed-ea13fc5ee88a


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpiNDUxMDk2YTg1Nzg0YWY4OTczN2FmMTRlMGRkMTRiZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmI0NTEwOTZhODU3ODRhZjg5NzM3YWYxNGUwZGQxNGJkXzMtMS0xLTEtMA_4846fbc0-69c9-438a-bc31-349f844b4a9b


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpiNDUxMDk2YTg1Nzg0YWY4OTczN2FmMTRlMGRkMTRiZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmI0NTEwOTZhODU3ODRhZjg5NzM3YWYxNGUwZGQxNGJkXzMtMi0xLTEtMTE3NTc_8d29e00f-978a-4624-afdb-95292cf66df1


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpiNDUxMDk2YTg1Nzg0YWY4OTczN2FmMTRlMGRkMTRiZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmI0NTEwOTZhODU3ODRhZjg5NzM3YWYxNGUwZGQxNGJkXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_b26832e0-fdac-4bb3-9574-a5d8ae5f92a0


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpiNDUxMDk2YTg1Nzg0YWY4OTczN2FmMTRlMGRkMTRiZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmI0NTEwOTZhODU3ODRhZjg5NzM3YWYxNGUwZGQxNGJkXzQtMi0xLTEtMTE3NTc_8da4b3ae-46b2-469e-b167-91416ee1b4f2


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpiNDUxMDk2YTg1Nzg0YWY4OTczN2FmMTRlMGRkMTRiZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmI0NTEwOTZhODU3ODRhZjg5NzM3YWYxNGUwZGQxNGJkXzUtMS0xLTEtMA_7cae9ed8-97ff-4f7a-a79b-fd7d9f22a418


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpiNDUxMDk2YTg1Nzg0YWY4OTczN2FmMTRlMGRkMTRiZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmI0NTEwOTZhODU3ODRhZjg5NzM3YWYxNGUwZGQxNGJkXzUtMi0xLTEtMTE3NTc_5d20517e-80ff-4163-b272-8d7c5497f275


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpiNDUxMDk2YTg1Nzg0YWY4OTczN2FmMTRlMGRkMTRiZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmI0NTEwOTZhODU3ODRhZjg5NzM3YWYxNGUwZGQxNGJkXzYtMS0xLTEtMA_d7e9b8dc-5042-473d-b3de-6da4e1dceee8


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpiNDUxMDk2YTg1Nzg0YWY4OTczN2FmMTRlMGRkMTRiZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmI0NTEwOTZhODU3ODRhZjg5NzM3YWYxNGUwZGQxNGJkXzYtMi0xLTEtMTE3NTc_b72bfbdf-9b65-4ae5-ba20-e35f0eceb45a


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpiNDUxMDk2YTg1Nzg0YWY4OTczN2FmMTRlMGRkMTRiZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmI0NTEwOTZhODU3ODRhZjg5NzM3YWYxNGUwZGQxNGJkXzctMS0xLTEtMA_4f879044-8109-4aeb-8aa9-aa8bc2e7568a


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpiNDUxMDk2YTg1Nzg0YWY4OTczN2FmMTRlMGRkMTRiZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmI0NTEwOTZhODU3ODRhZjg5NzM3YWYxNGUwZGQxNGJkXzctMi0xLTEtMTE3NTc_719c3644-f2b4-4293-8acf-a0245542ef79


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpiNDUxMDk2YTg1Nzg0YWY4OTczN2FmMTRlMGRkMTRiZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmI0NTEwOTZhODU3ODRhZjg5NzM3YWYxNGUwZGQxNGJkXzgtMS0xLTEtMA_bbbd180c-33ad-485c-ac35-3c968b27b8c4


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpiNDUxMDk2YTg1Nzg0YWY4OTczN2FmMTRlMGRkMTRiZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmI0NTEwOTZhODU3ODRhZjg5NzM3YWYxNGUwZGQxNGJkXzEwLTItMS0xLTExNzU3_c7d1bc73-fe99-4f02-a6d0-50eab8809802


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpiNDUxMDk2YTg1Nzg0YWY4OTczN2FmMTRlMGRkMTRiZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmI0NTEwOTZhODU3ODRhZjg5NzM3YWYxNGUwZGQxNGJkXzEzLTEtMS0xLTA_e22d05f8-fc53-464a-af3d-b2599c00ee07


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpiNDUxMDk2YTg1Nzg0YWY4OTczN2FmMTRlMGRkMTRiZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmI0NTEwOTZhODU3ODRhZjg5NzM3YWYxNGUwZGQxNGJkXzExLTItMS0xLTExNzU3_af66b6a9-9e2a-4029-844f-da3a84d25fbb


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpiNDUxMDk2YTg1Nzg0YWY4OTczN2FmMTRlMGRkMTRiZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmI0NTEwOTZhODU3ODRhZjg5NzM3YWYxNGUwZGQxNGJkXzE0LTEtMS0xLTA_a4bad390-f14e-4fb5-8c33-6d7d542944bb


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpiNDUxMDk2YTg1Nzg0YWY4OTczN2FmMTRlMGRkMTRiZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmI0NTEwOTZhODU3ODRhZjg5NzM3YWYxNGUwZGQxNGJkXzEyLTItMS0xLTExNzU3_9240d6a4-623d-4030-aa45-e21ff2350cca


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpiNDUxMDk2YTg1Nzg0YWY4OTczN2FmMTRlMGRkMTRiZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmI0NTEwOTZhODU3ODRhZjg5NzM3YWYxNGUwZGQxNGJkXzE1LTEtMS0xLTA_a0a68f61-eca8-4c2d-a435-a8fdf2307402


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpiNDUxMDk2YTg1Nzg0YWY4OTczN2FmMTRlMGRkMTRiZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmI0NTEwOTZhODU3ODRhZjg5NzM3YWYxNGUwZGQxNGJkXzEzLTItMS0xLTExNzU3_37656e9c-0e2d-464e-9151-1b15078d5b3a


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpiNDUxMDk2YTg1Nzg0YWY4OTczN2FmMTRlMGRkMTRiZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmI0NTEwOTZhODU3ODRhZjg5NzM3YWYxNGUwZGQxNGJkXzE2LTEtMS0xLTA_cb7f0146-6fbe-4ceb-9cd1-02d276b1c044


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpiNDUxMDk2YTg1Nzg0YWY4OTczN2FmMTRlMGRkMTRiZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmI0NTEwOTZhODU3ODRhZjg5NzM3YWYxNGUwZGQxNGJkXzE0LTItMS0xLTExNzU3_f4d41dd8-9215-452c-a2ef-a25b87942848


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpiNDUxMDk2YTg1Nzg0YWY4OTczN2FmMTRlMGRkMTRiZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmI0NTEwOTZhODU3ODRhZjg5NzM3YWYxNGUwZGQxNGJkXzE3LTEtMS0xLTA_4c61964e-85e6-41cb-b49c-167c9b147e2c


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpiNDUxMDk2YTg1Nzg0YWY4OTczN2FmMTRlMGRkMTRiZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmI0NTEwOTZhODU3ODRhZjg5NzM3YWYxNGUwZGQxNGJkXzE2LTItMS0xLTExNzU3_1abfea3a-0de7-4927-95d9-6d9b45b8c13a


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90YWJsZTpiNDUxMDk2YTg1Nzg0YWY4OTczN2FmMTRlMGRkMTRiZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmI0NTEwOTZhODU3ODRhZjg5NzM3YWYxNGUwZGQxNGJkXzE5LTEtMS0xLTA_591df969-3582-4b31-8190-c4cd5335952c


      contextRef=ia6dbab690f4a47c997a45c5c65ddc7f1_I20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmZhMDIxYTU4OGE0MTQ5OGU4ZDEzNjZlYzQxMTJlZWY2XzQ1Mzk_0a9afa9f-f6ab-4b95-82e1-af483a2d28c4


      contextRef=ia6dbab690f4a47c997a45c5c65ddc7f1_I20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmZhMDIxYTU4OGE0MTQ5OGU4ZDEzNjZlYzQxMTJlZWY2XzQ1Nzc_45902418-a1b8-4faa-8d07-f8b16bf16e9b


      contextRef=i95efb7909f344cb0b4118fd7098e7ca3_I20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmZhMDIxYTU4OGE0MTQ5OGU4ZDEzNjZlYzQxMTJlZWY2XzQ4MDk_2e892656-339a-4da5-b5e2-d180eaf82d1c


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmZhMDIxYTU4OGE0MTQ5OGU4ZDEzNjZlYzQxMTJlZWY2XzQ4MDk_f189591f-99d3-4baa-a3bf-9139418f3e92


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMjQvZnJhZzpmYTAyMWE1ODhhNDE0OThlOGQxMzY2ZWM0MTEyZWVmNi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmZhMDIxYTU4OGE0MTQ5OGU4ZDEzNjZlYzQxMTJlZWY2XzU2MDI_f7ce2f24-469b-4208-b6d2-89f6b798c509


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

 2019
 a subsidiary of the Company entered into a share purchase agreement to acquire all of the shares of the parent company of Voortman
 a Canadian manufacturer of premium
 branded wafers
 as well as sugar-free and specialty cookies for approximately $320&#160;million ($425&#160;million CAD)
 subject to customary adjustments for net indebtedness of the acquired business and working capital. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;This agreement contains customary representations
 warranties and covenants of the parties. Subject to certain exceptions and other provisions
 the parties have agreed to indemnify each other for breaches of representations and warranties
 breaches of covenants and certain other matters. Approximately $10.8&#160;million CAD of the purchase price was deposited into an escrow account to satisfy amounts in respect of purchase price adjustments and to provide for payment of indemnity claims
 if any. The transaction closed on January 3
 2020. A preliminary allocation of the purchase price to the net assets acquired in this business combination is expected to be made during the first quarter of 2020.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;The transaction was financed with cash on hand and incremental debt. On January 3
 2020
 Hostess Brands
 LLC entered into $140.0&#160;million of incremental term loans through an amendment to its existing credit agreement. The terms
 conditions and covenants applicable to the new term loans were the same as the terms

 the Company is subject to various legal actions
 lawsuits
 claims and proceedings related to products
 employment
 environmental regulations
 and other matters incidental to its businesses. Based upon information presently known
 the Company does not believe that the ultimate resolution of such matters will have a material effect on the Company&#x2019;s financial position
 although the final resolution of such matters could have a material effect on its results of operations or cash flows in the period of resolution.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Liabilities related to legal proceedings are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the associated amount can be reasonably estimated. Where the estimated amount of loss is within a range of amounts and no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount
 the low end of the range is accrued. As additional information becomes available
 the potential liabilities related to these matters are reassessed and the estimates revised
 if necessary. These accrued liabilities are subject to change in the future based on new developments in each matter
 or changes in circumstances

 the Company leased facilities for its commercial office and primary distribution centers under noncancelable operating lease arrangements. The future minimum lease payments under these agreements as of December&#160;31







 Georgia on December 1
 2013
 which was amended in December
 2016. The bond-lease transaction required the Company to exchange its property to the taxing jurisdiction for tax-exempt bonds issued in the name of the Company not to exceed $18 million. As the issuer and holder of the bonds
 the Company is not required to make lease payments. On December 16
 2013
 the Company received an ad valorem tax agreement from the Columbus
 Georgia Board of Tax Assessors granting tax abatement for the real and personal property located at the Company&#x2019;s Columbus

&lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;Reduction of right of use asset





 Hostess records rent expense in its consolidated statements of operations on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Variable lease payments
 which primarily include taxes
 insurance and common area maintenance
 are expensed as incurred. During the year ended December 31
 2019
 the Company entered into a lease agreement for its new distribution center in Edgerton
 Kansas. The agreement has a base term of six and a half years with two &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzAvZnJhZzo5Y2I0NDBjNGMxOTA0YTgxYjZlMWY4ZDIzZjQwNWI3Ni90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjljYjQ0MGM0YzE5MDRhODFiNmUxZjhkMjNmNDA1Yjc2XzIzMDg5NzQ0MjA4ODM2_62816e9b-c2b9-44d8-a1e0-ef22800f2327&gt;five&lt;/span&gt; year extension. The right of use of use asset and lease liability were calculated using the six and a half year term. Rent expense for operating leases prior to the adoption of Topic 842 was $1.9 million and $2.0 million for the years ended December&#160;31
 2018 and 2017








      contextRef=i15ea577191154971862a678842ea03ac_D20200103-20200103
      decimals=-6
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzAvZnJhZzo5Y2I0NDBjNGMxOTA0YTgxYjZlMWY4ZDIzZjQwNWI3Ni90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjljYjQ0MGM0YzE5MDRhODFiNmUxZjhkMjNmNDA1Yjc2XzQzOTgwNDY1MjgzNjA_1bc3c530-4192-4cf3-98a5-b2784eb54884


      contextRef=i15ea577191154971862a678842ea03ac_D20200103-20200103
      decimals=-6
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzAvZnJhZzo5Y2I0NDBjNGMxOTA0YTgxYjZlMWY4ZDIzZjQwNWI3Ni90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjljYjQ0MGM0YzE5MDRhODFiNmUxZjhkMjNmNDA1Yjc2XzE5NzkxMjA5MzI0NTIz_7ce89645-2757-4374-920e-4ae88d251745


      contextRef=i01c96c9e47724d1ca8ff9a11473d63f5_I20200103
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzAvZnJhZzo5Y2I0NDBjNGMxOTA0YTgxYjZlMWY4ZDIzZjQwNWI3Ni90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjljYjQ0MGM0YzE5MDRhODFiNmUxZjhkMjNmNDA1Yjc2XzM4NDgyOTA3MjE3NDM_5b6cf2d0-0a81-4ff0-b720-39cfa0aa34f5


      contextRef=i9ad8a617addc4dd497967faeb15eef86_I20200103
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzAvZnJhZzo5Y2I0NDBjNGMxOTA0YTgxYjZlMWY4ZDIzZjQwNWI3Ni90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjljYjQ0MGM0YzE5MDRhODFiNmUxZjhkMjNmNDA1Yjc2XzM4NDgyOTA3MjE3NTU_1de7b6f7-42ad-4089-bb9c-809efca2de3b


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231









      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzAvZnJhZzo5Y2I0NDBjNGMxOTA0YTgxYjZlMWY4ZDIzZjQwNWI3Ni90YWJsZTo4NmNkMmM2NTU1ZGM0N2E5YjQ0MjUyZWRhZjk3NzU5MC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg2Y2QyYzY1NTVkYzQ3YTliNDQyNTJlZGFmOTc3NTkwXzEtMS0xLTEtODQ0Mg_10d2b374-054f-4527-8ab3-8b2c957660a9


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzAvZnJhZzo5Y2I0NDBjNGMxOTA0YTgxYjZlMWY4ZDIzZjQwNWI3Ni90YWJsZTo4NmNkMmM2NTU1ZGM0N2E5YjQ0MjUyZWRhZjk3NzU5MC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg2Y2QyYzY1NTVkYzQ3YTliNDQyNTJlZGFmOTc3NTkwXzItMS0xLTEtODQ0Mg_e6e5c6fe-9da4-42b1-af7d-bb4b2eba9393


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzAvZnJhZzo5Y2I0NDBjNGMxOTA0YTgxYjZlMWY4ZDIzZjQwNWI3Ni90YWJsZTo4NmNkMmM2NTU1ZGM0N2E5YjQ0MjUyZWRhZjk3NzU5MC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg2Y2QyYzY1NTVkYzQ3YTliNDQyNTJlZGFmOTc3NTkwXzMtMS0xLTEtODQ0Mg_a4b9eb51-23c1-4b44-95e0-423f6e33f412


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzAvZnJhZzo5Y2I0NDBjNGMxOTA0YTgxYjZlMWY4ZDIzZjQwNWI3Ni90YWJsZTo4NmNkMmM2NTU1ZGM0N2E5YjQ0MjUyZWRhZjk3NzU5MC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg2Y2QyYzY1NTVkYzQ3YTliNDQyNTJlZGFmOTc3NTkwXzQtMS0xLTEtODQ0Mg_db23b8cf-5e63-4e3a-8e2a-dd942a39841a


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzAvZnJhZzo5Y2I0NDBjNGMxOTA0YTgxYjZlMWY4ZDIzZjQwNWI3Ni90YWJsZTo4NmNkMmM2NTU1ZGM0N2E5YjQ0MjUyZWRhZjk3NzU5MC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg2Y2QyYzY1NTVkYzQ3YTliNDQyNTJlZGFmOTc3NTkwXzUtMS0xLTEtODQ0Mg_5392f671-86b0-4a36-8e90-58a826a8115d


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzAvZnJhZzo5Y2I0NDBjNGMxOTA0YTgxYjZlMWY4ZDIzZjQwNWI3Ni90YWJsZTo4NmNkMmM2NTU1ZGM0N2E5YjQ0MjUyZWRhZjk3NzU5MC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg2Y2QyYzY1NTVkYzQ3YTliNDQyNTJlZGFmOTc3NTkwXzYtMS0xLTEtODQ0Mg_4d820625-e05b-4a52-aaf7-c479f4569d88


      contextRef=iefed8b46584e48e5be69fcecb460e856_I20191231
      decimals=-6
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzAvZnJhZzo5Y2I0NDBjNGMxOTA0YTgxYjZlMWY4ZDIzZjQwNWI3Ni90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjljYjQ0MGM0YzE5MDRhODFiNmUxZjhkMjNmNDA1Yjc2Xzg3OTYwOTMwNDE4Mjk_b30a6c37-37fc-4764-897e-6f8e87e9bc9d


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

&lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;Reduction of right of use asset






      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzAvZnJhZzo5Y2I0NDBjNGMxOTA0YTgxYjZlMWY4ZDIzZjQwNWI3Ni90YWJsZTphZTA2YWMxNjIxNGE0NWM3OTk1MDgxMjFiNzBkOWRjMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmFlMDZhYzE2MjE0YTQ1Yzc5OTUwODEyMWI3MGQ5ZGMxXzEtMS0xLTEtNzI3OQ_70109254-7d0d-4c10-ba96-ba661ee7e77e


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzAvZnJhZzo5Y2I0NDBjNGMxOTA0YTgxYjZlMWY4ZDIzZjQwNWI3Ni90YWJsZTphZTA2YWMxNjIxNGE0NWM3OTk1MDgxMjFiNzBkOWRjMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmFlMDZhYzE2MjE0YTQ1Yzc5OTUwODEyMWI3MGQ5ZGMxXzItMS0xLTEtNzI3OQ_5a1e9a67-1d55-4280-93b2-e9bddc41c811


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzAvZnJhZzo5Y2I0NDBjNGMxOTA0YTgxYjZlMWY4ZDIzZjQwNWI3Ni90YWJsZTphZTA2YWMxNjIxNGE0NWM3OTk1MDgxMjFiNzBkOWRjMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmFlMDZhYzE2MjE0YTQ1Yzc5OTUwODEyMWI3MGQ5ZGMxXzMtMS0xLTEtNzI3OQ_3de138f1-f10f-4fb7-a8bc-83cd1feaee35


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzAvZnJhZzo5Y2I0NDBjNGMxOTA0YTgxYjZlMWY4ZDIzZjQwNWI3Ni90YWJsZTphZTA2YWMxNjIxNGE0NWM3OTk1MDgxMjFiNzBkOWRjMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmFlMDZhYzE2MjE0YTQ1Yzc5OTUwODEyMWI3MGQ5ZGMxXzQtMS0xLTEtNzI3OQ_1d21398a-fdf4-40c9-98bb-dcc9102d7e38


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzAvZnJhZzo5Y2I0NDBjNGMxOTA0YTgxYjZlMWY4ZDIzZjQwNWI3Ni90YWJsZTphZTA2YWMxNjIxNGE0NWM3OTk1MDgxMjFiNzBkOWRjMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmFlMDZhYzE2MjE0YTQ1Yzc5OTUwODEyMWI3MGQ5ZGMxXzUtMS0xLTEtNzI3OQ_7df6b84a-9b3d-4425-befa-fa883834a60b


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzAvZnJhZzo5Y2I0NDBjNGMxOTA0YTgxYjZlMWY4ZDIzZjQwNWI3Ni90YWJsZTphZTA2YWMxNjIxNGE0NWM3OTk1MDgxMjFiNzBkOWRjMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmFlMDZhYzE2MjE0YTQ1Yzc5OTUwODEyMWI3MGQ5ZGMxXzYtMS0xLTEtNzI3OQ_9e382536-7f93-49ce-a1a7-2f0a74796cb6


      contextRef=i3fad636e687b40eb86802d2b7aee5014_I20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzAvZnJhZzo5Y2I0NDBjNGMxOTA0YTgxYjZlMWY4ZDIzZjQwNWI3Ni90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjljYjQ0MGM0YzE5MDRhODFiNmUxZjhkMjNmNDA1Yjc2XzM4NDgyOTA3MjI2NzU_9f56c1b1-3835-4b72-abe0-425ec2241497


      contextRef=ic27915eb25a54c3692a99e8b25ff97b0_D20180101-20181231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzAvZnJhZzo5Y2I0NDBjNGMxOTA0YTgxYjZlMWY4ZDIzZjQwNWI3Ni90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjljYjQ0MGM0YzE5MDRhODFiNmUxZjhkMjNmNDA1Yjc2XzI3NDg3NzkwOTQ2NjI_dba29a6c-006d-431c-a22b-006a18aa6711


      contextRef=i051cbe7e0fc542e6b17746f5c0fd368d_D20170101-20171231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzAvZnJhZzo5Y2I0NDBjNGMxOTA0YTgxYjZlMWY4ZDIzZjQwNWI3Ni90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjljYjQ0MGM0YzE5MDRhODFiNmUxZjhkMjNmNDA1Yjc2XzI3NDg3NzkwOTQ2Njk_ffcb4064-8526-4543-b16d-5f9207c61139


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231







      contextRef=i36ff600552ee4f15a404e7c87492784e_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzAvZnJhZzo5Y2I0NDBjNGMxOTA0YTgxYjZlMWY4ZDIzZjQwNWI3Ni90YWJsZTpmNzcwMjYyNjEyNWM0OGJlOGVjYjkxNzMyYzMyMGNiYi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmY3NzAyNjI2MTI1YzQ4YmU4ZWNiOTE3MzJjMzIwY2JiXzEtMS0xLTEtMA_2ca1738b-6f98-42b1-9bbc-ee9b12045471


      contextRef=i36ff600552ee4f15a404e7c87492784e_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzAvZnJhZzo5Y2I0NDBjNGMxOTA0YTgxYjZlMWY4ZDIzZjQwNWI3Ni90YWJsZTpmNzcwMjYyNjEyNWM0OGJlOGVjYjkxNzMyYzMyMGNiYi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmY3NzAyNjI2MTI1YzQ4YmU4ZWNiOTE3MzJjMzIwY2JiXzEtMi0xLTEtMA_2b3d4edc-a18d-4e81-8f47-df8a5e492da9


      contextRef=i36ff600552ee4f15a404e7c87492784e_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzAvZnJhZzo5Y2I0NDBjNGMxOTA0YTgxYjZlMWY4ZDIzZjQwNWI3Ni90YWJsZTpmNzcwMjYyNjEyNWM0OGJlOGVjYjkxNzMyYzMyMGNiYi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmY3NzAyNjI2MTI1YzQ4YmU4ZWNiOTE3MzJjMzIwY2JiXzEtMy0xLTEtMA_e50ac694-7440-4fa3-9d42-21b27183a24a


      contextRef=ibfdc01b0a9d540249ff50acf80da1599_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzAvZnJhZzo5Y2I0NDBjNGMxOTA0YTgxYjZlMWY4ZDIzZjQwNWI3Ni90YWJsZTpmNzcwMjYyNjEyNWM0OGJlOGVjYjkxNzMyYzMyMGNiYi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmY3NzAyNjI2MTI1YzQ4YmU4ZWNiOTE3MzJjMzIwY2JiXzItMS0xLTEtMA_a463c5a9-6cbc-4502-a673-a3c275449b07


      contextRef=ibfdc01b0a9d540249ff50acf80da1599_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzAvZnJhZzo5Y2I0NDBjNGMxOTA0YTgxYjZlMWY4ZDIzZjQwNWI3Ni90YWJsZTpmNzcwMjYyNjEyNWM0OGJlOGVjYjkxNzMyYzMyMGNiYi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmY3NzAyNjI2MTI1YzQ4YmU4ZWNiOTE3MzJjMzIwY2JiXzItMi0xLTEtMA_520b5bb9-4b3e-4963-988a-2ff880bfc1f8


      contextRef=ibfdc01b0a9d540249ff50acf80da1599_I20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzAvZnJhZzo5Y2I0NDBjNGMxOTA0YTgxYjZlMWY4ZDIzZjQwNWI3Ni90YWJsZTpmNzcwMjYyNjEyNWM0OGJlOGVjYjkxNzMyYzMyMGNiYi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmY3NzAyNjI2MTI1YzQ4YmU4ZWNiOTE3MzJjMzIwY2JiXzItMy0xLTEtMA_3aaf4ee5-5846-4943-b0b8-57a0d7dcfd34


      contextRef=i3dacba77b1df469fa3238ff356ed43ce_I20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzAvZnJhZzo5Y2I0NDBjNGMxOTA0YTgxYjZlMWY4ZDIzZjQwNWI3Ni90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjljYjQ0MGM0YzE5MDRhODFiNmUxZjhkMjNmNDA1Yjc2XzM3MjA_d8c4b65a-558c-4a38-b9dc-9f1f94b28b86


      contextRef=ib216b8bf85934b03953e0adbd7abe93e_I20181231
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzAvZnJhZzo5Y2I0NDBjNGMxOTA0YTgxYjZlMWY4ZDIzZjQwNWI3Ni90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjljYjQ0MGM0YzE5MDRhODFiNmUxZjhkMjNmNDA1Yjc2XzM3Mjg_8a132199-3e23-4f6c-8dc6-75d27a80f894


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzAvZnJhZzo5Y2I0NDBjNGMxOTA0YTgxYjZlMWY4ZDIzZjQwNWI3Ni90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjljYjQ0MGM0YzE5MDRhODFiNmUxZjhkMjNmNDA1Yjc2XzM4NzQ_cb0e630c-b518-4238-b218-d34080103373


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

 expect per share data)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;December 31
&lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;September 30
&lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;June 30
&lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;March 31

















 except per share data)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;December 31
&lt;br/&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;September 30
&lt;br/&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;June 30
&lt;br/&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;March 31


















      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231

 expect per share data)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;December 31
&lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;September 30
&lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;June 30
&lt;br/&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;March 31

















 except per share data)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;December 31
&lt;br/&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;September 30
&lt;br/&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;June 30
&lt;br/&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255,255,255, 0.0);&gt;March 31


















      contextRef=i3bc7c2dec8b54c0388b0cfc4654addf2_D20191001-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTo0YTZhODAxZWMzMDk0MTYwYmNhNThmNWI3MGUyZDRmZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRhNmE4MDFlYzMwOTQxNjBiY2E1OGY1YjcwZTJkNGZlXzItMi0xLTEtMA_5ac106ad-ce2d-43d3-94ed-4de721bb4d84


      contextRef=i7845437af0e34ebb8857f1b2cf5e868f_D20190701-20190930
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTo0YTZhODAxZWMzMDk0MTYwYmNhNThmNWI3MGUyZDRmZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRhNmE4MDFlYzMwOTQxNjBiY2E1OGY1YjcwZTJkNGZlXzItNC0xLTEtMA_4c392ea3-ccf6-42ce-a417-d368962fa84a


      contextRef=i9760dca5759f4c638972b012d86f8fcc_D20190401-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTo0YTZhODAxZWMzMDk0MTYwYmNhNThmNWI3MGUyZDRmZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRhNmE4MDFlYzMwOTQxNjBiY2E1OGY1YjcwZTJkNGZlXzItNi0xLTEtMA_974965db-747b-4184-9496-c8bf1e0b43b6


      contextRef=i80201835be464d0bb4b2ec552f9b4c24_D20190101-20190331
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTo0YTZhODAxZWMzMDk0MTYwYmNhNThmNWI3MGUyZDRmZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRhNmE4MDFlYzMwOTQxNjBiY2E1OGY1YjcwZTJkNGZlXzItOC0xLTEtMA_d502c412-b987-48cb-9b49-21e472157ef3


      contextRef=i3bc7c2dec8b54c0388b0cfc4654addf2_D20191001-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTo0YTZhODAxZWMzMDk0MTYwYmNhNThmNWI3MGUyZDRmZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRhNmE4MDFlYzMwOTQxNjBiY2E1OGY1YjcwZTJkNGZlXzMtMi0xLTEtMA_f31c2741-ec5b-4664-9ff7-1669cdebf38e


      contextRef=i7845437af0e34ebb8857f1b2cf5e868f_D20190701-20190930
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTo0YTZhODAxZWMzMDk0MTYwYmNhNThmNWI3MGUyZDRmZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRhNmE4MDFlYzMwOTQxNjBiY2E1OGY1YjcwZTJkNGZlXzMtNC0xLTEtMA_e133b670-c1c7-4a3b-ac04-7c87f7a5e6a8


      contextRef=i9760dca5759f4c638972b012d86f8fcc_D20190401-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTo0YTZhODAxZWMzMDk0MTYwYmNhNThmNWI3MGUyZDRmZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRhNmE4MDFlYzMwOTQxNjBiY2E1OGY1YjcwZTJkNGZlXzMtNi0xLTEtMA_421124b1-e84f-4e52-b48b-fd01939b66af


      contextRef=i80201835be464d0bb4b2ec552f9b4c24_D20190101-20190331
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTo0YTZhODAxZWMzMDk0MTYwYmNhNThmNWI3MGUyZDRmZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRhNmE4MDFlYzMwOTQxNjBiY2E1OGY1YjcwZTJkNGZlXzMtOC0xLTEtMA_453a7e35-a6d2-4b65-bf14-bf8acd275d39


      contextRef=i3bc7c2dec8b54c0388b0cfc4654addf2_D20191001-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTo0YTZhODAxZWMzMDk0MTYwYmNhNThmNWI3MGUyZDRmZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRhNmE4MDFlYzMwOTQxNjBiY2E1OGY1YjcwZTJkNGZlXzQtMi0xLTEtMA_59387167-590c-4fa2-b720-13a01e5a4103


      contextRef=i7845437af0e34ebb8857f1b2cf5e868f_D20190701-20190930
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTo0YTZhODAxZWMzMDk0MTYwYmNhNThmNWI3MGUyZDRmZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRhNmE4MDFlYzMwOTQxNjBiY2E1OGY1YjcwZTJkNGZlXzQtNC0xLTEtMA_b4385ac4-3343-42c6-83f9-929a162c4744


      contextRef=i9760dca5759f4c638972b012d86f8fcc_D20190401-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTo0YTZhODAxZWMzMDk0MTYwYmNhNThmNWI3MGUyZDRmZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRhNmE4MDFlYzMwOTQxNjBiY2E1OGY1YjcwZTJkNGZlXzQtNi0xLTEtMA_51f63036-ab2f-4c70-9cfb-7de938aea8b5


      contextRef=i80201835be464d0bb4b2ec552f9b4c24_D20190101-20190331
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTo0YTZhODAxZWMzMDk0MTYwYmNhNThmNWI3MGUyZDRmZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRhNmE4MDFlYzMwOTQxNjBiY2E1OGY1YjcwZTJkNGZlXzQtOC0xLTEtMA_2f178a2d-c0f3-4acc-9d3a-c339a5e60840


      contextRef=i3bc7c2dec8b54c0388b0cfc4654addf2_D20191001-20191231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTo0YTZhODAxZWMzMDk0MTYwYmNhNThmNWI3MGUyZDRmZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRhNmE4MDFlYzMwOTQxNjBiY2E1OGY1YjcwZTJkNGZlXzUtMi0xLTEtMA_69e819e3-0e7c-4d84-9eb2-77bfca8fdb4d


      contextRef=i7845437af0e34ebb8857f1b2cf5e868f_D20190701-20190930
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTo0YTZhODAxZWMzMDk0MTYwYmNhNThmNWI3MGUyZDRmZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRhNmE4MDFlYzMwOTQxNjBiY2E1OGY1YjcwZTJkNGZlXzUtNC0xLTEtMA_697fff63-4315-4277-bfc8-249c3e0e2c29


      contextRef=i9760dca5759f4c638972b012d86f8fcc_D20190401-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTo0YTZhODAxZWMzMDk0MTYwYmNhNThmNWI3MGUyZDRmZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRhNmE4MDFlYzMwOTQxNjBiY2E1OGY1YjcwZTJkNGZlXzUtNi0xLTEtMA_52cf5a0e-5ec0-4be0-9fbd-2ad5877f0410


      contextRef=i80201835be464d0bb4b2ec552f9b4c24_D20190101-20190331
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTo0YTZhODAxZWMzMDk0MTYwYmNhNThmNWI3MGUyZDRmZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRhNmE4MDFlYzMwOTQxNjBiY2E1OGY1YjcwZTJkNGZlXzUtOC0xLTEtMA_3ac3a964-3876-4532-8c71-9efe645ec0f4


      contextRef=i3bc7c2dec8b54c0388b0cfc4654addf2_D20191001-20191231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTo0YTZhODAxZWMzMDk0MTYwYmNhNThmNWI3MGUyZDRmZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRhNmE4MDFlYzMwOTQxNjBiY2E1OGY1YjcwZTJkNGZlXzctMi0xLTEtMA_d0a513d4-cff1-420a-a2e2-e08b153afc1b


      contextRef=i7845437af0e34ebb8857f1b2cf5e868f_D20190701-20190930
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTo0YTZhODAxZWMzMDk0MTYwYmNhNThmNWI3MGUyZDRmZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRhNmE4MDFlYzMwOTQxNjBiY2E1OGY1YjcwZTJkNGZlXzctNC0xLTEtMA_f65ee44f-37d3-4112-911d-766ee32df480


      contextRef=i9760dca5759f4c638972b012d86f8fcc_D20190401-20190630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTo0YTZhODAxZWMzMDk0MTYwYmNhNThmNWI3MGUyZDRmZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRhNmE4MDFlYzMwOTQxNjBiY2E1OGY1YjcwZTJkNGZlXzctNi0xLTEtMA_00e985e6-892f-4e51-bab6-3e49ae19c7c7


      contextRef=i80201835be464d0bb4b2ec552f9b4c24_D20190101-20190331
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTo0YTZhODAxZWMzMDk0MTYwYmNhNThmNWI3MGUyZDRmZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRhNmE4MDFlYzMwOTQxNjBiY2E1OGY1YjcwZTJkNGZlXzctOC0xLTEtMA_7bf335cb-ea0a-496b-8ff2-d96ce47046e7


      contextRef=i3bc7c2dec8b54c0388b0cfc4654addf2_D20191001-20191231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTo0YTZhODAxZWMzMDk0MTYwYmNhNThmNWI3MGUyZDRmZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRhNmE4MDFlYzMwOTQxNjBiY2E1OGY1YjcwZTJkNGZlXzgtMi0xLTEtMA_794b1b1c-662f-4fdb-8dd2-2f1aa3fffe32


      contextRef=i7845437af0e34ebb8857f1b2cf5e868f_D20190701-20190930
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTo0YTZhODAxZWMzMDk0MTYwYmNhNThmNWI3MGUyZDRmZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRhNmE4MDFlYzMwOTQxNjBiY2E1OGY1YjcwZTJkNGZlXzgtNC0xLTEtMA_5291458e-9978-442c-a1f2-3366a0287814


      contextRef=i9760dca5759f4c638972b012d86f8fcc_D20190401-20190630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTo0YTZhODAxZWMzMDk0MTYwYmNhNThmNWI3MGUyZDRmZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRhNmE4MDFlYzMwOTQxNjBiY2E1OGY1YjcwZTJkNGZlXzgtNi0xLTEtMA_31dffb31-bd4b-4f8f-b5de-c12fb68a0102


      contextRef=i80201835be464d0bb4b2ec552f9b4c24_D20190101-20190331
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTo0YTZhODAxZWMzMDk0MTYwYmNhNThmNWI3MGUyZDRmZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRhNmE4MDFlYzMwOTQxNjBiY2E1OGY1YjcwZTJkNGZlXzgtOC0xLTEtMA_0c1e2d5a-5daf-46ca-a191-6ed3394fd2e7


      contextRef=ib4179b5943cc43c3bc6ff6e64b29c129_D20181001-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTpkNzk3NmNiZjBlNWM0NTI4OTYxZGQ4MzFlNGM5MDhjYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ3OTc2Y2JmMGU1YzQ1Mjg5NjFkZDgzMWU0YzkwOGNhXzItMi0xLTEtMA_48dc5d41-db34-4afd-9d58-b43aedac454f


      contextRef=i794a3a19f3aa4ae4ac39c6cf5fb0f74c_D20180701-20180930
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTpkNzk3NmNiZjBlNWM0NTI4OTYxZGQ4MzFlNGM5MDhjYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ3OTc2Y2JmMGU1YzQ1Mjg5NjFkZDgzMWU0YzkwOGNhXzItNC0xLTEtMA_e9b11121-704d-44de-9397-b879507cced7


      contextRef=i84ba8fea7c45430f8c62761abf71c96e_D20180401-20180630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTpkNzk3NmNiZjBlNWM0NTI4OTYxZGQ4MzFlNGM5MDhjYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ3OTc2Y2JmMGU1YzQ1Mjg5NjFkZDgzMWU0YzkwOGNhXzItNi0xLTEtMA_a9877ca8-03f3-42a9-82d1-fdcae5d7e265


      contextRef=i5fd729f595f64bff962cbec60175fb0e_D20180101-20180331
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTpkNzk3NmNiZjBlNWM0NTI4OTYxZGQ4MzFlNGM5MDhjYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ3OTc2Y2JmMGU1YzQ1Mjg5NjFkZDgzMWU0YzkwOGNhXzItOC0xLTEtMA_b9b51c3a-dbb4-44f0-aacf-67e5eaa6c189


      contextRef=ib4179b5943cc43c3bc6ff6e64b29c129_D20181001-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTpkNzk3NmNiZjBlNWM0NTI4OTYxZGQ4MzFlNGM5MDhjYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ3OTc2Y2JmMGU1YzQ1Mjg5NjFkZDgzMWU0YzkwOGNhXzMtMi0xLTEtMA_7669fd90-7f25-4fbb-8256-2f272399d8e1


      contextRef=i794a3a19f3aa4ae4ac39c6cf5fb0f74c_D20180701-20180930
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTpkNzk3NmNiZjBlNWM0NTI4OTYxZGQ4MzFlNGM5MDhjYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ3OTc2Y2JmMGU1YzQ1Mjg5NjFkZDgzMWU0YzkwOGNhXzMtNC0xLTEtMA_a8a785e0-3747-47be-a030-51a8f5c42bd7


      contextRef=i84ba8fea7c45430f8c62761abf71c96e_D20180401-20180630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTpkNzk3NmNiZjBlNWM0NTI4OTYxZGQ4MzFlNGM5MDhjYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ3OTc2Y2JmMGU1YzQ1Mjg5NjFkZDgzMWU0YzkwOGNhXzMtNi0xLTEtMA_c1d18c3a-0c01-46dd-9e71-a73046c6b003


      contextRef=i5fd729f595f64bff962cbec60175fb0e_D20180101-20180331
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTpkNzk3NmNiZjBlNWM0NTI4OTYxZGQ4MzFlNGM5MDhjYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ3OTc2Y2JmMGU1YzQ1Mjg5NjFkZDgzMWU0YzkwOGNhXzMtOC0xLTEtMA_e399e2d0-27f5-4ffa-886e-4bf48426d1b4


      contextRef=ib4179b5943cc43c3bc6ff6e64b29c129_D20181001-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTpkNzk3NmNiZjBlNWM0NTI4OTYxZGQ4MzFlNGM5MDhjYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ3OTc2Y2JmMGU1YzQ1Mjg5NjFkZDgzMWU0YzkwOGNhXzQtMi0xLTEtMA_fd224da9-7944-4ca7-b59e-a1489b86b1af


      contextRef=i794a3a19f3aa4ae4ac39c6cf5fb0f74c_D20180701-20180930
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTpkNzk3NmNiZjBlNWM0NTI4OTYxZGQ4MzFlNGM5MDhjYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ3OTc2Y2JmMGU1YzQ1Mjg5NjFkZDgzMWU0YzkwOGNhXzQtNC0xLTEtMA_7e6e1423-9a8a-42db-894d-24300c98bab3


      contextRef=i84ba8fea7c45430f8c62761abf71c96e_D20180401-20180630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTpkNzk3NmNiZjBlNWM0NTI4OTYxZGQ4MzFlNGM5MDhjYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ3OTc2Y2JmMGU1YzQ1Mjg5NjFkZDgzMWU0YzkwOGNhXzQtNi0xLTEtMA_156b1eab-f0a8-4646-b920-8d7e2e589f23


      contextRef=i5fd729f595f64bff962cbec60175fb0e_D20180101-20180331
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTpkNzk3NmNiZjBlNWM0NTI4OTYxZGQ4MzFlNGM5MDhjYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ3OTc2Y2JmMGU1YzQ1Mjg5NjFkZDgzMWU0YzkwOGNhXzQtOC0xLTEtMA_9ca60869-2bd9-4445-97a2-9b9a08e99d9d


      contextRef=ib4179b5943cc43c3bc6ff6e64b29c129_D20181001-20181231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTpkNzk3NmNiZjBlNWM0NTI4OTYxZGQ4MzFlNGM5MDhjYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ3OTc2Y2JmMGU1YzQ1Mjg5NjFkZDgzMWU0YzkwOGNhXzUtMi0xLTEtMA_3b695f0d-e0d6-4b5a-9582-98f4977669ba


      contextRef=i794a3a19f3aa4ae4ac39c6cf5fb0f74c_D20180701-20180930
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTpkNzk3NmNiZjBlNWM0NTI4OTYxZGQ4MzFlNGM5MDhjYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ3OTc2Y2JmMGU1YzQ1Mjg5NjFkZDgzMWU0YzkwOGNhXzUtNC0xLTEtMA_1e91c843-0729-4ae2-bcb6-c9ede2a7f61b


      contextRef=i84ba8fea7c45430f8c62761abf71c96e_D20180401-20180630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTpkNzk3NmNiZjBlNWM0NTI4OTYxZGQ4MzFlNGM5MDhjYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ3OTc2Y2JmMGU1YzQ1Mjg5NjFkZDgzMWU0YzkwOGNhXzUtNi0xLTEtMA_5947ea15-6dc0-4383-ab2b-17f0e1cb410c


      contextRef=i5fd729f595f64bff962cbec60175fb0e_D20180101-20180331
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTpkNzk3NmNiZjBlNWM0NTI4OTYxZGQ4MzFlNGM5MDhjYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ3OTc2Y2JmMGU1YzQ1Mjg5NjFkZDgzMWU0YzkwOGNhXzUtOC0xLTEtMA_a561f91e-e25a-4cd0-b4d0-64ac2c90b136


      contextRef=ib4179b5943cc43c3bc6ff6e64b29c129_D20181001-20181231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTpkNzk3NmNiZjBlNWM0NTI4OTYxZGQ4MzFlNGM5MDhjYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ3OTc2Y2JmMGU1YzQ1Mjg5NjFkZDgzMWU0YzkwOGNhXzctMi0xLTEtMA_ab3a7680-c6dc-4332-b266-c6237cbe2071


      contextRef=i794a3a19f3aa4ae4ac39c6cf5fb0f74c_D20180701-20180930
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTpkNzk3NmNiZjBlNWM0NTI4OTYxZGQ4MzFlNGM5MDhjYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ3OTc2Y2JmMGU1YzQ1Mjg5NjFkZDgzMWU0YzkwOGNhXzctNC0xLTEtMA_e99e9e83-6ce2-48b2-850a-dc81647304b1


      contextRef=i84ba8fea7c45430f8c62761abf71c96e_D20180401-20180630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTpkNzk3NmNiZjBlNWM0NTI4OTYxZGQ4MzFlNGM5MDhjYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ3OTc2Y2JmMGU1YzQ1Mjg5NjFkZDgzMWU0YzkwOGNhXzctNi0xLTEtMA_f7bfb138-148a-44fa-996a-402ce7f20bce


      contextRef=i5fd729f595f64bff962cbec60175fb0e_D20180101-20180331
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTpkNzk3NmNiZjBlNWM0NTI4OTYxZGQ4MzFlNGM5MDhjYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ3OTc2Y2JmMGU1YzQ1Mjg5NjFkZDgzMWU0YzkwOGNhXzctOC0xLTEtMA_0b3ee15a-8221-491c-b4ad-7e25508da2f7


      contextRef=ib4179b5943cc43c3bc6ff6e64b29c129_D20181001-20181231
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTpkNzk3NmNiZjBlNWM0NTI4OTYxZGQ4MzFlNGM5MDhjYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ3OTc2Y2JmMGU1YzQ1Mjg5NjFkZDgzMWU0YzkwOGNhXzgtMi0xLTEtMA_c4f6794c-c76c-452c-8aef-166fe9905881


      contextRef=i794a3a19f3aa4ae4ac39c6cf5fb0f74c_D20180701-20180930
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTpkNzk3NmNiZjBlNWM0NTI4OTYxZGQ4MzFlNGM5MDhjYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ3OTc2Y2JmMGU1YzQ1Mjg5NjFkZDgzMWU0YzkwOGNhXzgtNC0xLTEtMA_a2698967-0d32-4638-a15e-474b0cd08ebb


      contextRef=i84ba8fea7c45430f8c62761abf71c96e_D20180401-20180630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTpkNzk3NmNiZjBlNWM0NTI4OTYxZGQ4MzFlNGM5MDhjYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ3OTc2Y2JmMGU1YzQ1Mjg5NjFkZDgzMWU0YzkwOGNhXzgtNi0xLTEtMA_83259a92-2c71-431c-b240-a15e19a404cb


      contextRef=i5fd729f595f64bff962cbec60175fb0e_D20180101-20180331
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xMzkvZnJhZzo3NzA0NDViN2FlYmI0MzI4YmY1MDIzNzA2ZDQxMmU0Yi90YWJsZTpkNzk3NmNiZjBlNWM0NTI4OTYxZGQ4MzFlNGM5MDhjYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ3OTc2Y2JmMGU1YzQ1Mjg5NjFkZDgzMWU0YzkwOGNhXzgtOC0xLTEtMA_afee5541-847e-464b-8bdf-ebdcfb0ba4e0


      contextRef=i72c9fb5bedee4591a40a8d7c377e3e92_D20190101-20191231



      contextRef=i6e112bd771344cbe8e8bbc4cde0b0e98_I20200226
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xODEzL2ZyYWc6OTJkYzhhMDcyZGZhNDYxYzlhOTIyOTc2NDZlNDkxNTcvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjo5MmRjOGEwNzJkZmE0NjFjOWE5MjI5NzY0NmU0OTE1N18xODY5MTY5NzY3MzEzMQ_f9d2dd0d-062f-485a-a522-09160deadd1d


      contextRef=i4124f9df3358472f9711d3af7af88504_I20200226
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xODEzL2ZyYWc6OTJkYzhhMDcyZGZhNDYxYzlhOTIyOTc2NDZlNDkxNTcvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjo5MmRjOGEwNzJkZmE0NjFjOWE5MjI5NzY0NmU0OTE1N18yMTk5MDIzMjU2ODc3_d4517181-e37a-4554-b1bd-aca89e918a30


      contextRef=i2f10176a52b54971bb2639c27a27df10_I20200226
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xODEzL2ZyYWc6OTJkYzhhMDcyZGZhNDYxYzlhOTIyOTc2NDZlNDkxNTcvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjo5MmRjOGEwNzJkZmE0NjFjOWE5MjI5NzY0NmU0OTE1N18xODY5MTY5NzY3MzE0NQ_4ebb3f10-26ee-4600-847e-dc37c4634527


      contextRef=id19147a1177349e8ac382b43b196501d_I20200226
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5ODYyZjQ4N2Y1ZDQ3N2Q4ZDM2YjkwZDQ2N2EwOTU3L3NlYzo0OTg2MmY0ODdmNWQ0NzdkOGQzNmI5MGQ0NjdhMDk1N18xODEzL2ZyYWc6OTJkYzhhMDcyZGZhNDYxYzlhOTIyOTc2NDZlNDkxNTcvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjo5MmRjOGEwNzJkZmE0NjFjOWE5MjI5NzY0NmU0OTE1N18xODY5MTY5NzY3MzExNA_1b718108-ade6-4a73-8b0b-724146fa0672
















							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018











452














288


004





883)


268)





405


736

















Term Loan (4.14% as of December 31
 2019)

930


825





094)


778





836


603














Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal through the balance sheet date.




























Amount
 before unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but is not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 commercial loans
 mortgage loans
 convertible debt
 subordinated debt and other types of debt.
















































































































































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount of long-term debt and lease obligation
 classified as noncurrent.




























Amount of long-term debt and lease obligation
 classified as current.




























Amount of long-term debt and lease obligation
 including portion classified as current.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Commitments and Contingencies - Share Purchase Agreement (Details) - Jan. 03
 2020 - Parent Company of Voortman - Subsequent Event - Subsidiary of the Company











Purchase price
 subject to customary adjustments for net indebtedness of the acquired business and working capital

000
000







800
000





















000
000.0






































Amount of consideration transferred
 consisting of acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred by the acquirer
 liabilities incurred by the acquirer
 and equity interest issued by the acquirer.















































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017













724




163





047


077


903





771


699


066





859


476


457)







221)


187





121


255


270)



Income tax expense (benefit)
 net

892


954


204)



























































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Jan. 26
 2018
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018











Fair value inputs
 tax savings rate








Tax receivable arrangement
 remeasurement due to exchange of class B units



679





Tax receivable agreement
 remeasurement due to change in state tax rate



593


866



Tax receivable agreement
 cash tax savings rate












779





Tax receivable agreement
 payment made to terminate future payments

000







Fair value inputs
 tax savings rate
 prior to tax reform


























Tax receivable arrangement
 tax savings percent owed








Tax receivable arrangement
 term (more than)








Tax receivable arrangement
 tax savings percent retained








Fair value inputs
 tax savings rate












Fair Value Inputs
 Tax Savings Rate




























Fair Value Inputs
 Tax Savings Rate
 Prior to Tax Reform




























Liability On Tax Receivable Agreement
 Disposal Of Business




























Liability On Tax Receivable Agreement
 Share Exchanges




























Liability on Tax Receivable Agreement
 Remeasurement
 State Tax Rate




























Tax Receivable Agreement
 Cash Tax Savings Rate




























Tax Receivable Agreement
 Payment Made to Terminate Future Payments




























Tax Receivable Arrangement
 Tax Savings Percent Owed




























Tax Receivable Arrangement
 Tax Savings Percent Retained




























Tax Receivable Arrangement
 Term

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

























441





280





161















260





260












Purchase Obligation
 Due after Second Year






















































































Minimum amount of purchase arrangement maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Includes
 but not limited to
 recorded and unrecorded purchase obligations
 long-term purchase commitments
 and short-term purchase commitments.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }































Common stock
 number of classes | class


















































453
154


274
307



















046
636


225
583

















Common stock
 authorized (shares)

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 issued (shares)

108
086


046
392



Common stock
 outstanding (shares)

108
086


046
392



Class of warrant
 number of securities called



























Common stock
 authorized (shares)

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 issued (shares)

409
834


255
184



Common stock
 outstanding (shares)

409
834


255
184

















Common stock
 authorized (shares)

000
000





Common stock
 issued (shares)






Common stock
 outstanding (shares)










Class of Warrant or Right
 Redemption Price Per Share




























Class of Warrant or Right
 Stock Price Threshold Trading Days




























Class of Warrant or Right
 Trading Day Period Prior to Redemption




























Common Stock
 Number of Classes



















































































































Number of securities into which each warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 each warrant may be converted into two shares.






















































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.













































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Aug. 30
 2019
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017


Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]














414


















Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]












000













100


















Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]



















































































The cash inflow associated with the amount received from the sale of a portion of the company's business
 for example a segment
 division
 branch or other business
 during the period.




























Amount
 after cash payment
 of expenses associated with exit or disposal activities pursuant to an authorized plan. Excludes expenses related to a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Stock-Based Compensation - Restricted Stock Units
 Narrative (Details) - USD ($)



Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017















































Percentage of granted units
 eligible to be received












000







000


000














Total unrecognized compensation cost
 grant date fair value





















































Percentage of granted units
 eligible to be received
























































































































Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period
 Eligible to Receive




























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Option
 Granted in Period
 Fair Value



















































































































Minimum period the individual is required to perform services to be fully vested under the deferred compensation arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted-average period over which cost not yet recognized is expected to be recognized for award under share-based payment arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































Period over which grantee's right to exercise award under share-based payment arrangement is no longer contingent on satisfaction of service or performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Includes
 but is not limited to
 combination of market
 performance or service condition.



































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Jan. 01
 2018
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017













Tax receivable agreement arising from exchanges
 income taxes



817




898



Income tax
 share-based compensation



354




610



Adoption of new accounting standards
 income tax














Adjustments to Additional Paid in Capital
 Tax Receivable Agreement from Exchanges
 Income Tax Effect




























Cumulative Effect of New Accounting Principle in Period of Adoption
 Tax Effect


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







December 31
December 31
December 31
63
62
223
110
540
99
957
99
109
3
693
3
021
6
113
465
120
84
114
699
103
098
105
307
293&#160;



































Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations
 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







Balance as of December 31
529
50
579
(2
(2
6
(7
(1
Balance as of December 31
535
39
575
(1
(1
(38
(38
Balance as of December 31
535
535
853&#160;




December 31
December 31
1
408
1
410
515
543
(71
(51
Intangible assets
1
853
1
901
215&#160;




December 31
December 31
1
408
1
410
515
543
(71
(51
Intangible assets
1
853
1
901
215&#160;




22
22
22
22
22
332
120&#160;



































Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life
 by either major class or business segment.

























































Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and exist in perpetuity
 by either major class or business segment.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(d)





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018









Common stock
 par value (usd per share)






Common stock
 authorized (shares)

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 issued (shares)

108
086


046
392



Common stock
 outstanding (shares)

108
086


046
392










Common stock
 par value (usd per share)






Common stock
 authorized (shares)

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 issued (shares)

409
834


255
184



Common stock
 outstanding (shares)

409
834


255
184

































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







To reduce the effect of interest rate fluctuations
-year contract. As of December&#160;31
 2019
 the notional amount is $300 million. The Company entered into this transaction to reduce its exposure to changes in cash flows associated with its variable rate debt and has designated this derivative as a cash flow hedge. At December&#160;31
 2019
As of December&#160;31
 2019
 the fair value of the interest rate swap contract of $0.7 million was reported within accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. As of 43465
 the fair value of the interest rate swap contract of $5.1&#160;million was reported within other assets
 net on the consolidated balance sheet. The $0.4 million of unrealized expense recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income as of December&#160;31
 2019 is expected to be reclassified into interest expense through December 31
In connection with the agreement to purchase Voortman as described in Note 15. Commitments and Contingencies
 the Company entered into a deal-contingent foreign currency contract to hedge the $440&#160;million Canadian Dollars (&#8220;CAD&#8221;) forecasted purchase price and a portion of the subsequent expected conversion costs. The contract was settled in cash following the completion of the purchase on January 3
 2020. At December 31
 2019
 the contract had a value of $7.1&#160;million recognized within other current assets on the consolidated balance sheet based on available market information on similar contracts (Level 2) and a corresponding gain of $7.1&#160;million was recognized in gain on foreign currency contract within the consolidated statements of operations.



































The entire disclosure for derivative instruments and hedging activities including
 but not limited to
 risk management strategies
 non-hedging derivative instruments
 assets
 liabilities
 revenue and expenses
 and methodologies and assumptions used in determining the amounts.







































  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    

  
  















							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







On February 1
 2018 (the &#8220;Purchase Date&#8221;)
 the Company acquired certain U.S. breakfast assets from Aryzta
 LLC
8
13
1
1
(1
23
No goodwill was recognized as part of this acquisition. During the year ended December&#160;31
 2018
 the Company incurred $0.3 million of expenses related to this acquisition. These expenses are classified as business combination transaction costs on the consolidated statements of operations.







The entire disclosure for a business combination (or series of individually immaterial business combinations) completed during the period
 including background
 timing
 and recognized assets and liabilities. The disclosure may include leverage buyout transactions (as applicable).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







Goodwill and intangible assets as of December 31
 2019 and 2018 were recognized as part of the 2016 purchase of Hostess Holdings from the Metropoulos Entities and other legacy equity holders
During the years ended December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 the Company recognized goodwill impairment charges related to its In-Store Bakery reporting unit of $1.0 million and $2.7&#160;million
 respectively
 within other operating expense on the consolidated statements of operations. During the year ended December&#160;31
 2019
Balance as of December 31
529
50
579
(2
(2
6
(7
(1
Balance as of December 31
535
39
575
(1
(1
(38
(38
Balance as of December 31
535
535
December 31
December 31
1
408
1
410
515
543
(71
(51
Intangible assets
1
853
1
901
During the year ended December&#160;31
 2019
the Company divested of its In-Store Bakery segment
 resulting in a reduction of intangible assets
 net of $24.5&#160;million. Amortization expense was $23.4&#160;million
 $24.1&#160;million and $23.9 million for the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018 and 2017 respectively. The unamortized portion of customer relationships will be expensed over their remaining useful life
 from 19 to 23 years. The weighted-average amortization period as of December&#160;31
22
22
22
22
22
332
120&#160;













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







On November 29
 2019
 a subsidiary of the Company entered into a share purchase agreement to acquire all of the shares of the parent company of Voortman
 a Canadian manufacturer of premium
 branded wafers
 as well as sugar-free and specialty cookies for approximately $320&#160;million ($425&#160;million CAD)
This agreement contains customary representations
 warranties and covenants of the parties. Subject to certain exceptions and other provisions
 the parties have agreed to indemnify each other for breaches of representations and warranties
 breaches of covenants and certain other matters. Approximately $10.8&#160;million CAD of the purchase price was deposited into an escrow account to satisfy amounts in respect of purchase price adjustments and to provide for payment of indemnity claims
 if any. The transaction closed on January 3
The transaction was financed with cash on hand and incremental debt. On January 3
 2020
 Hostess Brands
 LLC entered into $140.0&#160;million of incremental term loans through an amendment to its existing credit agreement. The terms
 conditions and covenants applicable to the new term loans were the same as the terms
From time to time
 the Company is subject to various legal actions
 lawsuits
 claims and proceedings related to products
 employment
 environmental regulations
 and other matters incidental to its businesses. Based upon information presently known
 the Company does not believe that the ultimate resolution of such matters will have a material effect on the Company&#8217;s financial position
Liabilities related to legal proceedings are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the associated amount can be reasonably estimated. Where the estimated amount of loss is within a range of amounts and no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount
 the low end of the range is accrued. As additional information becomes available
 the potential liabilities related to these matters are reassessed and the estimates revised
 if necessary. These accrued liabilities are subject to change in the future based on new developments in each matter
 or changes in circumstances
In 2019
 the Company leased facilities for its commercial office and primary distribution centers under noncancelable operating lease arrangements. The future minimum lease payments under these agreements as of December&#160;31
3
2
2
2
3
4
The Company entered into a bond-lease agreement with the Development Authority of Columbus
 Georgia on December 1
 2013
 which was amended in December
 2016. The bond-lease transaction required the Company to exchange its property to the taxing jurisdiction for tax-exempt bonds issued in the name of the Company not to exceed $18 million. As the issuer and holder of the bonds
 the Company is not required to make lease payments. On December 16
 2013
 the Company received an ad valorem tax agreement from the Columbus
 Georgia Board of Tax Assessors granting tax abatement for the real and personal property located at the Company&#8217;s Columbus
December 31
Reduction of right of use asset
Interest
3
1
5
For short-term leases
 Hostess records rent expense in its consolidated statements of operations on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Variable lease payments
 which primarily include taxes
 insurance and common area maintenance
 are expensed as incurred. During the year ended December 31
 2019
 the Company entered into a lease agreement for its new distribution center in Edgerton
 year extension. The right of use of use asset and lease liability were calculated using the six and a half year term. Rent expense for operating leases prior to the adoption of Topic 842 was $1.9 million and $2.0 million for the years ended December&#160;31
 2018 and 2017
76
75
1
49
49
The Company is a party to Letter of Credit arrangements to provide for the issuance of standby letters of credit in the amount of $4.2 million and $3.0 million for the years ended 2019 and 2018
 respectively. The arrangements support the collateral requirements for insurance. The Letters of Credit are 100% secured through our Revolver.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







December 31
December 31
21
18
22
16
3
3
47
38
580&#160;




December 31
December 31
December 31




































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.




























Tabular disclosure of the nature of a concentration
 a benchmark to which it is compared
 and the percentage that the risk is to the benchmark.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018











840


261





870


849



Payroll
 vacation and other compensation

389


104





665


866





938


646





255














661


137







Accrued Liabilities and Other
 Current




























Employee-related Liabilities
 Excluding Workers Compensation Reserve and Bonuses
 Current






















































































Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 expected to be settled within one year or normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of [accrued] interest payable on all forms of debt
 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
























































Carrying amount of accrued known and estimated losses incurred as of the balance sheet date for which no insurance coverage exists
 and for which a claim has been made or is probable of being asserted
 typically arising from workmen's compensation-type of incidents and personal injury to nonemployees from accidents on the entity's property that are expected to be paid within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Stock-Based Compensation - Stock Options
 Narrative (Details) - USD ($)



Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017


































































































Maximum term of the deferred compensation arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


























000
000











































































































































Period the derivative contract is outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Detail information of subsequent event by type. User is expected to use existing line items from elsewhere in the taxonomy as the primary line items for this disclosure
 which is further associated with dimension and member elements pertaining to a subsequent event.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017













000


700







377


057


855








































































































000


700





Reduction of intangible assets
 net due to divestiture of segment

500











Weighted average amortization period of finite-lived intangible assets acquired either individually or as part of a group of assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.

























































Remaining amortization period of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.















































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018


















000


600





665


866







Self Insurance Reserve
 Maximum Annual Claims Per Employee
 Amount
























































Carrying amount (including both current and noncurrent portions) of accrued known and estimated losses incurred as of the balance sheet date for which no insurance coverage exists
 and for which a claim has been made or is probable of being asserted
 typically arising from workmen's compensation-type of incidents and personal injury to nonemployees from accidents on the entity's property.

































































// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105.
var Show={};Show.LastAR=null
Show.showAR=function(a
r
w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0);
e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}}
if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d
p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'}
e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018











439


865





513


446





656


269





608


580







Other Inventory
 In Transit
 Net
























































Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods held by the company that are readily available for sale.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























































