

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-15-002569
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		13
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20141231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20150409
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20150409
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Evans Brewing Co Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001580490
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MALT BEVERAGES [2082]
		IRS NUMBER:				463031328
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54995
		FILM NUMBER:		15761830
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2000 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92614
		BUSINESS PHONE:		949-442-7565
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2000 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92614
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Evans Brewing Company
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140421
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALPINE 3 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130701









     








Washington
 D. C.
20549




For the fiscal year ended December 31
 2014













(Formerly ALPINE 3
 INC.)

charter)&nbsp;



    
    
    

    
    

Employer

    
    

No.)




    
    
    



    
    

    
    

Code)



 including
area code: (949) 442 7565&nbsp;


 former address and former fiscal
year
 if changed since last report)&nbsp;
Securities registered under Section 12(b)
of the Exchange Act:
None
Securities registered under Section 12(g)
of the Exchange Act:
Common Stock
 $0.0001 par value per share


registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
No 

registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
No 

registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to
be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 2 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes 

the registrant: (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

of delinquent filings pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of
registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form
10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;


    
    


    

    
    
    
    



    




 No

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates
as of June 30
 2014
 was $0.&nbsp;&nbsp;For purposes of the foregoing calculation only
 directors and executive officers and holders
of 10% or more of the issuer&rsquo;s common capital stock have been deemed affiliates.&nbsp;

as of April 9
 2015
 was 436
000.&nbsp;






    
    




FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2014







    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES
    

    
    
    






    
    







in this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain
as they are based on current expectations and assumptions concerning future events or future performance of the Company. Readers
are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which are only predictions and speak only as of
the date hereof. Forward-looking statements may contain the words &ldquo;believes
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;expects
&rdquo;
&ldquo;anticipates
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimates
&rdquo; &ldquo;forecasts
&rdquo; &ldquo;intends
&rdquo; &ldquo;strategy
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo;
&ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;would
&rdquo; &ldquo;will be
&rdquo; &ldquo;will continue
&rdquo; &ldquo;will likely
result
&rdquo; and similar expressions
 and are subject to numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Additionally
 statements
relating to implementation of business strategy
 future financial performance
 acquisition strategies
 capital raising transactions
performance of contractual obligations
 and similar statements may contain forward-looking statements. In evaluating such statements
prospective investors and shareholders should carefully review various risks and uncertainties identified in this Report
 including
the matters set forth under the captions &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; and in the Company&rsquo;s other SEC filings. These risks and
uncertainties could cause the Company&rsquo;s actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements.
The Company disclaims any obligation to update or publicly announce revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect future
events or developments.


Annual Report on Form 10-K reflect the good faith judgment of our management
 such statements can only be based on facts and factors
currently known by us. Consequently
 forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties
 and actual results
and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the forward-looking statements.
Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include
 without limitation
 those specifically
addressed under the heading &ldquo;Risk Factors Related to Our Business&rdquo; below
 as well as those discussed elsewhere in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which speak only
as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;).
You can read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC&rsquo;s Public Reference Room
 100 F. Street
 NE
 Washington
D.C. 20549. You can obtain additional information about the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330.
In addition
 the SEC maintains an Internet site (www.sec.gov) that contains reports
 proxy and information statements
 and other
information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC
 including us.

We disclaim any obligation to revise or
update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made throughout the entirety of
this Annual Report
 which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business
 financial
condition
 results of operations and prospects.



Corporate Overview and History of Evans Brewing Company
 Inc.
(Formerly ALPINE 3
 Inc.).

 Inc. (formerly
ALPINE 3 Inc.) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on June 18
 2013. Alpine 3 Inc. was set up to serve as
a vehicle to effect an asset acquisition
 merger
 exchange of capital stock or other business combination with a domestic or foreign
business. ALPINE 3 did not undertake any effort to cause a market to develop in its securities
 either debt or equity
 before it
successfully concluded a business combination. On April 4
 2014 The Michael J. Rapport Trust purchased 10
000
000 shares of common
stock which was all of the outstanding shares of Alpine 3
 Inc. and changed the name to Evans Brewing Company Inc. (EBC) on May
29
 2014. On October 9
 2014 the &ldquo;Trust&rdquo; agreed to the cancellation of 9
600
000 of the shares of common stock that
it had acquired and retained 400
000 shares of common stock. Since inception
 EBC has been in the developmental stage and has conducted
virtually no business operations other than exploring the acquisition of the Bayhawk brands and related assets.



    
    




 Inc. and EBC entered into the Agreement on October
15
 2014
 subject to receiving approval of the Bayhawk shareholders. Assuming that the approval of the Bayhawk shareholders is
obtained
 pursuant to the Agreement
 Bayhawk Ales
 Inc. will sell to EBC
 and EBC will purchase from Bayhawk all of the assets
of Bayhawk
 including but not limited to: (A) all assets
 including personal property
 intellectual property
 inventory
 contracts
websites
 documents
 and all other assets however delineated relating to the Bayhawk Ales label (as defined in the Agreement and
discussed in more detail below); and (B) all assets
 including personal property
 intellectual property
 inventory
 contracts
websites
 documents
 and all other assets however delineated relating to the Evans Brands (as defined in the Agreement and discussed
in more detail below); and(C) 100% of the stock in Evans Brewing Company
 Inc. (CA) which has the brewers license at City Brewery
in Lacrosse
 WI (where all of the EBC brands will be brewed) (collectively
 the &ldquo;



 Inc. (Formerly ALPINE
3
 Inc.) was incorporated in June 18
 2013 with a Fiscal Year Ending of December 31st. Evans Brewing Company is a
Delaware Corporation and has not engaged any business operations since inception. Evans Brewing Company
 Inc. is in the process
of acquiring Bayhawk Ales
 Orange County&rsquo;s oldest and largest microbrewery
 which began operations in late 1994.




 Inc. does not have any product as of the
fiscal year ended December 31
 2014.

Seasonality
of Business


 Inc. has no products
at this time and so is not affected by the seasons of the year.





ITEM 1A.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;RISK
FACTORS.


 as well as
other factors affecting the Company&rsquo;s financial condition and operating results
 past financial performance should not be
considered to be a reliable indicator of future performance
 and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results
or trends in future periods.

You should carefully consider the risks
described below together with all of the other information included in this report before making an investment decision with regard
to our securities.&nbsp;&nbsp;The statements contained in or incorporated herein that are not historic facts are forward-looking
statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth
in or implied by forward-looking statements. If any of the following risks actually occurs
 our business
 financial condition or
results of operations could be harmed. In that case
 you may lose all or part of your investment.



We are an &ldquo;emerging
growth company
&rdquo; and the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to &ldquo;emerging growth companies&rdquo; could make
our common stock less attractive to investors.


growth company
&rdquo; as defined in the JOBS Act. For as long as we are an emerging growth company
 we may take advantage of certain
exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies
including
 but not limited to
 not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements
and exemptions from the requirements of holding advisory &ldquo;say-on-pay&rdquo; votes on executive compensation and shareholder
advisory votes on golden parachute compensation. We will remain an &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; until the earliest of
(i) the last day of the fiscal year during which we have total annual gross revenues of $1&nbsp;billion or more; (ii) the last
date of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common stock under this registration statement;
(iii) the date on which we have
 during the previous three-year period
 issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt; and
(iv) the date on which we are deemed to be a &ldquo;large accelerated filer&rdquo; under the Exchange Act. We will be deemed a
large accelerated filer on the first day of the fiscal year after the market value of our common equity held by non-affiliates
exceeds $700 million
 measured on October 31.



    
    




if investors will find our common stock less attractive to the extent we rely on the exemptions available to emerging growth companies.
If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result
 there may be a less active trading market for our common stock
and our stock price may be more volatile.


 Section
107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided
in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. An emerging growth company
can therefore delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies.


to be treated as an emerging growth company shall continue to be deemed an emerging growth company until the earliest of (i) the
last day of the fiscal year during which it had total annual gross revenues of $1
000
000
000 (as indexed for inflation)
 (ii)
the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common stock under this registration
statement; (iii) the date on which it has
 during the previous 3-year period
 issued more than $1
000
000
000 in non-convertible
debt; or (iv) the date on which is deemed to be a &lsquo;large accelerated filer&rsquo; as defined by the SEC
 which would generally
occur upon it attaining a public float of at least $700 million.


use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(2) of the Jobs Act
that allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and
private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As a result of this election
 our financial statements may
not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates.

Management of EBC cannot guarantee
that EBC will generate revenues which could result in a total loss of the value of your investment if it is unsuccessful in its
business plans.


that EBC will be able to generate revenues or that revenues will be sufficient to maintain its business following the Asset Purchase
Transaction.&nbsp;&nbsp;As a result
 you could lose all of your investment if you participate in the Share Exchange if EBC is not
successful in its proposed business plans.

EBC&rsquo;s needs could exceed the
amount of time or level of experience our officers and directors may have.&nbsp;&nbsp;EBC will be dependent on key executives
and the loss of the services of the current officers and directors could severely impact EBC&rsquo;s business operations.


plan does not provide for the hiring of any additional employees other than outlined in its plan of operations until sales will
support the expense.&nbsp;&nbsp;Until that time the responsibility of developing EBC&rsquo;s business
 the offering and selling
of the shares through this prospectus and fulfilling the reporting requirements of a public company will fall upon the two officers
and the directors.&nbsp;&nbsp;In the event they are unable to fulfill any aspect of their duties to EBC
 it may experience a shortfall
or complete lack of sales resulting in little or no profits and eventual closure of our business.


 the
management of future growth will require
 among other things
 continued development of EBC&rsquo;s financial and management controls
and management information systems
 stringent control of costs
 increased marketing activities
 and the ability to attract and
retain qualified management
 research
 and marketing personnel.&nbsp;&nbsp;The loss of key executives or&nbsp;the failure to hire
qualified replacement personnel would compromise EBC&rsquo;s ability to generate revenues or&nbsp;otherwise have a material adverse
effect on EBC.&nbsp;&nbsp;There can be no assurance that EBC will be able&nbsp;to successfully attract and retain skilled and experienced
personnel but every effort will be made to do so.



    
    



We have limited experience in complying
with public company reporting and other obligations. Taking steps to comply with these requirements will increase our costs and
require additional management resources
 and does not ensure that we will be able to satisfy them.


public company
 we will be required to comply with applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 as well as other federal
securities laws
 and rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC and the various exchanges and trading facilities where our common
stock may trade
 which will result in significant initial and continuing legal
 accounting
 administrative and other costs and
expenses. These rules and requirements impose certain corporate governance requirements relating to director independence
 distributing
annual and interim reports
 stockholder meetings
 approvals and voting
 soliciting proxies
 conflicts of interest
 and&nbsp;&nbsp;codes
of conduct
 depending on where our shares trade. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of
time to ensure that we comply with all applicable requirements.

As we review our internal controls
and procedures
 we may determine that they are ineffective or have material weaknesses
 which could impact the market&rsquo;s acceptance
of our filings and financial statements.


a review of our internal control over financial reporting for the purpose of providing the reports required by these rules. During
the course of our review and testing
 we may identify deficiencies and be unable to remediate them before we must provide the
required reports. Furthermore
 if we have a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting
 we may not detect
errors on a timely basis and our financial statements may be materially misstated. We or our independent registered public accounting
firm may not be able to conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting
 which could
harm our operating results
 cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and cause the trading price
of our stock to fall. In addition
 as a public company we are required to file in a timely manner accurate quarterly and annual
reports with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)
 as amended.&nbsp;&nbsp;Any failure
to report our financial results on an accurate and timely basis could result in sanctions
 lawsuits
 delisting of our shares from
the market or trading facility where our shares may trade
 or other adverse consequences that would materially harm our business.&nbsp;

EBC has limited
management resources
 and will be dependent on key executives. The loss of the services of the current officers and directors could
severely impact EBC&rsquo;s business operations and future development.


a small number of key individuals to implement its business and operations and
 in particular
 the professional expertise and services

 our President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Secretary
and Chairman of the Board of Directors
 and Evan Rapport

EBC may not have sufficient managerial resources to successfully manage the increased business activity envisioned by its business
strategy.&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition
 EBC's future success depends in large part on the continued service of Mr. Michael Rapport and
Mr. Evan Rapport.&nbsp;&nbsp;EBC has not entered into an employment agreement with Michael Rapport
 and has an employment agreement
with Evan Rapport that runs for three years. If either of these persons chooses not to serve as officers or if they are unable
to perform their duties
 this could have an adverse effect on Company business operations
 financial condition and operating results
if it is unable to replace them with other individuals qualified to develop and market its business.&nbsp;&nbsp;

Our success in business and operations
will depend on general economic conditions.


 to a large
extent
 on certain economic factors that are beyond its control.&nbsp;&nbsp;Factors such as general economic conditions
 levels
of unemployment
 interest rates
 tax rates at all levels of government
 competition and other factors beyond EBC&rsquo;s control
may have an adverse effect on EBC&rsquo;s ability to sell any product that it might have and to collect sums due and owing to it.



    
    



Risks Related
to Our Common Stock 


Sales of our
common stock under Rule 144 could reduce the price of our stock.


common shares are currently eligible for resale under Rule 144. In general
 persons holding restricted securities in a publicly
reporting company that is providing current public information meeting the requirements of Rule 144
 including affiliates
 must
hold their shares for a period of at least six months.&nbsp;&nbsp;Because EBC was previously a &ldquo;shell company&rdquo; as defined
in the rules of the SEC
 Rule 144 is unavailable until one year from the date on which EBC filed &ldquo;Form 10 information&rdquo;
with the SEC. Additionally
 affiliates of EBC may not sell more than one percent of the total issued and outstanding shares in
any 90-day period and must resell the shares in an unsolicited brokerage transaction at the market price. If substantial amounts
of our common stock become available for resale under Rule 144 once a market has developed for our common stock
 the then-prevailing
market prices for our common stock may be reduced.

We may
 in the
future
 issue additional securities
 which would reduce our stockholders&rsquo; percent of ownership and may dilute our share value.


Incorporation authorizes us to issue 100
000
000 shares of common stock. As of the year ending December 31
 2014
 EBC had 436
000
shares of common stock outstanding. Accordingly
 we may issue up to an additional 99
564
000 shares of common stock. The future
issuance of common stock may result in additional dilution in the percentage of our common stock held by our then existing stockholders.
We may value any common stock issued in the future on an arbitrary basis including for services or acquisitions or other corporate
actions that may have the effect of diluting the value of the shares held by our stockholders
 and might have an adverse effect
on any trading market for our common stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;Additionally
 our board of directors may designate the rights terms and
preferences of one or more series of preferred stock at its discretion including conversion and voting preferences without prior
notice to our stockholders.&nbsp;&nbsp;Any of these events could have a dilutive effect on the ownership of our shareholders
 and
the value of shares owned.

Raising additional
capital may cause dilution to our existing stockholders.


capital through a combination of private and public equity offerings
 debt financings
 collaborations
 and strategic and licensing
arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of common stock or securities convertible or exchangeable
into common stock
 your ownership interest in EBC will be diluted.

Raising additional
capital may restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights.


capital through a combination of private and public equity offerings
 debt financings
 collaborations
 and strategic and licensing
arrangements.&nbsp;&nbsp;To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of common stock or securities convertible
or exchangeable into common stock
 the terms of any such securities may include liquidation or other preferences that materially
adversely affect your rights as a stockholder.&nbsp;&nbsp;Debt financing
 if available
 would increase our fixed payment obligations
and may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions
 such as incurring
additional debt
 making capital expenditures or declaring dividends.&nbsp;&nbsp;If we raise additional funds through collaboration
strategic partnerships and licensing arrangements with third parties
 we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our intellectual
property
 future revenue streams or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us.

Market volatility
may affect our stock price and the value of your shares.


our common stock is established
 the market price for our common stock is likely to be volatile
 in part because our common stock
has not been previously traded publicly. In addition
 the market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response
to a number of factors
 most of which we cannot control
 including
 among others:



    

 brands
 commercial relationships
 acquisitions or other events by us or our competitors;&nbsp;

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




    
    





    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    

 including sales by our executive officers
 directors and significant stockholders;&nbsp;

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



for our common stock may not develop or be sustained. We will work to negotiate and determine the initial public sale price with
our market makers
 but this price may not be indicative of prices that will prevail in the trading market.

If securities
or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports or publish misleading
 inaccurate or unfavorable research
about us
 our business or our market
 our stock price and trading volume could decline.


for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that securities or industry analysts may publish about us
our business
 our market or our competitors. We do not currently have and may never obtain research coverage by securities and
industry analysts. If no or few securities or industry analysts cover our company
 the trading price and volume of our stock would
likely be negatively impacted. If we obtain securities or industry analyst coverage and if one or more of the analysts who covers
us downgrades our stock or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business
 or provides more favorable relative
recommendations about our competitors
 our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of
us or fails to publish reports on us regularly
 demand for our stock could decrease
 which could cause our stock price or trading
volume to decline.

Future sales
of our common stock may cause our stock price to decline.


number of shares of our common stock in the public market or the perception that these sales might occur could significantly reduce
the market price of our common stock and impair our ability to raise adequate capital through the sale of additional equity securities.

We will be subject
to penny stock regulations and restrictions
 and you may have difficulty selling shares of our common stock.


regulations which generally define so-called &ldquo;penny stocks&rdquo; to be an equity security that has a market price less than
$5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share
 subject to certain exemptions. We anticipate that our common
stock will become a &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo;
 and we will become subject to Rule 15g-9 under the Exchange Act
 or the &ldquo;Penny
Stock Rule&rdquo;. This rule imposes additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that sell such securities to persons
other than established customers. For transactions covered by Rule 15g-9
 a broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination
for the purchaser and have received the purchaser&rsquo;s written consent to the transaction prior to sale. As a result
 this rule
may affect the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities and may affect the ability of purchasers to sell any of our securities
in the secondary market.



    
    




involving a penny stock
 unless exempt
 the rules require delivery
 prior to any transaction in a penny stock
 of a disclosure
schedule prepared by the SEC relating to the penny stock market. Disclosure is also required to be made about sales commissions
payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities. Finally
 monthly
statements are required to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information
on the limited market in penny stock.


that our common stock will qualify for exemption from the Penny Stock Rule. In any event
 even if our common stock were exempt
from the Penny Stock Rule
 we would remain subject to Section 15(b)(6) of the Exchange Act
 which gives the SEC the authority to
restrict any person from participating in a distribution of penny stock
 if the SEC finds that such a restriction would be in the
public interest.

Our compliance
with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and SEC rules concerning internal controls may be time consuming
 difficult and costly.


officers do not have experience being an officer of a public company.&nbsp;&nbsp; It may be time consuming
 difficult and costly
for us to develop and implement the internal controls and reporting procedures required by Sarbanes-Oxley.&nbsp;&nbsp;We may need
to hire additional financial reporting
 internal controls and other finance staff in order to develop and implement appropriate
internal controls and reporting procedures.&nbsp;&nbsp;If we are unable to comply with Sarbanes-Oxley&rsquo;s internal controls
requirements
 we may not be able to obtain the independent accountant certifications that Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires publicly-traded
companies to obtain.

We cannot assure
you that the common stock will become liquid or that it will be listed on a securities exchange.


that we will be able to meet the initial listing standards of any stock exchange
 or that we will be able to maintain any such
listing. Until the common stock is listed on an exchange
 we expect that it would be eligible to be quoted on the OTC Bulletin
Board or the OTC Markets
 another over-the-counter quotation system
 or in the &ldquo;pink sheets.&rdquo; In those venues
 however
an investor may find it difficult to obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of the common stock. In addition
 if we
failed to meet the criteria set forth in SEC regulations
 various requirements would be imposed by law on broker-dealers who sell
our securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors. Consequently
 such regulations may deter broker-dealers
from recommending or selling the common stock
 which may further affect its liquidity. This would also make it more difficult for
us to raise additional capital.

Due to the lack
of a trading market for our securities
 you may have difficulty selling any shares you purchase
 which could result in the loss
of your investment.


no demand for our common stock and no public market exists for the shares being offered in this prospectus.&nbsp;&nbsp;We plan
to contact a market maker immediately following the effectiveness of this Registration Statement to file an application to have
our shares quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board (OTCBB) or the OTC Markets. However
 there is no guarantee that a trading market will
ever develop.&nbsp;&nbsp;The OTCBB and the OTC Markets are regulated quotation services that display real-time quotes
 last sale
prices and volume information in over-the-counter (OTC) securities.&nbsp;&nbsp;The services are not an issuer listing service
market or exchange. Although the OTCBB does not have any listing requirements per se
 to be eligible for quotation on the OTCBB
issuers must remain current in their filings with the SEC or applicable regulatory authority. Market Makers are not permitted to
begin quotation of a security whose issuer does not meet this filing requirement. Securities already quoted on the OTCBB that become
delinquent in their required filings will be removed following a 30 or 60 day grace period if they do not make their required filing
during that time. EBC cannot guarantee that our application will be accepted or approved or that its stock will be quoted for sale.&nbsp;&nbsp;As
of the date of this filing
 there have been no discussions or understandings between EBC or anyone acting on its behalf with any
market maker regarding participation in a future trading market for its securities.&nbsp;&nbsp;If no market is ever developed for
our common stock
 it will be difficult or impossible for you to sell any shares you purchase in this offering.&nbsp;&nbsp;In such
case
 you may find that you are unable to achieve any benefit from your investment or liquidate your shares without considerable
delay
 if at all.&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition
 if EBC fails to have its common stock quoted on a public trading market
 your common
stock will not have a quantifiable value and it may be difficult
 if not impossible
 to ever resell your shares
 resulting in an
inability to realize any value from your investment.



    
    



EBC may issue
Preferred Stock with voting and conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power of the holders of Common Stock.


has no intention to do so without stockholder approval
 which may be obtained solely through the votes of its management and board
of directors
 the Board may issue Preferred Stock with voting and conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power
of the holders of Common Stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;Any such provision may be deemed to have a potential anti-takeover effect
 and the issuance
of Preferred Stock in accordance with such provision may delay or prevent a change of control of EBC.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Board of Directors
also may declare a dividend on any outstanding shares of Preferred Stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;All outstanding shares of Preferred Stock
are fully paid and non-assessable.

We may never
pay dividends to shareholders
 which could reduce the monetary gain you may realize on your investment


or paid any cash dividends or distributions on our capital stock.&nbsp; We currently intend to retain our future earnings
 if any
to support operations and to finance expansion and therefore we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock
in the foreseeable future.


 payment
and amount of any future dividends will be made at the discretion of the board of directors
 and will depend upon
 among other
things
 the results of our operations
 cash flows and financial condition
 operating and capital requirements
 and other factors
as the board of directors considers relevant.&nbsp; There is no assurance that future dividends will be paid
 and
 if dividends
are paid
 there is no assurance with respect to the amount of any such dividend.&nbsp; If EBC does not pay dividends
 EBC&rsquo;s
common stock may be less valuable because a return on an investor&rsquo;s investment will only occur if EBC&rsquo;s stock price
appreciates.

Although we
expect to apply for quotation on the OTC bulletin board (OTCBB) or the OTC Markets
 we may not be approved
 and even if approved
we may not be approved for trading on the OTCBB or the OTC Markets; therefore shareholders who invest may not have a market to
sell their EBC shares
 either in the near term or in the long term
 or both.


no demand for our common stock and no public market exists for the Exchange Shares. We plan to contact a market maker immediately
following this proxy statement/registration statement&rsquo;s being declared effective and apply to have the shares quoted on the
Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board (&quot;OTCBB&quot;) or the OTC Markets. The OTCBB is a regulated quotation service that displays
real-time quotes
 last sale prices and volume information in over-the-counter securities. The OTCBB is not an issuer listing service
market or exchange. Although the OTCBB does not have any listing requirements per se
 to be eligible for quotation on the OTCBB
issuers must remain current in their filings with the SEC or applicable regulatory authority. Market makers are not permitted to
begin quotation of a security whose issuer does not meet this filing requirement. Securities already quoted on the OTCBB that become
delinquent in their required filings will be removed following a 30 to 60 day grace period if they do not make their required filing
during that time. We cannot guarantee that our application will be accepted or approved and our stock listed and quoted for sale.
If our application is rejected
 our stock may then be traded on the &quot;Pink Sheets
&quot; and the market for resale of our shares
would decrease dramatically
 if not be eliminated. As of the date of this filing
 there have been no discussions or understandings
between EBC and anyone acting on our behalf
 with any market maker regarding participation in a future trading market for our securities.
If no market is ever developed for our common stock
 it will be difficult for you to sell any shares you purchase in this offering.
In such a case
 you may find that you are unable to achieve any benefit from your investment or liquidate your shares without considerable
delay
 if at all. In addition
 if we fail to have our common stock quoted on a public trading market
 your common stock will not
have a quantifiable value and it may be difficult
 if not impossible
 to ever resell your shares
 resulting in an inability to
realize any value from your investment.

ITEM 1B.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;UNRESOLVED
STAFF COMMENTS.





    
    








at 3815 S. Main Street
 Santa Ana
 CA 92707 that is occupied by Bayhawk. Bayhawk rents office and warehouse space at 3815 S. Main
Street
 Santa Ana
 CA 92707(2
000 square feet) and it rents space for its mill at 3859 S. Main Street
 Santa Ana
 CA 92707 (1
500
square feet). The combined rent for the office and warehouse space along with the mill is $3
944 a month
 based on an annual lease
that renews in August. Management believes that the office space that it has is adequate for now.

ITEM 3.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS.



ITEM 4.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;MINE
SAFETY DISCLOSURES.








ITEM
5.
MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND
    ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.&nbsp;



 was incorporated
under the laws of the State of Delaware on June 18
 2013
 as ALPINE 3 Inc. On July 3
 2013
 EBC filed a Registration Statement
on Form 10 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) to become a public company.


 who was
the initial stockholder and the initial sole officer and director. On April 19
 2014
 the Board of Director appointed Mr. Michael
J. Rapport and Mr. Evan Rapport to the Board of Directors.


 2014
 Mr. Chiang entered into
a Share Purchase Agreement pursuant to which he sold an aggregate of 10
000
000 shares of EBC&rsquo;s common stock to The Michael
J. Rapport Trust (the &ldquo;Trust&rdquo;) for a purchase price of $40
000. Pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement
 The Trust
became the sole shareholder of EBC
 owning 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of EBC&rsquo;s common stock.


the closing of the Share Purchase Agreement transaction
 Mr. Chiang tendered his resignation as EBC&rsquo;s President
 Chief Executive
Officer
 Chief Financial Officer
 Secretary and Chairman of the Board of Directors. Michael J. Rapport
 acting as a member of
the Registrant&rsquo;s Board of Directors
 accepted Mr. Chiang&rsquo;s resignation. The resignations were in connection with the
consummation of the Share Purchase Agreement with the Trust
 and were not the result of any disagreement with EBC on any matter
relating to EBC&rsquo;s operations
 policies
 or practices. Following Mr. Chiang&rsquo;s resignations
 Michael Rapport appointed
himself as President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer
 Secretary and Chairman of the Board of Directors of EBC.
Michael Rapport also appointed Evan Rapport as to serve as EBC's Vice President. Biographical Information for Michael J. Rapport
and for Evan Rapport is included below. Michael Rapport is the father of Evan Rapport.




any public trading market at the present time.



    
    






consists of 100
000
000 shares of common stock
 par value $0.0001 per share
 and 5
000
000 shares of preferred stock
 $0.0001 par
value per share.&nbsp;&nbsp;As of December 31
 2014
 an aggregate of 436
000 shares of our common stock were issued and outstanding
and 0 shares of our preferred stock is outstanding.&nbsp;&nbsp;

Each outstanding
share of common stock entitles the holder thereof to one vote per share on all matters. Stockholders do not have preemptive
rights to purchase shares in any future issuance of our common stock. Upon our liquidation
 dissolution or winding up
 and
after payment of creditors and preferred stockholders
 if any
 our assets will be divided pro-rata on a share-for-share basis
among the holders of the shares of common stock.


of our common stock are entitled to dividends out of funds legally available when and as declared by our board of directors. Our
board of directors has never declared a cash dividend and does not anticipate declaring any dividend in the foreseeable future.
In the event of our liquidation
 dissolution or winding up
 holders of our common stock are entitled to receive
 ratably
 the net
assets available to stockholders after payment of all creditors and preferred stockholders.

. Our Articles of Incorporation
also provide that we are authorized to issue up to 5
000
000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of $.0001 per share. As
of the date of this report
 there are 0 shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. Our Board of Directors has the authority
without further action by the shareholders
 to issue from time to time the preferred stock in one or more series for such consideration
and with such relative rights
 privileges
 preferences and restrictions that the Board may determine. The preferences
 powers
rights and restrictions of different series of preferred stock may differ with respect to dividend rates
 amounts payable on liquidation
voting rights
 conversion rights
 redemption provisions
 sinking fund provisions and purchase funds and other matters. The issuance
of preferred stock could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of common stock.




 2015
 there is 7 registered holder
otherwise entitled to hold our common shares.




the transfer agent and registrar for our common stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;Its address is 2469 E. Fort Union Blvd
 Suite 214
 Salt Lake
City
 UT 84121.&nbsp;&nbsp;Its phone number is&nbsp;(801) 274-1088.




that restrict us from declaring dividends. The Delaware General Corporate Laws
 however
 do prohibit us from declaring dividends
where
 after giving effect to the distribution of the dividend:



    
    




    

 plus the amount that would be needed to satisfy the rights of shareholders who have preferential rights superior to those receiving the distribution.



since our inception
 and our Board of Directors currently intends to retain all earnings for use in the business for the foreseeable
future.&nbsp;&nbsp;Any future payment of dividends to holders of common stock will depend upon our results of operations
 financial
condition
 cash requirements
 and other factors deemed relevant by our Board of Directors.

Securities Authorized for Issuance under
Equity Compensation Plans


where each of the board members will receive 1
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock annually for their services.&nbsp;


    
    






The only activity in the unregistered securities was on October 9
 2014 the &ldquo;Trust&rdquo; agreed to the cancellation of 9
600
000
of the shares of common stock that it had acquired and retained 400
000 shares of common stock. The board also awarded 6
000 shares
of common stock to its members for services and also awarded 30
000 shares of common stock to Tech Associates
 Inc. (a company
owned by Richard Chaing) for services rendered pursuant to a consulting agreement. The Company&rsquo;s total shares of common stock
outstanding as of December 31
 2014 are 436
000.


 the
securities were issued pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 (the &ldquo;Securities Act&rdquo;) and
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.&nbsp;&nbsp;None of the transactions involved a public offering.

Purchases of Equity Securities by the
Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers



ITEM 6.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;SELECTED
FINANCIAL DATA.



ITEM 7. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.

There are statements in this 10K report
that are not historical facts. These &ldquo;forward-looking statements&rdquo; can be identified by use of terminology such as &ldquo;believe
&rdquo;
&ldquo;hope
&rdquo; &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo;
&ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;positioned
&rdquo; &ldquo;strategy&rdquo;
and similar expressions. You should be aware that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that
are beyond our control. For a discussion of these risks
 you should read this entire proxy statement/registration statement carefully
especially the risks discussed under &ldquo;Risk Factors.&rdquo; Although management believes that the assumptions underlying the
forward looking statements included in this proxy statement/registration statement are reasonable
 they do not guarantee our future
performance
 and actual results could differ from those contemplated by these forward looking statements. The assumptions used
for purposes of the forward-looking statements specified in the following information represent estimates of future events and
are subject to uncertainty as to possible changes in economic
 legislative
 industry
 and other circumstances. As a result
 the
identification and interpretation of data and other information and their use in developing and selecting assumptions from and
among reasonable alternatives require the exercise of judgment. To the extent that the assumed events do not occur
 the outcome
may vary substantially from anticipated or projected results
 and
 accordingly
 no opinion is expressed on the achievability of
those forward-looking statements. In the light of these risks and uncertainties
 there can be no assurance that the results and
events contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this proxy statement/registration statement will in fact transpire.
You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which speak only as of their dates. We expressly
disclaim any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. The following discussion and analysis of the results
of operations and financial condition of Evans Brewing Company
 Inc (Formerly ALPINE 3
 Inc.) should be read in conjunction with
the Selected Combined Financial Data
 Evan Brewing Company&rsquo;s financial statements
 and the notes to those financial statements
that are included elsewhere in this Form 10-K.






was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on June 18
 2013
 as ALPINE 3
Inc. On July 3
 2013
 EBC filed a Registration
Statement on Form 10 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) to become a public company.



    
    




 who was
the initial stockholder and the initial sole officer and director. On April 19
 2014
 the Board of Director appointed Mr. Michael
J. Rapport and Mr. Evan Rapport to the Board of Directors.


 Mr. Chiang entered into a
Share Purchase Agreement pursuant to which he sold an aggregate of 10
000
000 shares of EBC&rsquo;s common stock to The Michael
J. Rapport Trust (the &ldquo;Trust&rdquo;) for a purchase price of $40
000. Pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement
 The Trust
became the sole shareholder of EBC
 owning 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of EBC&rsquo;s common stock.


Purchase Agreement transaction
 Mr. Chiang tendered his resignation as EBC&rsquo;s President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial
Officer
 Secretary and Chairman of the Board of Directors. Michael J. Rapport
 acting as a member of the Registrant&rsquo;s Board
of Directors
 accepted Mr. Chiang&rsquo;s resignation. The resignations were in connection with the consummation of the Share
Purchase Agreement with the Trust
 and were not the result of any disagreement with EBC on any matter relating to EBC&rsquo;s
operations
 policies
 or practices. Following Mr. Chiang&rsquo;s resignations
 Michael Rapport appointed himself as President
Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer
 Secretary and Chairman of the Board of Directors of EBC. Michael Rapport also
appointed Evan Rapport as to serve as EBC's Vice President. Biographical Information for Michael J. Rapport and for Evan Rapport
is included below. Michael Rapport is the father of Evan Rapport.


management of Bayhawk
 EBC and Bayhawk determined to enter into the Asset Purchase and Share Exchange Agreement (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;)
subject to the approval by the stockholders of Bayhawk
 as discussed herein. Pursuant to the Agreement
 EBC will acquire the assets
and operations of Bayhawk
 including the assets and operations of Evans Brewing California.

Results of Operations for the twelve months
ended December 31
 2014 and the period from June 18
 2013 (Inception) to December 31
 2013.





    

    months 
ended 
December 31
 2014
    
    inception 
June 18
 2013) 
to December 31
 
2013

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
78
952
1
833

    
(1
579
    

    
(80
531
(1
833





 2014 and
the period from June 18
 2013 (Inception) to December 31
 2013
 we did not have sales. We can make no assurances that we will
find commercial success in any of our products.




 administrative are largely attributable
to transfer agent
 legal
 accounting and audit fees related to our reporting requirements as a public company.



    
    




31
 2014 were $78
952 and the operating expenses for the period from June 18
 2013 (Inception) to December 31
 2013 was $1
833.
This Operating expense total is comprised mostly of Professional services of $72
885 for the year ended December 31
 2014 and $0
for the period from June 18
 2013 (Inception) to December 31
 2013. There was also Stock based compensation expense of $3
600 for
the year ended December 31
 2014 which compares to $0 paid in the period from June 18
 2013 (Inception) to December 31
 2013. Other
General and administrative expense amounted to $2
467 for the year ended December 31
 2014 compared to $1
833 for General and administrative
expense for the period from June 18
 2013 (Inception) to December 31
 2013.


and a company that have been instrumental in helping establish the Company
 providing services and valuable insight into strategy
and plans.




31
 2014
 was $1
579
 and is due to a note held by a related party. The cost for interest expense for the period from June 18
2013 (Inception) to December 31
 2013 was $0.




December 31
 2014
 was $80
531 compared to a loss of $1
833 for the period from June 18
 2013 (Inception) to December 31
 2013.
The net operating loss for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2014 was made up of a loss from operations of $78
952 plus interest
expense of $1
579. The loss of $1
833 for the year ended December 31
 2013 was for general and administrative expense.&nbsp;






    



    
48
215

    
23
929

    
24
286





    
    
twelve 
months 
ended
 2014

 2013) to
 2013

    
(86
768
    

    
    
    

    
120
550
    

    
33
782
    





31
 2014
 was the main contributing factor for our negative operating cash flow. An increase in prepaid expense also contributed
to the negative operating cash flow.




 2014
 we have insufficient
cash to operate our business at the current level for the next twelve months and insufficient cash to achieve our business goals.
The success of our business plan beyond the next 12 months is contingent upon us obtaining additional financing. We intend to fund
operations through debt and/or equity financing arrangements
 which may be insufficient to fund our capital expenditures
 working
capital
 or other cash requirements. We do not have any formal commitments or arrangements for the sales of stock or the advancement
or loan of funds at this time. There can be no assurance that such additional financing will be available to us on acceptable terms
or at all.



    
    






between the Company and any other entity that have
 or are reasonably likely to have
 a current or future effect on the financial
condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital
resources that is material to stockholders.




have been prepared on a going concern basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in
the normal course of business. As of December 31
 2014
 the Company has an accumulated deficit of $83
364. The Company requires
capital for its contemplated operational and marketing activities. The Company&rsquo;s ability to raise additional capital through
the future issuances of common stock is unknown. The obtainment of additional financing
 the successful development of the Company&rsquo;s
contemplated plan of operations
 and its transition
 ultimately
 to the attainment of profitable operations are necessary for the
Company to continue operations. The ability to successfully resolve these factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s
ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements of the Company do not include any adjustments that may result
from the outcome of these aforementioned uncertainties.




increases on development costs in the short-term
 with the expectation that it will be able to pass inflationary increases on costs
on to customers through price increases on the release of these new/enhanced products into the market and hence management does
not expect inflation to be a significant factor in our business.




condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements
 which have been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates
and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses
 and related disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis
 we evaluate our estimates based on historical experience and on various other assumptions
that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances
 the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the
carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these
estimates under different assumptions or conditions.


these policies on a consistent basis enables us to provide useful and reliable financial information about our operating results
and financial condition.&nbsp;&nbsp;Some of the critical accounting estimates are detailed below.

Critical Accounting Estimates and New
Accounting Pronouncements




accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect reported amounts and related disclosures in the financial statements.&nbsp;&nbsp;Management considers an accounting estimate
to be critical if:



    

 and




    
    




    
    




on our experience
 our current knowledge
 and our beliefs of what could occur in the future
 our observation of trends in the
industry
 information provided by our customers and information available from other sources. Actual results may differ from these
estimates under different assumptions or conditions.&nbsp;&nbsp;We have identified the following accounting policies and estimates
as those that we believe are most critical to our financial condition and results of operations and that require management&rsquo;s
most subjective and complex judgments in estimating the effect of inherent uncertainties: share-based compensation expense
 income
taxes
 and derivative financial instruments.&nbsp;

The
Company plans to calculate share-based compensation expense for option awards and warrant issuances (&quot;Share-based Awards&quot;)
based on the estimated grant/issue-date fair value using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model (&quot;Black-Sholes Model&quot;)
and recognize the expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period
 net of estimated forfeitures.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Black-Scholes Model requires the use of a number of assumptions including volatility of the stock price
 the weighted average risk-free
interest rate
 and the vesting period of the Share-based Award in determining the fair value of Share-based Awards.&nbsp;&nbsp;Although
we believe our assumptions used to calculate share-based compensation expense are reasonable
 these assumptions can involve complex
judgments about future events
 which are open to interpretation and inherent uncertainty.&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition
 significant changes
to our assumptions could significantly impact the amount of expense recorded in a given period.

As part of
the process of preparing our financial statements
 the Company will be required to estimate income taxes in each of the jurisdictions
in which we operate. Our provision for income taxes is determined using the asset and liability approach to account for income
taxes. A current liability is recorded for the estimated taxes payable for the current year. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are recorded for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts
of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the enacted
tax rates in effect for the year in which the timing differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred
tax assets and liabilities of changes in tax rates or tax laws are recognized in the provision for income taxes in the period that
includes the enactment date.&nbsp;&nbsp;Valuation allowances are established
 when necessary
 to reduce deferred tax assets to
the amount more-likely-than-not to be realized.&nbsp;&nbsp;Changes in valuation allowances will flow through the statement of operations
unless related to deferred tax assets that expire unutilized or are modified through translation
 in which case both the deferred
tax asset and related valuation allowance are similarly adjusted. Where a valuation allowance was established through purchase
accounting for acquired deferred tax assets
 any future change will be credited or charged to income tax expense.


taxes requires significant judgment
 the use of estimates
 and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws.&nbsp;&nbsp;In
the ordinary course of our business
 there are transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain.&nbsp;&nbsp;In
spite of our belief that we have appropriate support for all the positions taken on our tax returns
 we acknowledge that certain
positions may be successfully challenged by the taxing authorities.&nbsp;&nbsp;We determine the tax benefits more likely than not
to be recognized with respect to uncertain tax positions.&nbsp;&nbsp;Although we believe our recorded tax assets and liabilities
are reasonable
 tax laws and regulations are subject to interpretation and inherent uncertainty; therefore
 our assessments can
involve both a series of complex judgments about future events and rely on estimates and assumptions.&nbsp;&nbsp;Although we believe
these estimates and assumptions are reasonable
 the final determination could be materially different than that which is reflected
in our provision for income taxes and recorded tax assets and liabilities.



In
June 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-10
 Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements.
ASU 2014-10 eliminates the distinction of a development stage entity and certain related disclosure requirements
 including the
elimination of inception-to-date information on the statements of operations
 cash flows and stockholders' equity. The amendments
in ASU 2014-10 will be effective prospectively for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014
 and interim periods
within those annual periods
 however early adoption is permitted. The Company adopted ASU 2014-10 during the quarter ended December
31
 2014
 thereby no longer presenting or disclosing any information required by Topic 915.


a material effect on the accompanying financial statements had any other recently issued but not yet effective accounting standards
been adopted in the current period.



    
    








 Richard Chiang
 the founder and sole officer and
director of the Company entered into a Share Purchase Agreement pursuant to which he sold 10
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock to The Michael J. Rapport Trust (the &ldquo;Trust&rdquo;) for a purchase price of $40
000. Pursuant to the Share Purchase
Agreement
 the Trust became the sole shareholder of the Company
 owning 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock. On October 9
 2014
 the Trust agreed to the cancellation of 9
600
000 of the shares
 and retained 400
000 shares.




 2014
 immediately prior to the closing
of the Share Purchase Agreement transaction
 Mr. Chiang
 acting as the sole shareholder of the Company
 elected and appointed Michael
J. Rapport and Evan Rapport to the Board of Directors of the Company. Immediately following the closing of the Share Purchase Agreement
transaction
 Mr. Chiang tendered his resignation as the Company&rsquo;s President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer
Secretary and Chairman of the Board of Directors. Michael J. Rapport
 acting as a member of the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors
accepted Mr. Chiang&rsquo;s resignation. The resignations were in connection with the consummation of the Share Purchase Agreement
with the Trust
 and were not the result of any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Company&rsquo;s operations
policies or practices.


Michael Rapport appointed himself as President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer
 Secretary and Chairman of the
Board of Directors of the Company. Michael Rapport also elected Evan Rapport
 his son
 as to serve as the Company&rsquo;s Vice
President.




 2014
 the Shareholders (the &ldquo;Shareholders&rdquo;)
of the Company elected Richard Chiang
 Mark Lamb
 Roy Roberson
 and Joe Ryan to serve as members of the Board
 effective immediately.
Members of the board are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



 all directors will
be granted a restricted stock award covering 1
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock which will be vested over a period
of one year.


 2014 Richard Chaing
resigned from the board of directors.




 2014
 the Board of Director and the Trust
 acting as
the sole stockholder of the Company
 approved an amendment to the Company&rsquo;s Certificate of Incorporation to change the name
of the Company from ALPINE 3 Inc. to Evans Brewing Company Inc. On that date
 the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment (the
&ldquo;Amendment&rdquo;) with the State of Delaware.



    
    






 2014
 the Company had no
material off-balance sheet arrangements.


 we enter
into agreements with third parties that include indemnification provisions which
 in our judgment
 are normal and customary for
companies in our industry sector.&nbsp;&nbsp;These agreements are typically with business partners
 and suppliers.&nbsp;&nbsp;Pursuant
to these agreements
 we generally agree to indemnify
 hold harmless
 and reimburse indemnified parties for losses suffered or incurred
by the indemnified parties with respect to our product candidates
 use of such product candidates
 or other actions taken or omitted
by us. The maximum potential amount of future payments we could be required to make under these indemnification provisions is unlimited.&nbsp;&nbsp;We
have not incurred material costs to defend lawsuits or settle claims related to these indemnification provisions.&nbsp;&nbsp;As
a result
 the estimated fair value of liabilities relating to these provisions is minimal.&nbsp;&nbsp;Accordingly
 we have no liabilities
recorded for these provisions as of December 31
 2014 or December 31
 2013.


 we may be
confronted with issues or events that may result in a contingent liability.&nbsp;&nbsp;These generally relate to lawsuits
 claims
environmental actions or the actions of various regulatory agencies. We consult with counsel and other appropriate experts to assess
the claim.&nbsp;&nbsp;If
 in our opinion
 we have incurred a probable loss as set forth by accounting principles generally accepted
in the U.S.
 an estimate is made of the loss and the appropriate accounting entries are reflected in our financial statements.




the Company&rsquo;s business and operations have not been materially affected by inflation.&nbsp;

ITEM 7A.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.


as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act
 and as such
 is not required to provide the information required under this item.

ITEM 7A.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK



ITEM 8.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA


are set forth beginning on page F-1 of this Report.

ITEM 9.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

(a)
Dismissal of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.


 2015
Company&rsquo;s the board of directors (the &quot;Board&quot;) dismissed Kenne Ruan
 CPA
 P.C. (&ldquo;KR&rdquo;) as the independent
registered public accounting firm for the Company effective immediately.


paragraph included in the audit report of KR for the Company's fiscal year ended December 31
 2013
 relating to the uncertainty
of the Company's ability to continue as a going concern
 the audit report of KR on the Company's financial statements for the fiscal
year ended December 31
 2013
 and through January 21
 2015
 did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion
 nor
was it qualified or modified as to uncertainty
 audit scope or accounting principles.



    
    




During
the Company's 2013 and 2014 fiscal year and through the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K
 (1) there were no disagreements
with KR on any matter of accounting principles or practices
 financial statement disclosure
 or auditing scope or procedure
 which
if not resolved to the satisfaction of KR
 would have caused KR to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreements in
connection with their report
 and (2) there were no &ldquo;reportable events&rdquo; as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v)
of Regulation S-K.

(b)
Engagement of New Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.

On
January 21
 2015
 upon approval of the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors
 the Company engaged Anton &amp; Chia
 LLP (&ldquo;A&amp;C&rdquo;)
as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm to audit the Company&rsquo;s financial statements and to perform
reviews of interim financial statements. During the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013
 through January 21
 2015
 neither the
Company nor anyone acting on its behalf consulted with A&amp;C regarding (i) either the application of any accounting principles
to a specific completed or contemplated transaction of the Company
 or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered by A&amp;C
on the Company's financial statements; or (ii) any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement with KR or a reportable
event with respect to KR; (iii) the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements
and none of the following was provided to the Company: (a) a written report
 or (b) oral advice that A&amp;C concluded was an
important factor considered by the Company in reaching a decision as to accounting
 auditing or financial reporting issue; or
(iv) Any matter that was the subject of a disagreement
 as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K.

ITEM
9A.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES



Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer
 we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures
 as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated
under the Exchange Act
 as of December 31
 2014.&nbsp;&nbsp;Based on this evaluation
 our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this Report
 our disclosure controls and procedures are
effective and were designed to provide reasonable assurance that&nbsp;information required to be included in our reports filed
or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported as specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and
forms.



During
the most recent fiscal year
 there has not occurred any change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially
affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting. Our process for evaluating
controls and procedures is continuous and encompasses constant improvement of the design and effectiveness of established controls
and procedures and the remediation of any deficiencies which may be identified during this process.

3.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Management&rsquo;s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule
13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that:



    
pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets;

    
    

    
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary
to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    

    
provide reasonable assurance that our receipts and expenditures are being
made only in accordance with authorization of our management and directors; and

    
    




    
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements.




    
    



Under the
supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer
we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on&nbsp;&nbsp;the framework
in &quot;Internal Control&mdash;Integrated Framework&quot; (1992) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission.

Based on
this evaluation
 our management determined that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective and designed to provide reasonable
assurance that&nbsp;information required to be included in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded
processed
 summarized
 and reported as specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms.



Our
disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives.&nbsp;&nbsp;Nevertheless
an internal control system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that
the objectives of the control system are met. Further
 the design of a control system reflects the fact that there are resource
constraints
 and the benefits of controls are considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control
systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within
the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty
and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally
 controls can be circumvented by the individual
acts of some persons
 by collusion of two or more people
 or by management override of the internal control. The design of any
system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
 and there can be no assurance
that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time
 control may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

ITEM
9B.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;OTHER INFORMATION





PART
    III


ITEM
10.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
 AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.

Directors
Executive Officers
 Promoter and Control Persons

The
table below lists all current officers and directors of the Company.&nbsp;&nbsp;All officers serve at the discretion of the Board
of Directors. The term of office of each of our directors expire at our next Annual Meeting of Shareholders or until their successors
are duly elected and qualified.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


Subsequent
to the year ended December 31
 2014 Richard Chiang resigned from the board of directors.





    
    



background descriptions of the director and officer are as follows:

Michael
J Rapport

President/CEO and Director

Michael
Rapport currently serves as the Chairman of the Board of Bayhawk Ales Inc.
 a position he has held since 2013. He also serves
as President of Frontier Aluminum Corporation
 an aluminum extruder company
 since 1990. Additionally
 Mr. Rapport is a Managing
Partner of TresHermanos
 LLC
 and also holds a position as President of Evans Brewing Company. In 2011
 Mr. Rapport and his son
Evan Rapport started Evans Premium Lager
 which has gained international attention
 winning 15 awards for craft lagers. He received
a B.A. degree in Psychology from Antioch West University in 1979.

Evan
Rapport

Vice President and Director

Evan
Rapport currently serves as the President of Bayhawk Ales Inc.
 a position he has held since 2013. He also serves as a Managing
Partner of TresHermanos
 LLC. Additionally
 Mr. Rapport is the Vice President of Evans Brewing Company. In 2011
 Mr. Rapport and
his father
 Michael Rapport started Evans Premium Lager.

Kenneth
C. Wiedrich


Mr.
Wiedrich is a Senior level Executive with extensive hands-on experience in management
 operational accounting
 reporting for public
companies
 finance functions and in dealing with Board of Directors
 Banks
 Attorneys
 Audit firms and the SEC. 
He has been the CFO of a number of small public companies
 some of which were start-up companies
 which he helped through
the start-up phase of their operation. He also has experience with government cost accounting methods and all related government
acquisition regulations.

Richard
Chiang
 

Mr.
Chiang&nbsp;is the founder and former&nbsp;Chief Executive Officer
 Secretary
 Treasurer and Director&nbsp;of the Company. Mr.
Chiang is employed by Tech Associates
 Inc.
 a financial advisory firm engaged in assisting emerging growth companies with capital

 he was employed by Redwood Capital
Inc.
 a financial advisory firm engaged in cross borders transactions in The People&rsquo;s Republic of China
 as a Managing Director
of private equity. From January 2009 to January 2010
 Mr.&nbsp;Chiang was employed as an Associate Partner of BayPeak LLC
 a financial
advisor engaged in cross borders transactions in The People&rsquo;s Republic of China. From 2005 to 2009
 he was an independent
consultant specializing in corporate and securities consulting services for small and medium sized companies. Prior to that he
was a licensed National Association of Securities Dealers (NASD) Series 7 registered representative and held senior executive
positions at Bear
 Stearns &amp; Co.
 Inc
 Cruttenden Roth
 Inc and for Wedbush Morgan Securities
 Inc. Mr. Chiang has held several
securities licenses such as the&nbsp;Series&nbsp;7
&nbsp;Series 24
&nbsp;Series 63
&nbsp;and the NASAA Uniform Investment Advisors
Law Series&nbsp;65 license and has extensive experience in several areas within the financial services industry such as securities
trading
 mergers and acquisitions
 private wealth management
 private equity and corporate finance. Mr. Chiang graduated from
the University of California
 Berkeley
 The Haas School of Business.

Mark
Lamb
 

Mr.
Lamb is a vice president of Double Diamond Financial a firm engaged in individual and business planning
 where he has worked since
February
 2003. Prior to his employment at Double Diamond Financial
 Mr. Lamb was a registered representative with The Robert
Driver Company
 a financial services firm since October 1999. From October 1996 to October 1999
 he was an account specialist
with Liberty Mutual Group and from May 1994 to October 1996 he was an account executive with Paine Webber Inc. He began his career
in financial services in June 1988 as an investment counselor with Western Financial Planning Corporation. Mr. Lamb holds a Series
7
 Series 66
 Series 63
 and Series 6 licenses with FINRA. He also holds property
 casualty
 life
 health and disability insurance
licenses. Mr. Lamb attended San Diego State University.



    
    


Roy
Roberson
 

Mr.
Roberson P.E. is a professional engineer in the land development industry. He manages real estate development projects and has
held senior management positions at several public and private businesses that serve the land development industry. He is a post-graduate
of development
 real estate
 investment
 finance and strategic planning and management of technical professionals from the University
of California
 Irvine. He received his BS from Texas A&amp;M University
 in civic engineering
 in 1982. He became a registered
civil engineer in the State of California in 1989. Roy is also a founding member of Bayhawk Ales since 1994 through 2013. He has
extensive corporate start up experience in the Southern California region and has also accomplished many real estate projects
that include homes
 golf courses
 schools
 churches
 hospitals
 offices
 bridges
 tunnels
 habitat restoration flood control
water supply as well as for corporate companies such as Space X and Virgin Galactic.

Joe
Ryan
 

Mr.
Ryan is responsible for business development
 sales
 marketing
 and account management&nbsp;at the company he founded
 Graphic
Industries
 a print and interactive production company providing end-to-end solutions for the marketing and communications industry.
Mr. Ryan also founded&nbsp;Accomplice
 a brand packing
 logo design
 website merchandising design
 apparel
 social marketing firm
that provides expertise to clients such as Verizon Wireless
 Grand Canyon Brewing Company
 Los Angeles Dodgers
 Warner Brothers
Entertainment
 and Kawasaki. From 2000 to present
 Mr. Ryan is&nbsp;a founding&nbsp;partner and current sole&nbsp;proprietor of
The&nbsp;Academy of Fine Beers
 where he co-created and developed as well as marketed the Josef BIERBITZCH Golden Pilsner
 Wing
Man American Lager
 Birra Bella and Shenanigans Irish Lager.&nbsp;Ryan recently conceived of and developed a Brewer Series titled
Hail to Rock
 which Bayhawk Ales will produce.

There
are no arrangements or understandings between our officers and directors and any other person pursuant to which any director or
officer was or is to be selected as a director or officer
 and there are no arrangements
 plans or understandings as to whether
non-management shareholders will exercise their voting rights to continue to elect the current board of directors. There are also
no arrangements
 agreements or understandings to our knowledge between non-management shareholders that may directly or indirectly
participate in or influence the management of our affairs.

Family
Relationships

Michael
J. Rapport is the father to Evan Rapport.

Other
Directorships

Other
than as indicated within this section none of the Company's directors hold or have been nominated to hold a directorship in any
company with a class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act (the &quot;Act&quot;) or subject to the
requirements of Section 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1933 or any or any company registered as an investment company under the
Investment Company Act of 1940.

Involvement
In Certain Legal Proceedings

During
the past five years
 the Company's officers and directors have not been involved in any of the following: (1) any bankruptcy petition
filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy
or within two years prior to that time; (2) any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding
(excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (3) being subject to any order
 judgment
 or decree
 not subsequently
reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
 permanently or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending
or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business
 securities or banking activities; and (4) being found by a court
of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action)
 the Commission or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated a
federal or state securities or commodities law
 and the judgment has not been reversed
 suspended or vacated.

Committees
of the Board





    
    


Board
Meetings and Committees; Annual Meeting Attendance

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company had 3 formal board meetings and conducted other business through Written Actions.

During
the year ended December 31
 2013
 the Company 1 formal Board meetings and conducted other business through Written Actions.



The
General Corporation Law of Delaware provides that directors
 officers
 employees or agents of Delaware corporations are entitled
under certain circumstances
 to be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys' fees) and other liabilities actually and
reasonably incurred by them in connection with any suit brought against them in their capacity as a director
 officer
 employee
or agent
 if they acted in good faith and in a manner they reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of
the corporation
 and with respect to any criminal action or proceeding
 if they had no reasonable cause to believe their conduct
was unlawful. This statute provides that directors
 officers
 employees and agents may also be indemnified against expenses (including
attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by them in connection with a derivative suit brought against them in their capacity
as a director
 if they acted in good faith and in a manner they reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests
of the corporation
 except that no indemnification may be made without court approval if such person was adjudged liable to the
corporation.

Our
Certificate of Incorporation provides that we shall indemnify any and all persons whom we shall have power to indemnify to the
fullest extent permitted by the Delaware Corporate Law. Article VII of our By-Laws provides that we shall indemnify our authorized
representatives to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware Law. Our By-Laws also permit us to purchase insurance on behalf
of any such person against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any capacity
 or out of such
person's status as such
 whether or not we would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability under the foregoing
provision of the by-laws.

The
foregoing discussion of indemnification merely summarizes certain aspects of indemnification provisions and is limited by reference
to the above discussed sections of the Delaware Corporation Law.

The
Company's Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws provide that the Company may indemnify to the full extent of its power to do so
all directors
 officers
 employees
 and/or agents.&nbsp;&nbsp;Insofar as indemnification by the Company for liabilities arising
under the Securities Act may be permitted to officers and directors of the Company pursuant to the foregoing provisions or otherwise
the Company is aware that in the opinion of the Commission
 such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the
Securities Act and is
 therefore
 unenforceable.

ITEM
11.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.

Summary
Compensation Table

The
following tables lists the compensation of the Company's principal executive officers for the years ended December 31
 2014 and
2013.&nbsp;&nbsp;The following information includes the dollar value of base salaries
 bonus awards
 the number of non-qualified
Company Options granted and certain other compensation
 if any
 whether paid or deferred.&nbsp;&nbsp;





    
    


The
following tables sets forth all cash compensation paid by Evans Brewing Company
 Inc. (Formerly ALPINE 3
 Inc.)
 for the year
ended December 31
 2014 and December 31
 2013.&nbsp;&nbsp;The tables below sets forth the positions and compensations for each
officer and director of Evans Brewing
 Company
 Inc.




    
    
    
($)
    
($)
    
    
    
    
    
($)
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
($)
    
($)
    
    
    
    
    
($)
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 Vice President
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






Stock
                                         award based on the award of 1
000 shares of common stock&nbsp;



    
    


Compensation
of Directors

Directors
are permitted to receive fixed fees and other compensation for their services as directors. The Board of Directors has the authority
to fix the compensation of directors. On June 1
 2014 the board determined that members of the board will be granted a restricted
stock award covering 1
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock which will be vested over a period of one year. The 6
000
shares of restricted common shares were awarded to the six members of the board of directors (1
000 each) during the fiscal year
ended December 31
 2014 and recorded as stock based compensation in the financial statements.

Option
Grants Table

There were
no individual grants of stock options to purchase our common stock made to the executive officer named in the Summary Compensation
Table through to date.

Aggregated
Option Exercises and Fiscal Year-End Option Value Table

There were
no stock options exercised during periods ending December 31
 2014 and December 31
 2013 by the executive officer named in the
Summary Compensation Table.

Long-Term
Incentive Plan (&lsquo;LTIP&rsquo;) Awards Table

There were
no awards made to a named executive officer in the last completed fiscal year under any LTIP.

Compensation
Arrangements with Executive Management

There were
no compensation contracts for any of the executives of the Company at the end of December 31
 2014. Members of the board of directors
do have a contract to receive 1
000 shares of restricted common stock as compensation for board services.



    
SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.


Beneficial
Securities Ownership Table

As
of the date of this filing
 the following table sets forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our
Common Stock by (i) each shareholder known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent (5%) of our Common Stock
(ii) by each of our current directors and executive officers as identified herein
 and (iii) all of the Company&rsquo;s directors
and executive officers as a group. Each person has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of Common Stock
except as otherwise indicated.&nbsp;&nbsp;Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Commission and
generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities.&nbsp;&nbsp;Shares of Common Stock and non-qualified
Company Options
 Company Warrants
 and convertible securities that are currently exercisable or convertible into shares of the
Company's Common Stock within sixty (60) days of the date of this document
 are deemed to be outstanding and to be beneficially
owned by the person holding the Company Options
 Company Warrants
 or convertible securities for the purpose of computing the
percentage ownership of the person
 but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of
any other person.



    
    
Class
    
    Beneficial     Ownership
    
Class (1)

Corona
 CA 92880
    
401
000
    


San Francisco
 CA 94107
    
30
000
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




    
    
Percentage
    of ownership is based on the issued and outstanding of the Common stock shares as of December 31
 2014




    
    


Under Rule
144 promulgated under the Securities Act
 our officers
 directors and beneficial shareholders may sell up to one percent (1%)
of the total outstanding shares (or an amount of shares equal to the average weekly reported volume of trading during the four
calendar weeks preceding the sale) every three months provided that (i) current public information is available about the Company
(ii) the shares have been fully paid for at least one year
 (iii) the shares are sold in a broker&rsquo;s transaction or through
a market-maker
 and (iv) the seller files a Form 144 with the SEC.

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires directors and certain officers of the Company
 as well as persons who own more than 10% of
a registered class of the Company&rsquo;s equity securities (&quot;Reporting Persons&quot;)
 to file reports with the Commission.
The Company believes that during fiscal 2014
 all Reporting Persons timely complied with all filing requirements applicable to
them.

ITEM
13.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS.

Related
Party Transactions

Michael
Rapport
 through The Michael J. Rapport Trust
 is the majority shareholder of EBC. On October 9
 2014
 the Trust agreed to the
cancellation of 9
600
000 of the shares
 and retained 400
000 shares. However
 even following the cancellation of such shares
Mr. Rapport
 through the Trust
 will remain the only shareholder of EBC.

Michael
Rapport is the father of Evan Rapport.

Director
Independence

EBC
is not required by any outside organization (such as a stock exchange or trading facility) to have independent directors.

ITEM
14.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES.

Kenne
Ruan
 CPA
 P.C. was the Company&rsquo;s independent registered public accounting firm from inception through 2014
 and through
January 21
 2015. Set below are aggregate fees billed by Mr. Ruan for professional services rendered for the year ended December
31
 2014.

Audit
Fees

The
fees for the audit and review services billed and to be billed by Kenne Ruan CPA
 P.C. for the period from January 1
 2014
 to
December 31
 2014 were $2
100 of which $1
300 are unpaid as of December 31
 2014.

The
fees for the audit review services billed and to be billed by Anton &amp; Chia
 LLP (&ldquo;A&amp;C&rdquo;)
 for the fiscal year
ended December 31
 2013
 through January 21
 2015
 were $2
600.

Audit
Related Fees





There were
no fees billed by Kenne Ruan
 CPA
 P.C. for professional services for tax compliance
 tax advice
 and tax planning for the fiscal
year ended December 31
 2014.


    
    



PART
IV

ITEM
15.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULES

15(a)(3).
Exhibits.

EXHIBIT
INDEX 




    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate of Incorporation of Evans Brewing Company Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to EBC&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form 10
 filed July 3
 2013).

    
    
    

    
    
Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to EBC&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form 10
 filed July 3
 2013).

    
    
    





    
    
Certification of the
Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a).

    
    
    

    
    
Certification of the Chief Financial
Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a).

    
    
    

    
    
Certification of the Chief Executive
Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





15(a)(1).
Financial Statements.

The following
financial statements
 and related notes and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are filed as part of this
Annual Report:

15(a)(2).
Financial Statement Schedules.





    
    






Pursuant
to the requirements of section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Registrant has duly caused this Report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
EVANS
    BREWING COMPANY INC.

    
    
    

Dated:
    April 9
 2015
    
/s/
    Michael J. Rapport

    
    
Michael
    J. Rapport

    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chairman of the Board of Directors

    
    
    

    
    
/s/
    Kenneth C. Wiedrich

    
    
Kenneth
    C. Wiedrich

    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer


Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.




    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Chief Executive Officer
 Chairman of the Board
    
April 9
 2015

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
April 9
 2015

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
April 9
 2015

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
April 9
 2015

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
April 9
 2015

    
    
    
    
    



    
    



EVANS
BREWING COMPANY INC.






Financial
                                         Statements&nbsp;
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2014 and December 31
 2013
    
    

    
    
    

Statements of Operations for the Year Ended December 31
 2014 and for the Period from June 18
 2013 (inception) to December 31
 2013
    
    

    
    
    

Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Deficit for the Period from inception June 18
 2013 to December 31
 2014
    
    

    
    
    

Statements of Cash Flows for the Year Ended December 31
 2014 and for the Period from June 18
 2013 (Inception) to December 31
 2013
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    




REPORT OF
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board
of Directors
Evans Brewing
Company
 Inc.
2000 Main
Street
Irvine
CA 92614




of Evans Brewing Company
 Inc. (Formerly Alpine 3
 Inc.) (the &quot;Company&quot;) as of December 31
 2014
 and their related statement
of operations
 changes in stockholders' deficit and statement of cash flows for the year ended December 31
 2014. These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audit. The financial statements of the Company as of December 31
 2013
 were audited by other auditors
whose report
 dated February 7
 2014
 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.


We
conducted our audit in accordance with standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. The Company was not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures
that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe
that our audit provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In
our opinion
 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the
Company as of December 31
 2014
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended
 in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 2 to the financial statements
 the Company has had no revenues and income since inception. These conditions
 among others
raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans concerning these
matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty.

/s/Anton
&amp; Chia
 LLP
Newport
Beach
 CA
April 9
2015



    
    


EVANS
BREWING COMPANY
 INC.
(Formerly
ALPINE 3
 INC.)
BALANCE
SHEETS



    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
33
782
    

    
14
433
    

    
48
215
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
4
350
1
333

    
1
579
    

    
18
000
    

    
23
929
1
833

    
    
    

    

    
    

    
100
000
    

    
123
929
1
833

    
    
    

    
    
    


 authorized 5
000
000 shares
 series
    A
 $0.001 par value
0 issued and outstanding as of December 30
 2014 and 0 issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2013
    respectively
    
    


&nbsp; authorized 100
000
000 shares
 $0.0001 par value
436
000
    issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2014 and 10
000
000 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2013
 respectively
    
1
000

    
7
606
    

    
(83
364
(2
833

    
(75
714
(1
833

    
48
215
    


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.



    
    


EVANS
BREWING COMPANY
 INC
(Formerly
ALPINE 3
 INC.)
STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS



    
    
 December 31

    
inception
    June 18
  December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
72
885
    

    
3
600
    

    
2
467
2
833

    
78
952
2
833

    
    
    

    
(78
952
(2
833

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(1
579
    

    
(1
579
    

    
    
    

    
(80
531
(2
833

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(80
531
(2
833

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
7
379
627
10
000
000


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.



    
    


EVANS
BREWING COMPANY
 INC
(Formerly
ALPINE 3
 INC.)
STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT
For
the period from inception (June 18
 2013) to December 31
 2014



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 June 18
 2013
    
    
    
    
    

    
10
000
000
1
000
    
    
1
000

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2013 to December
    31
 2013
    
    
    
(2
833
(2
833


 December 31
2013
10
000
000
1
000
    
(2
833
(1
833

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
050
    
3
050

    
(9
600
000
    
    
    
    

    
36
000
    
3
596
    
3
600


 2014
    
    
    
(80
531
(80
531


 December 31
 2014
436
000
    
7
606
(83
364
(75
714


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.



    
    


EVANS
BREWING COMPANY
 INC
(Formerly
ALPINE 3
 INC.)
STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS



    
    
    

    
    
Ended

 2013) to

    


2014


2013

    
    
    

    
(80
531
(2
833

    
    
    

    
    
1
000

    
3
050
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(14
433
    

    
4
596
1
333

    
(83
718
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
100
000
    

    
17
500
    

    
117
500
    

    
    
    

    
33
782
    

    
    
    

    
33
782
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
600
1
000

    
3
050
    


The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these financial statements.



    
    


EVANS
BREWING COMPANY
 INC
(Formerly
ALPINE 3
 INC.)
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AS
OF DECEMBER 31
 2014 AND DECEMBER 31
 2013

NOTE
1 - ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

Evans
Brewing Company
 Inc. (formerly ALPINE 3 Inc.) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on June 18
 2013. Alpine
3 Inc. was set up to serve as a vehicle to effect an asset acquisition
 merger
 exchange of capital stock or other business combination
with a domestic or foreign business. ALPINE 3 did not undertake any effort to cause a market to develop in its securities
 either
debt or equity
 before it successfully concluded a business combination. On April 4
 2014 The Michael J. Rapport Trust purchased
10
000
000 which was all of the outstanding shares of Alpine 3
 Inc. and changed the name to Evans Brewing Company Inc. (EBC)
on May 29
 2014. On October 9
 2014 the &ldquo;Trust&rdquo; agreed to the cancellation of 9
600
000 of the shares of common stock
that it had acquired and retained 400
000 shares of common stock. Since inception
 EBC has been in the developmental stage and
has conducted virtually no business operations other than exploring the acquisition of the Bayhawk brands and related assets.

Bayhawk
and EBC entered into the Agreement on October 15
 2014
 subject to receiving approval of the Bayhawk shareholders. Assuming that
the approval of the Bayhawk shareholders is obtained
 pursuant to the Agreement
 Bayhawk will sell to EBC
 and EBC will purchase
from Bayhawk all of the assets of Bayhawk
 including but not limited to: (A) all assets
 including personal property
 intellectual
property
 inventory
 contracts
 websites
 documents
 and all other assets however delineated relating to the Bayhawk Ales label
(as defined in the Agreement and discussed in more detail below); and (B) all assets
 including personal property
 intellectual
property
 inventory
 contracts
 websites
 documents
 and all other assets however delineated relating to the Evans Brands (as
defined in the Agreement and discussed in more detail below); and(C) 100% of the stock in Evans Brewing CO (CA) which has the
brewers license at City Brewery in Lacrosse
 WI (where all of the EBC brands will be brewed) (collectively

Assets

NOTE
2 - GOING CONCERN 

The
Company's financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction
of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has an accumulated deficit of $83
364. The financial statements do
not include any adjustment relating to recoverability and classification of recorded amounts of assets and liabilities that might
be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.

The
Company's continued existence is dependent upon its ability to continue to execute its operating plan and to obtain additional
debt or equity financing. There can be no assurance the necessary debt or equity financing will be available
 or will be available
on terms acceptable to the Company.

NOTE
3 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Basis
of Presentation

This
summary of accounting policies for Evans Brewing Company
 Inc. is presented to assist in understanding the Company&rsquo;s financial
statements. The Company uses the accrual basis of accounting and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America (&quot;GAAP&quot; accounting) and have been consistently applied in the preparation of the financial statements. 


Use
of Estimates and Assumptions

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates
are used when accounting for allowances for bad debts
 collectability of accounts receivable
 amounts due to service providers
depreciation and litigation contingencies
 among others.



    
    


Cash
and Cash Equivalents 

For
purposes of the statement of cash flows
 the Company considers all highly liquid debt instruments purchased with a maturity of
three months or less to be cash equivalents to the extent the funds are not being held for investment purposes. The Company has
no any cash equivalents as of December 31
 2014 and 2013.

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

Fair
value of certain of the Company&rsquo;s financial instruments including cash
 account payable
 accrued expenses
 notes payables
and other accrued liabilities approximate cost because of their short maturities. The Company measures and reports fair value
in accordance with ASC 820
 &ldquo;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosure&rdquo; defines fair value
 establishes a framework for
measuring fair value in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and expands disclosures about fair value investments.

Fair
value
 as defined in ASC 820
 is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value of an asset should reflect its highest and best
use by market participants
 principal (or most advantageous) markets
 and an in-use or an in-exchange valuation premise. The fair
value of a liability should reflect the risk of nonperformance
 which includes
 among other things
 the Company&rsquo;s credit
risk.

Valuation
techniques are generally classified into three categories: the market approach; the income approach; and the cost approach. The
selection and application of one or more of the techniques may require significant judgment and are primarily dependent upon the
characteristics of the asset or liability
 and the quality and availability of inputs. Valuation techniques used to measure fair
value under ASC 820 must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. ASC 820 also provides
fair value hierarchy for inputs and resulting measurement as follows:

Level
1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical assets or liabilities;
The Company values it&rsquo;s available for sale securities using Level 1.

Level
2: Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities
in markets that are not active; inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability; and inputs that
are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities;
and

Level
3: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant
to the fair values.

Fair
value measurements are required to be disclosed by the Level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements
in their entirety fall. Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (in Level 3 measurements) are subject to
expanded disclosure requirements including a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances
 separately presenting changes
during the period attributable to the following: (i) total gains or losses for the period (realized and unrealized)
 segregating
those gains or losses included in earnings
 and a description of where those gains or losses included in earning are reported
in the statement of income.

Basic
Loss Per Share

Basic
income (loss) per share is calculated by dividing the Company's net loss applicable to common shareholders by the weighted average
number of common shares during the period. Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing the Company's net income available
to common shareholders by the diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year. The diluted weighted average
number of shares outstanding is the basic weighted number of shares adjusted for any potentially dilutive debt or equity. 



    
    


The
Company has no dilutive debt instruments.

New
Authoritative Accountin

In
June 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-10
 Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements.
ASU 2014-10 eliminates the distinction of a development stage entity and certain related disclosure requirements
 including the
elimination of inception-to-date information on the statements of operations
 cash flows and stockholders' equity. The amendments
in ASU 2014-10 will be effective prospectively for annual reporting periods beginning after&nbsp;December 15
 2014
 and interim
periods within those annual periods
 however early adoption is permitted.

The
Company early adopted ASU 2014-10 during the year ended December 31
 2014
 thereby no longer presenting or disclosing any information
required by Topic 915.

The
Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standard Update (ASU) 2014-15 on August 27
 2014
 providing guidance
on determining when and how to disclose going-concern uncertainties in the financial statements. The new standard requires management
to perform interim and annual assessments of an entity&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date
the financial statements are issued. An entity must provide certain disclosures if &ldquo;conditions or events raise substantial
doubt about [the] entity&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern.&rdquo; The ASU applies to all entities and is effective
for annual periods ending after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods thereafter
 with early adoption permitted.

The
Company has implemented all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect. &nbsp;These pronouncements did not have any material
impact on the financial statements unless otherwise disclosed
 and the Company does not believe that there are any other new accounting
pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations.

NOTE
4 - NOTES PAYABLE- RELATED PARTY




 2014
 Michael J. Rapport
the Chief Executive Officer
 sole director and controlling shareholder of the Company
 advanced the Company a $100
000 a long term
unsecured loan with a 1.5% interest rate per annum
 due no later than July 21
 2017. The loan is convertible into common shares
of the Company at any time after the second year&rsquo;s anniversary at a price based upon either: a) The price of its most recent
private placement offering
 closest to the time of conversion
 b) If publicly-traded
 then the bid price of its common stock on
the closing day of the conversion. As at December 31
 2014
 the Company accrued $670 of interest which is included in accounts
payable and accrued liabilities. All interest is due no later than July 21
 2017.


Michael
J. Rapport also advanced the Company $10
000 on April 21
 2014 and $8
000 on June 13
 2014. Both payments are secured by an 8%
interest bearing note that is due on April 21
 2015 and June 13
 2015 respectively. The Company accrued $353 of interest on the
note $8
000 and $556 of interest on the note $10
000 which are both included in accounts payable and accrued expenses. All interest
on the $10
000 note is due as of April 21
 2015 and all interest on the $8
000 note is due on June 13
 2015.

Accrued
Interest

As
of the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company has accrued an interest balance of $1
579 on the three notes due Mr. Rapport.
As of December 31
 2013
to the outstanding note to related
party.



    
    


NOTE
5 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company incurred $20
255 for advisory services and SEC filing services
 that were paid to
Tech Associates
 Inc.
 a company controlled by Richard Chiang
 a director of the Company. The Company also compensated Tech Associates
Inc. with 30
000 shares of common stock during the year ended December 31
 2014. Tech Associates
 Inc. incurred $2
833 for advisory
services in the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013.

NOTE
6 - STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY

Preferred
Stock

Preferred
Stock
000
000 shares of $.001 par value preferred stock. As of December 31
2014
 and December 31
 2013
 no shares of preferred stock had been issued.

Common
Stock

Common
Stock
000
000 shares of $.0001 par value common stock. As of December 31
 2014
and December 31
 2013
 436
000 and 10
000
000 shares were issued and outstanding
 respectively.

Upon
formation of the Company on June 18
 2013
 the Board of Directors issued 10
000
000 shares of common stock for $1
000 in services
to the founding shareholder of the Company. In addition
 the founding shareholder made a contribution of $3
050 in 2014 to the
Company
 which are recorded as additional paid-in capital.

On
April 4 2014
 the founding shareholder entered into a Share Purchase Agreement pursuant to which he sold an aggregate of 10
000
000
shares of EBC&rsquo;s common stock to The Michael J. Rapport Trust (the &ldquo;Trust&rdquo;) for a purchase price of $40
000.
Pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement
 The Trust became the sole shareholder of EBC
 owning 100% of the issued and outstanding
shares of EBC&rsquo;s common stock.
On
September 22
 2014
 the Company cancelled 9
600
000 shares of common stock for no consideration. On September 23
 2014
 the Company
issued 6
000 shares of common stock to directors of the Company for services valued at $600 ($0.10 per share). On September 23
2014
 the Company issued 30
000 shares of common stock for services to Tech Associates Inc.
 a company controlled by Richard Chiang
a director of the Company
 valued at $3
000 ($0.10 per share).

NOTE
7 -  SUBSEQUENT EVENT

Pursuant
to a share exchange agreement entered in to by Bayhawk and Evans Brewing Company (EBC) on October 15
 2014
 EBC filed a copy of
the Asset Purchase Agreement as an annex to a combination registration statement and proxy statement on Form S-4 (the &ldquo;Registration
Statement&rdquo;)
 which was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;Commission&rdquo;) on January
30
 2015. In the Asset Purchase Agreement
 EBC agreed to purchase from Bayhawk
 and Bayhawk agreed to sell to EBC
 substantially
all of the assets of Bayhawk as well as its liabilities (the &ldquo;Asset Purchase Transaction&rdquo;)
 conditioned on receiving
approval of a majority of the independent shareholders of Bayhawk. In connection with the Asset Purchase Transaction
 EBC agreed
to make the Exchange Offer to the shareholders of Bayhawk. The Company anticipates that the merger will be concluded during the
month of April
 2015.

On
February 19
 2015
 Richard Chiang resigned as a director of Evans Brewing Company Inc (&ldquo;EBC&rdquo;)
 effective immediately.
In a letter dated February 19
 2015
 Mr. Chiang indicated that he no longer desired to serve on the Board of Directors of EBC
and tendered his resignation. The letter did not indicate any disagreement with EBC. The Board of Directors accepted Mr. Chiang&rsquo;s
resignation. Also on February 19
 2015
 Mr. Chiang
 in correspondence to the Board of Directors of EBC
 indicated his intention
to terminate the Advisory Agreement
 effective February 28
 2015.

















     


Exhibit
31.1

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
SECTION
302 OF
THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
Michael J. Rapport
 Chief Executive Officer certify that:



    
I
    have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Evans Brewing Company
 Inc.;




    
Based
                                                                                                          on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
                                                                                                          necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading
                                                                                                          with respect to the period covered by this report;




    
Based
                                                                                                          on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
                                                                                                          material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
                                                                                                          presented in this report;




    
The
                                                                                                                      registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
                                                                                                                      and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
                                                                                                                      defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

    
    

    
    
Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    

    
    
Designed
such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluated
                                                                                                                               the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
                                                                                                                               about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based
                                                                                                                               on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
    
Disclosed
                                                                                                                               in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
                                                                                                                               registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
                                                                                                                               that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over
                                                                                                                               financial reporting; and




    
The
                                                                                                                      registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
                                                                                                                      over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
                                                                                                                      (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

    
    

    
    
All
                                                                                                                               significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
                                                                                                                               which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report
                                                                                                                               financial information; and

    
    
    

    
    
Any
                                                                                                                               fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
                                                                                                                               registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




/s/
    Michael J. Rapport
    

Michael
    J. Rapport
    

Chief
                                         Executive Officer
April
        9
 2015
    














     


Exhibit
31.2

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
SECTION
302 OF
THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
Kenneth C. Wiedrich
 Chief Financial Officer certify that:



    
I
    have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Evans Brewing Company
 Inc.;




    
Based
                                                                                     on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
                                                                                     necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading
                                                                                     with respect to the period covered by this report;




    
Based
                                                                                     on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
                                                                                     material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
                                                                                     presented in this report;




    
The
                                                                                                 registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
                                                                                                 and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
                                                                                                 defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:&nbsp;

    
    

    
    
Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    

    
    
Designed
such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluated
                                                                                                          the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
                                                                                                          about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based
                                                                                                          on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
    
Disclosed
                                                                                                          in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
                                                                                                          registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
                                                                                                          that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over
                                                                                                          financial reporting; and




    
The
                                                                                                 registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
                                                                                                 over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
                                                                                                 (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

    
    

    
    
All
                                                                                                          significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
                                                                                                          which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report
                                                                                                          financial information; and

    
    
    

    
    
Any
                                                                                                          fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
                                                                                                          registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




/s/
    Kenneth C. Wiedrich
    

Kenneth
    C. Wiedrich
    

Chief
                                         Financial Officer
April
        9
 2015
    














     


EXHIBIT
32.1

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In
connection with the Annual Report of Evans Brewing Company
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period ended
December 31
 2014
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Michael J. Rapport Chief
Executive Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect; 1350
 as adopted pursuant to &sect; 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002
 that:



    
    
        
    

    
    
    

    
    
The
                                                                                     information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and result of
                                                                                     operations of the Company.




/s/
    Michael J. Rapport
    

Michael
    J. Rapport
    

Chief
    Executive Officer
    

April
    9
 2015
    


A
signed original of this certification has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.













     


EXHIBIT
32.2

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In
connection with the Annual Report of Evans Brewing Company
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period ended
December 31
 2014
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Kenneth C. Wiedrich
 Chief
Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect; 1350
 as adopted pursuant to &sect; 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002
 that:



    
        
    
        
The
                                                                                                 Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

    
    
    

    
        
        
    
The
                                                                                     information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and result of
                                                                                     operations of the Company.




/s/
    Kenneth C. Wiedrich
    

Kenneth
    C. Wiedrich
    

Chief
    Financial Officer
    

April
    9
 2015
    


A
signed original of this certification has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.















 xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
 xmlns:xbrldi=http://xbrl.org/2006/xbrldi
 xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
 xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
 xmlns:xbrli=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance
 xmlns:iso4217=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217
 xmlns:nonnum=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/non-numeric
 xmlns:num=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/numeric
 xmlns:deprecated=http://www.xbrl.org/2009/arcrole/fact-explanatoryFact
 xmlns:ref=http://www.xbrl.org/2006/ref
 xmlns:net=http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/net
 xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt
 xmlns:country=http://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2013-01-31
 xmlns:currency=http://xbrl.sec.gov/currency/2014-01-31
 xmlns:dei=http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2014-01-31
 xmlns:exch=http://xbrl.sec.gov/exch/2012-01-31
 xmlns:invest=http://xbrl.sec.gov/invest/2013-01-31
 xmlns:naics=http://xbrl.sec.gov/naics/2011-01-31
 xmlns:sic=http://xbrl.sec.gov/sic/2011-01-31
 xmlns:stpr=http://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2011-01-31
 xmlns:us-gaap=http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2014-01-31
 xmlns:us-gaap-att=http://fasb.org/us-gaap/attributes
 xmlns:us-types=http://fasb.org/us-types/2014-01-31
 xmlns:xl=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/XLink
 xmlns:utr=http://www.xbrl.org/2009/utr









2013-06-17









2013-06-18












2013-06-18












2013-06-18












2013-06-18













2013-06-16


2013-06-18









2013-09-30









2013-06-19


2013-12-31












2013-06-19


2013-12-31












2013-06-19


2013-12-31












2013-06-19


2013-12-31









2013-12-31












2013-12-31












2013-12-31













2014-04-04












2014-04-04













2014-04-01


2014-04-04












2014-04-21












2014-04-01


2014-04-21












2014-06-13












2014-06-01


2014-06-13









2014-06-30













2014-07-21













2014-07-20


2014-07-21














2014-07-20


2014-07-21












2014-09-21


2014-09-22













2014-09-20


2014-09-23













2014-09-20


2014-09-23









2014-10-09









2014-10-01


2014-10-09









2014-10-12


2014-10-15









2014-01-01


2014-12-31












2014-01-01


2014-12-31












2014-01-01


2014-12-31












2014-01-01


2014-12-31












2014-01-01


2014-12-31













2014-01-01


2014-12-31









2014-12-31












2014-12-31












2014-12-31












2014-12-31













2014-12-31












2014-12-31









2015-04-09














































































































































































 Inc. (formerly ALPINE 3 Inc.) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on June 18
 2013. Alpine 3 Inc. was set up to serve as a vehicle to effect an asset acquisition
 merger
 exchange of capital stock or other business combination with a domestic or foreign business. ALPINE 3 did not undertake any effort to cause a market to develop in its securities
 either debt or equity
 before it successfully concluded a business combination. On April 4
 2014 The Michael J. Rapport Trust purchased 10
000
000 which was all of the outstanding shares of Alpine 3
 Inc. and changed the name to Evans Brewing Company Inc. (EBC) on May 29
 2014. On October 9
 2014 the &amp;#8220;Trust&amp;#8221; agreed to the cancellation of 9
600
000 of the shares of common stock that it had acquired and retained 400
000 shares of common stock. Since inception
 EBC has been in the developmental stage and has conducted virtually no business operations other than exploring the acquisition of the Bayhawk brands and related assets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Bayhawk and EBC entered into the Agreement on October 15
 2014
 subject to receiving approval of the Bayhawk shareholders. Assuming that the approval of the Bayhawk shareholders is obtained
 pursuant to the Agreement
 Bayhawk will sell to EBC
 and EBC will purchase from Bayhawk all of the assets of Bayhawk
 including but not limited to: (A) all assets
 including personal property
 intellectual property
 inventory
 contracts
 websites
 documents
 and all other assets however delineated relating to the Bayhawk Ales label (as defined in the Agreement and discussed in more detail below); and (B) all assets
 including personal property
 intellectual property
 inventory
 contracts
 websites
 documents
 and all other assets however delineated relating to the Evans Brands (as defined in the Agreement and discussed in more detail below); and(C) 100% of the stock in Evans Brewing CO (CA) which has the brewers license at City Brewery in Lacrosse
 WI (where all of the EBC brands will be brewed) (collectively


 which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has an accumulated deficit of $83
364. The financial statements do not include any adjustment relating to recoverability and classification of recorded amounts of assets and liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;The Company's continued existence is dependent upon its ability to continue to execute its operating plan and to obtain additional debt or equity financing. There can be no assurance the necessary debt or equity financing will be available


 Inc. is presented to assist in understanding the Company&amp;#8217;s financial statements. The Company uses the accrual basis of accounting and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP accounting) and have been consistently applied in the preparation of the financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Use of Estimates and Assumptions&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates are used when accounting for allowances for bad debts
 collectability of accounts receivable
 amounts due to service providers
 depreciation and litigation contingencies
 among others.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto;
 text-indent:
 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;For purposes of the statement of cash flows
 the Company considers all highly liquid debt instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents to the extent the funds are not being held for investment purposes. The Company has no any cash equivalents as of December 31
 2014 and 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Fair value of certain of the Company&amp;#8217;s financial instruments including cash
 account payable
 accrued expenses
 notes payables
 and other accrued liabilities approximate cost because of their short maturities. The Company measures and reports fair value in accordance with ASC 820
 &amp;#8220;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosure&amp;#8221; defines fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and expands disclosures about fair value investments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Fair value
 as defined in ASC 820
 is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value of an asset should reflect its highest and best use by market participants
 principal (or most advantageous) markets
 and an in-use or an in-exchange valuation premise. The fair value of a liability should reflect the risk of nonperformance
 which includes
 among other things
 the Company&amp;#8217;s credit risk.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new
 roman', times, serif;
 font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Valuation techniques are generally classified into three categories: the market approach; the income approach; and the cost approach. The selection and application of one or more of the techniques may require significant judgment and are primarily dependent upon the characteristics of the asset or liability
 and the quality and availability of inputs. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value under ASC 820 must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. ASC 820 also provides fair value hierarchy for inputs and resulting measurement as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical assets or liabilities; The Company values it&amp;#8217;s available for sale securities using Level 1.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Level 2: Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability; and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities; and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Level 3: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair values.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px;
 text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font
 style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Fair value measurements are required to be disclosed by the Level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall. Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (in Level 3 measurements) are subject to expanded disclosure requirements including a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances
 separately presenting changes during the period attributable to the following: (i) total gains or losses for the period (realized and unrealized)
 segregating those gains or losses included in earnings
 and a description of where those gains or losses included in earning are reported in the statement of income.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Basic Loss Per Share&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Basic income (loss) per share is calculated by dividing the Company's net loss applicable to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares during the period. Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing the Company's net income available to common shareholders by the diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the basic weighted number of shares adjusted for any potentially dilutive debt or equity.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;The Company has no dilutive debt instruments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;u&gt;New Authoritative Accountin&lt;/u&gt;g&amp;#160;&lt;u&gt;Guidance&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;
 font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px;
 text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;In June 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-10
 Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements. ASU 2014-10 eliminates the distinction of a development stage entity and certain related disclosure requirements
 including the elimination of inception-to-date information on the statements of operations
 cash flows and stockholders' equity. The amendments in ASU 2014-10 will be effective prospectively for annual reporting periods beginning after&amp;#160;December 15
 2014
 and interim periods within those annual periods
 however early adoption is permitted.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;The Company early adopted ASU 2014-10 during the year ended December 31
 2014
 thereby no longer presenting or disclosing any information required by Topic 915.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;The Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standard Update (ASU) 2014-15 on August 27
 2014
 providing guidance on determining when and how to disclose going-concern uncertainties in the financial statements. The new standard requires management to perform interim and annual assessments of an entity&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date the financial statements are issued. An entity must provide certain disclosures if &amp;#8220;conditions or events raise substantial doubt about [the] entity&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern.&amp;#8221; The ASU applies to all entities and is effective for annual periods ending after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods thereafter
 with early adoption permitted.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;The Company has implemented all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect. &amp;#160;These pronouncements did not have any material impact on the financial statements unless otherwise disclosed


 2014
 Michael J. Rapport the Chief Executive Officer
 sole director and controlling shareholder of the Company
 advanced the Company a $100
000 a long term&amp;#160;unsecured loan with a 1.5% interest rate per annum
 due no later than July 21
 2017. The loan is convertible into common shares of the Company at any time after the second year&amp;#8217;s anniversary at a price based upon either: a) The price of its most recent private placement offering
 closest to the time of conversion
 b) If publicly-traded
 then the bid price of its common stock on the closing day of the conversion. As at December 31
 2014
 the Company accrued $670 of interest which is included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities. All interest is due no later than July 21
 2017.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Michael J. Rapport also advanced the Company $10
000 on April 21
 2014 and $8
000 on June 13
 2014. Both payments are secured by an 8% interest bearing note that is due on April 21
 2015 and June 13
 2015 respectively. The Company accrued $353 of interest on the note $8
000 and $556 of interest on the note $10
000 which are both included in accounts payable and accrued expenses. All interest on the $10
000 note is due as of April 21
 2015 and all interest on the $8
000 note is due on June 13
 2015.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Accrued Interest&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;As of the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company has accrued an interest balance of $1
579 on the three notes due Mr. Rapport. As of December 31
 2013


 2014
 the Company incurred $20
255 for advisory services and SEC filing services
 that were paid to Tech Associates
 Inc.
 a company controlled by Richard Chiang
 a director of the Company. The Company also compensated Tech Associates
 Inc. with 30
000 shares of common stock during the year ended December 31
 2014. Tech Associates
 Inc. incurred $2
833 for advisory services in the fiscal year ended December 31


000
000 shares of $.001 par value preferred stock. As of December 31
 2014
 and December 31
 2013
 no shares of preferred stock had been issued.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common Stock&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Common Stock&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#160;- The Company is authorized to issue 100
000
000 shares of $.0001 par value common stock. As of December 31
 2014
 and December 31
 2013
 436
000 and 10
000
000 shares were issued and outstanding
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Upon formation of the Company on June 18
 2013
 the Board of Directors issued 10
000
000 shares of common stock for $1
000 in services to the founding shareholder of the Company. In addition
 the founding shareholder made a contribution of $3
050 in 2014 to the Company
 which are recorded as additional paid-in capital.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;On April 4 2014
 the founding shareholder entered into a Share Purchase Agreement pursuant to which he sold an aggregate of 10
000
000 shares of EBC&amp;#8217;s common stock to The Michael J. Rapport Trust (the &amp;#8220;Trust&amp;#8221;) for a purchase price of $40
000. Pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement
 The Trust became the sole shareholder of EBC
 owning 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of EBC&amp;#8217;s common stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;On September 22
 2014
 the Company cancelled 9
600
000 shares of common stock for no consideration. On September 23
 2014
 the Company issued 6
000 shares of common stock to directors of the Company for services valued at $600 ($0.10 per share). On September 23
 2014
 the Company issued 30
000 shares of common stock for services to Tech Associates Inc.
 a company
 controlled by Richard Chiang
 a director of the Company
 valued at $3


 2014
 EBC filed a copy of the Asset Purchase Agreement as an annex to a combination registration statement and proxy statement on Form S-4 (the &amp;#8220;Registration Statement&amp;#8221;)
 which was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the &amp;#8220;Commission&amp;#8221;) on January 30
 2015. In the Asset Purchase Agreement
 EBC agreed to purchase from Bayhawk
 and Bayhawk agreed to sell to EBC
 substantially all of the assets of Bayhawk as well as its liabilities (the &amp;#8220;Asset Purchase Transaction&amp;#8221;)
 conditioned on receiving approval of a majority of the independent shareholders of Bayhawk. In connection with the Asset Purchase Transaction
 EBC agreed to make the Exchange Offer to the shareholders of Bayhawk. The Company anticipates that the merger will be concluded during the month of April
 2015.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;On February 19
 2015
 Richard Chiang resigned as a director of Evans Brewing Company Inc (&amp;#8220;EBC&amp;#8221;)
 effective immediately. In a letter dated February 19
 2015
 Mr. Chiang indicated that he no longer desired to serve on the Board of Directors of EBC
 and tendered his resignation. The letter did not indicate any disagreement with EBC. The Board of Directors accepted Mr. Chiang&amp;#8217;s resignation. Also on February 19
 2015
 Mr. Chiang
 in correspondence to the Board of Directors of EBC
 indicated his intention to terminate the Advisory Agreement
 effective February 28




 collectability of accounts receivable
 amounts due to service providers
 depreciation and litigation contingencies


 the Company considers all highly liquid debt instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents to the extent the funds are not being held for investment purposes. The Company has no any cash equivalents as of December 31


 account payable
 accrued expenses
 notes payables
 and other accrued liabilities approximate cost because of their short maturities. The Company measures and reports fair value in accordance with ASC 820
 &amp;#8220;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosure&amp;#8221; defines fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and expands disclosures about fair value investments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Fair value
 as defined in ASC 820
 is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value of an asset should reflect its highest and best use by market participants
 principal (or most advantageous) markets
 and an in-use or an in-exchange valuation premise. The fair value of a liability should reflect the risk of nonperformance
 which includes
 among other things
 the Company&amp;#8217;s credit risk.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Valuation techniques are generally classified into three categories: the market approach; the income approach; and the cost approach. The selection and application of one or more of the techniques may require significant judgment and are primarily dependent upon the characteristics of the asset or liability
 and the quality and availability of inputs. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value under ASC 820 must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. ASC 820 also provides fair value hierarchy for inputs and resulting measurement as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Level 1:
 Quoted
 prices (unadjusted) in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical assets or liabilities; The Company values it&amp;#8217;s available for sale securities using Level 1.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Level 2: Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability; and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities; and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Level 3: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair values.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Fair value measurements are required to be disclosed by the Level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall. Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (in Level 3 measurements) are subject to expanded disclosure requirements including a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances
 separately presenting changes during the period attributable to the following: (i) total gains or losses for the period (realized and unrealized)
 segregating those gains or losses included in earnings



 the FASB issued ASU 2014-10
 Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements. ASU 2014-10 eliminates the distinction of a development stage entity and certain related disclosure requirements
 including the elimination of inception-to-date information on the statements of operations
 cash flows and stockholders' equity. The amendments in ASU 2014-10 will be effective prospectively for annual reporting periods beginning after&amp;#160;December 15
 2014
 and interim periods within those annual periods
 however early adoption is permitted.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;The Company early adopted ASU 2014-10 during the year ended December 31
 2014
 thereby no longer presenting or disclosing any information required by Topic 915.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;The Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standard Update (ASU) 2014-15 on August 27
 2014
 providing guidance on determining when and how to disclose going-concern uncertainties in the financial statements. The new standard requires management to perform interim and annual assessments of an entity&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date the financial statements are issued. An entity must provide certain disclosures if &amp;#8220;conditions or events raise substantial doubt about [the] entity&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern.&amp;#8221; The ASU applies to all entities and is effective for annual periods ending after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods thereafter
 with early adoption permitted.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-stretch: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;The Company has implemented all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect.
 &amp;#160;These
 pronouncements did not have any material impact on the financial statements unless otherwise disclosed












 closest to the time of conversion
 b) If publicly-traded





































xmlns:evan=http://evanbrewing.com/20141231
 xmlns=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema
 xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
 xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt
 xmlns:xl=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/XLink
 xmlns:xbrli=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance
 xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
 xmlns:negated=http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/negated
 xmlns:us-gaap=http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2014-01-31
 xmlns:us-gaap-att=http://fasb.org/us-gaap/attributes
 xmlns:country=http://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2013-01-31
 xmlns:currency=http://xbrl.sec.gov/currency/2014-01-31
 xmlns:dei=http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2014-01-31
 xmlns:exch=http://xbrl.sec.gov/exch/2014-01-31
 xmlns:invest=http://xbrl.sec.gov/invest/2013-01-31
 xmlns:naics=http://xbrl.sec.gov/naics/2011-01-31
 xmlns:sic=http://xbrl.sec.gov/sic/2011-01-31
 xmlns:us-types=http://fasb.org/us-types/2014-01-31
 xmlns:stpr=http://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2011-01-31
 xmlns:ref=http://www.xbrl.org/2006/ref
 xmlns:deprecated=http://www.xbrl.org/2009/arcrole/fact-explanatoryFact
 xmlns:nonnum=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/non-numeric
 xmlns:num=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/numeric























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 Related Parties























 ($.0001 par value
 5
000


 authorized 5
000
000 shares
 series A
 $0.001 par value
0 issued and outstanding as of December 30
 2014 and 0 issued and outstanding as of December 31




 100
000
000 shares authorized; 436
000 shares and 10
000
000 shares issued and outstanding as of September 30
 2014 and December 31
 2013


 authorized 100
000
000 shares
 $0.0001 par value
436
000 issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2014 and 10
000
000 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2013























































































































 Income Taxes
 Extraordinary Items































































 Value







 Shares






































































































































































































 Other than Investments in Related Parties



































































































































 Shares
 Share-based Compensation



















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 image_001.gif

___`/_
___
S/_
F?_
9O_
M
__
`/^9__^9S/^9F?^99O^9
_^9`/]F__]FS/]FF?]F9O]F
_]F`/\S__\S
MS/\SF?\S9O\S
_\S`/\`__\`S/\`F?\`9O\`
_\``
S__\S_S

M
\S_`
S
_\S
S
S

9LS

\S
`
R9_\R9S

\R9`
QF_\QF
MS

\QF`
PS_\PSS

\PS`
P`_\P`S

M
\P``)G__YG_S)G_F9G_9IG_
YG_`)G
_YG
S)G
F9G
9IG

YG
`)F9_YF9
MS)F9F9F99IF9
YF9`)EF_YEFS)EFF9EF9IEF
YEF`)DS_YDSS)DSF9DS9IDS
M
YDS`)D`_YD`S)D`F9D`9ID`
YD``&;__V;_S&;_F6;_9F;_
V;_`&;
_V;
MS&;
F6;
9F;

V;
`&:9_V:9S&:9F6:99F:9
V:9`&9F_V9FS&9FF69F9F9F
M
V9F`&8S_V8SS&8SF68S9F8S
V8S`&8`_V8`S&8`F68`9F8`
V8``#/__S/_
MS#/_F3/_9C/_
S/_`#/
_S/
S#/
F3/
9C/

S/
`#.9_S.9S#.9F3.99C.9
M
S.9`#-F_S-FS#-FF3-F9C-F
S-F`#
S_S
SS#
SF3
S9C
S
S
S`#
`_S
`
MS#
`F3
`9C
`
S
```#__P#_S`#_F0#_9@#_
P#_``#
_P#
S`#
F0#
9@#
M
P#
``9_P9S`9F099@9,P9``!F_P!FS`!FF0!F9@!F
P!F```S_P`S
MS``SF0`S9@`S
P`S````_P``S```F0``9@``
P``````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````````P`````7@%\```(_P`!!Q(L*#!@P@3*ES(L*'#
MAQ`C2IQ(L:+%BQ@S:MS(L:/'CR!#BAQ)LJ3)DRA3JES)LJ7+ES!CRIQ)LZ;-
MFSASZMS)LZ?/GT#AU*M*C1HTB3*EW*M*G3IUC2IU*M:K5JUBS:MW*M:O7
MKV##BAU+MJS9LVC3JEW+MJW;MW#CRIWK=@7=NW@9VC6X-V'?CW_SJX9.#!?
M@78-'QZHF&#CP9`!-US1E_+O8D?([9L66%G`)H=1Q[M\+/GRGH1@PY-.;/F
MUJKUFB8-V(KM0+AMSP8=NV#HDK]],T;M]_-NQ[/JT[^F#/FR:TQ!]]
V;9U


(=0:B25:2..$5O@FGHTC3JABCAH1AUF$$I97

6FBLVK$8_<O2=KX79AZ*)(
GK[T7S/F8N1``JEBFD;?J9KT%)*JAK11IS
M*UI^FX)W
:F2]ANP10JS
G)#N%Z38V
/`\;@LA8U++%X#ZZP*L6`\BRO@Q@A






MGNG_/C

F70`8@(@.KDMCL)\Y_SI
AVVP(/]_I3Y8U5($5=8@U






W5VY;C;7

MY3()^+

WS6^'6?)V)*?SC.HDTE3?5
ML%Z\&*@^XUTXQWR9HM







R:T


2GG5Z1S-JV/1[#C4T(\9]

MRK=?V;=]]D=PJ&91-!
8WN87+8=PSC-@I9(SE51B-$A+`Z@Y\%5J\;
NP$1U



M12NE&0^S7WFG





&3\:7

&


MV7_B-94ZJ'FDE)66M#FCIG1K


VY4I!*E





M).@7^2D0'+J?XL




8?&3
-8&B6+
MLB?++1^+/U9ZCZ?_





T__(R
M(#0L+&2+29-RKY20XKAD=B
I^L:




M
CCSE\^9R2G1;4\H$FX
MP1DLS*'SQ\7VR+P,R4;VRH;IRY=:RMIAP^G7E=\8D$LH\66=<6FS4R4H5O\


O$\
M?TKS)67C3SZ


45WR
MMF@
(M0


RE_%%5VM6Q





MAV&U25/]`TA-?+;-PW1)-[





M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#^_BLK7-=T



N@:+$]MJ.NQJ0S17MY/IMC


MDDDDDDG)).23ZDGDFOJ7]BKX`O\`M
?M

_B1J
F5MM(^


71
MPN$RO*Z];+L!3EB*L:5.#CAJM*M6C34I3JUL7B:LO9TJM22@DU'_`&]X0^CI

M?'O@F[UOQ#JLD_B'PMJ?_'KK-M

MPNNK:X\'?'WXFZ=%:NKQZ=/XKU75-(;:``LND:O/J&F2)P-RM:88?*V5XK^@






AP_F^4XVK+#8.M
M@\SR7$U*+Q618O*L1*_LG]:AF:HU(THT53_I+_98_P^_C/2;W3O#?[4W@^





9A






MC&I!;`(-0P_M?`2YL/[4M_C;\))M-V&3[=%\1O#VFP#);SUU@QXQSG=0!Z

:ZSX\\

4+22!?FVX!-`'H]%?.'PE_;#_91^/6IRZ)\
M%OVD/@C\4];AR9-$\_$SPCXDUE0O5O[)TS5KC4@[NMN5[YKVKQ=XR\)^`=

Y








M+BGBO%RI0AB

M@^);#?ME6WU1XY;!IXL`
EN0Y62OSL^#'PE\3?'GXM?#KX

MGAJU=$9ELK.ZG4ZMJDY'^KMM
TQ;F[GD;Y42


MB\6W0&XNX))Y&9G)JN%*&&P6!SGB+'XN67PI4)Y#D^*6#KXZ2SG-\-56)KT
ML/AZUK.679)]=J^UA52P^(S'#3D^;D1EXS9AFW$'$/`OA;PYDE/BBMC
?A_










MP







$UWXQ\?\`





M=V\BS6UW:S^._$\MM=VLR$I-;7
+I-!*A*R1NK#K7CW_``49_:D\?:+^T7^S

M_P!_`?QD\(:7X+\1W_A]O_`(M?#G4OAXVM:[H=_?:/KR:%::G*\M]%I6K:
M9=V=[+&JPQS!!&SHP:OK6@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`

IRK

L
MRS`86'M






SP.*HPPF!CCL-6I4_K6&S7$864*\_UKHK\T_C9^T=^UA%


_@3\


M'/P'\5?$6M)H?AS6?!41_M&/PUK&@P-)J0NW:WFM7N1'&D-QMD=S&TC4^+
K
+7G<.&,QXHPTL
M'4Q.1Y=GM?A_,\'E^-J4LQH2QT,-@\1]2KXWQJ?IQ17Y`?`;]L7]L?Q]^SO


\U



YXGR?Y=-8
M&+S!5ZM:CE2P]5GZE45^:7[0?[2'[5_@'QU^R_\$?AIX(^#6J_&3XU^%/&.


M


MRU73+J]C@UC3HX=6LUTW4+2Z47ARZB-XV0F*XIRG!9A6RW$O&4ZU
/:5U@
M:\\JU7+L7FM'+&0;I?7*V!P.+K4:$H0]JZ
J4*OMG&G)Y-X/\`&F?\
Y?Q
M5E4






MY5JU=.



MGA:]*=/!T\1F&$JQG3J*



2Y%CL^SS&\,9)2PV-
MSK`X#*LTXDP6&X@XDEPYG=?AW.\5PSDL,+B<3FN78'.,+B\%',*E;*L+CJV#
MQT,KGF,L#C%0^O**\W^,'Q(TKX/_``L\?_%#6RATSP+X4UGQ)<1N^Q;AM-LY
M9K:S#=0][="TC`^9I)E506(%?.'[O[4/B7]J'X1ZMXF^(?A.T^'_Q*\'^+





\8T
TR3A]U

M]W\%/A1'^S$UHGB^;X7KJ_B#_A?%O\(Y)E/_``GK:B?^*8;4X](8^(7\._9E

OPM*C/$X/.J%2I0Q6

M
)S2C657$3K*-5T



M


\


MC#-

M0J8CA#B/CF-&OC*%&O2R#A3

M1+/7(3?LS3SVNJZ5/9ZE):
]JDEQ;*/+D9T'':)^U9^UY\5_V7=$^/WP7\`_


FQ.!P^/PCQV



7%[Y2V^OV
M6J1FPMX/LL<[DVD\CK,$0G!;&!^SY^W/J?QF_:S^,/P(O_-EHW@708]?_X4
//!NC7-GXXWWRZEIOC;QVLC1--OY


%!OB?\;OB%\

M^R;M!M&;4K1UM-&NT21XEE#.Y6.:3EPO&.6XQX6%#!9ZZN

BAG%?

M/(\FRG.
QQ]#CS*\3@:;XBPM7'\





XXS[9QGVKZ
_:V^&LWP@_:1^



M5\/5O?6_M*
WKJ^9/KK_`--N29GA


MCH:/YF
_;MML9O)SSYOV02YV\^7OS\N:^VX=Q\^)
?PGP;CL'E-+)Y9[AHJ6


E&*_G[Q0X;P_A3P[

^+_PG_9U;X


I`X#ANXK\JZ]WB7CC.LEXPXK
MH8AE4*$:N+X:I8?%9;#%4:&08-4\)2RFA0J8FCAJ.G&FZ\Z4
*I3K5YUG7
8\88C



+1I^SHTL77P\
M

M9/$5SX(\0:/KWA/SO%WB33[NPTUL]8TC36EMVEMSJD;U#$'%?RJ:/87.JZ


'[&TL]/U[[2\_V
M&ZC.E6\6B7!:`Q/-I4DT$DD+NQ5F(K\@_\`@K)\`O\`@DE^T-^T3^SK\1/V
MH_VF?!7[
O[4W[


W[//@S_@F3^PKH-U\7
6U^?EA)=PW]B^JVT\-]'<22B\2XB6X%SY
MWG#S2Y/X\?\`!R/XS^#/Q*^*?_!'4^#_`!A\+O'VI0?\%#/A]!JD/AO7_?B

?VR?V9/A
M_P##'0?C)XX^

1NN=

^$-4\$^







MM\4_'&+1-)_;]_;*^



MY=C0W


MBBB@`HHHH`****`OS!_PK;267P-^$OB*\Q_PB/A7]J+X%:]X[
@W6L?A

'@+Q3\
_B#HT&O^


M
'P5Q_PCQ5F.'Q&+R[)

K*P



/!T%G^

M$





JW^I


MO1%*H$4P.`=[$WEW#N8X/BOFTZ4JE+&XWBI5*-;&QK4\#0SEE-;+L=@J$G




J6H5:E*O0G4IQ4*
E4DF?6X;
MQGX+P'$'B+G.%S%U)9SXG^
7%F01QW#E3

ME/&9_F&$PF+RW







MP=3

M)
HPW#U#AW//[2RW*
%AL1FT\QK9?EM?#9;1RRO67R-_P5)C\7S']




H**X]\_:%_8\U/XP_$WX9?%OP
M#\;?&'P

)
M+R#6?'GBCQ#=R6SKJMU(Z0V<4-DEK';Z=IL1VUE;ETC)9MU9G@[]B7XC:5X
GC^%<3DRJTLQR^7]F5)9GQ/C
M,+1QU2LZ-;,*M/YI@:.*QV%ISEBL6\3B*CJ2=6M6\SB3C[PWXGQ%#-Z?&<


MV*P]/*
DAE65X6.&IQPF`P'QE\$KRUT7]I+_`():ZAXA


ATRQ\3:9=Q(\$=S=0P

MC4P&


MP#EWA]C
MQN(JYEP3QG6SKBGZ]FT
%EG&N=YQ@.)\CP53A2GEM3#YW3R[&^'
MG!&4///[2H/#8?B#-)X:A/#X+%*O\U_\$F[_`$RZ_88^$NGV82+4O#=[XX\.



+36[75-6M[)W^1+^70PBE$(EEB?`#`XK


MTM#I:227_#+5[B:.-6=WTZTFM;K5%IEF']G0W3.`#E`P(*YIFM:_X0A_X)
MY:CXA

!HKG$::(Z8%H%MC+M`:M\=3SZKB<1FN%RM*KFO#



M1@L!FN'XFRVOPU@(934SK#9?DF-_M?%/^U
''+*L\;\M?`ZVOM


M0)




MGB#Q!Q+E6:X;.Z
%D$

M`+*U)'?=Y
-U.V54


MJ0VT5]'_`
+&U*[U2[BMUBW1*VE7-TLFGS'YUE@BE.UE&+/P$_9-\._`7]F.
M7]F31_%.KZWH$FD^-])_X2.^M+.VU1(?&TVIRW4B6MM_HBO9'4Y!;J/E;RU+
M``X&.2\+9QEN+P
I4:





ME(=6US]E+X+V'C+2L%)]`\=Z!KNLZ/XOT2ZA8!X);+6K6Z5$D`8PE'Q@@G[^

BQA=J7#6;T\ZR[-(4*5.E5XI
MS+




MVHGA99I@JU&4(UL5*;\7_8[`;]LC_@I(K`%6^*7PL!!&00?AO;`@CN.*\O


7A
MN3+./^#L3Q7Q3CLUXJPD.`\T\..!^'^(N#\RX:SG

1QMBN'?#+!9-1P^0RH
MX6MALBXEX9XWR_+\9D7$F

M3]KCP7IUU)9^)KFU\+?%-(





TBZK^T!_P3Y_9




DS#%TZ=.E+







JHUE&K[:G3_-S
M_@EY_P`$Q_\`@GG\1_\`@G/^Q-XZ\:_L;?L^^)_%OBK]FKX3ZYXC\1:Q\.]%



M:M920^(-%M;/1'N+C48I]/MIXIM1N;MH65DB*QL4/Z




?B%\6OB+\./C#\=
M_%.I_'CQKJ/Q)^


M_P!I'X&_;X^?#O4(=3\$_%[P!X8\?\`AV[@D61?L'B/2K?4!;2,I8YL)II
M;[C)W0W5M-$^&1@/8:^&?V#/V?AI_P3Q^$R_`KX*^//BSX@^$NFW$EQX1\

MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`O*OC-\$_AE^T!XU?X:


MT5E7H4


MSGJS*MDJ

MY^TYE^U*X1A@Y/)O![BBOF#@^2GFW%N087`1JVT]I5RS*L7C9TT[7]G2IU))



%YZB!GNMK%@
M94K^FO.H2JAES)T'BS
3%VJ9\#5

M



M`T@=2X!4F[P=\UI6]HM[@W^[./)V$'L&:?ZO%=Z1XY@(QPD1CE
B'&=$.
Z)


DL].PS`
QN](
MO$/D^^IN2`BAI;M
2+LA5![`).X?M8VC)$#W]H0#@DICV]'VY\\_6][NYFE4


1R?LB

M#U1?````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`+_K61H\!``!!#0``&@`(`7AL+U]R





M=6*+0VLSC6W5E+(J=0

E:MF+XT.D*$'[^1\6P9#$
M642N&%A0../(-&



JM4T_+V\


]IOX%JV]LIPM`I-E=.



M#FIG
LAB:UNARPQO






MM)%A58_A8




?]562H_Q)1=_L^OO-#N=!2QW`#.2$UNEGR^4)^`H
MT,R\0#(E+`
TDI6TE%RY8




_(R$QWA<%Y&QMBKVXNT35WYGY14)Z1[;)O

K;T!C585G^B?<7W*2F[E]`B/NK
(`J'&5@U/
M!*N:1N7`!+18S;]G:*DI?.6[
P`?&1.W$]D
MDWZ]C\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`


UQDS3&K6$-W_@?E_J?]SS]M;ZQ]Y6=*A0<,#=_Y9R$NFR#@^9G6&9^RVW@



M``;T(W-\2.E


MI/

M#[?!&R0T[Q&Q1
O1A`;D2@$9@])4R,0@%HM&?PW)7]_#2AE$9EBC66`5-(

MSH=)ZEPM'2$2`;\:L;(1B4(HWU




Z&#FEG6C

M;CH8.4TCQGTD3


O

!`M
M(2C)?MQ_WW'L!'N

W63GG?IJ3R+M?]#U/ZWS<\_K3[*ZK4^M%X$.%<K_UCTUR6
M05!G1U&D]:B\B#,\V9=5D3;PL3H$]:42Z:X=5)R*`RG09'F9U]%6%9#8I3[
M?9X)6F9OA3@W*D@E3FD#^=?'_%)WT8IL2+@BK5[?+D]965P@Q$M^RIL?;5#?
M*[+E]\.YK-*7$^C^))
TZV*W'YSP19Y595WNFQ&$U2BKN9%L`@@TF:URT&!
M++M7B?W:?R9+'L5^L%FU!?HG%Q^U\=ZKC^7'+U6^^RT_Z@VS).

-TQ*)+EKL?5-095!3C%0:



ML#1%#UETR[YGT9IT[9/$0:B#
(UT-KX8H]



M7ZQA(ZR2HXTU?58(:J#2,3I5'M9^28O*V6D'NTO4I_'\CX!X4FT3&[A-%K



MW15MQ;'3Q/&#K&

B6R%*51;Y?3WKYNS&27.



IJMI#M\=@'W-

5


F`
M8%#-4!*4L5_2ZR'OE!&

*-^


M




MW7)Q

MQ^)^_+.HQK\]_/

M3^7IL*[MGZ?G:?5Z*M;;9M!A/TUGLZOI8;T[CGV%VU.?&N73TVY3B'+S=BB.


M1Z?BZ7[\-;DU\]EX^G#73-!?N^*](K^/JI?R79]VVS]VQ\+.MNV3Z\!C67YS



M)+U9)(NK`8ZN0A7[LZN2S&=#:ER'&O92:VM\-J53WYZFVV)=KQ_N3N7[R%Y
MM@'5Z]I=D,FM+7ANLV]*V_B_Z[MMNORU56Y']OQMJ657:S?'])T?C?];A?8
M)FA67F/_;S6+ZUB2HR2)%0)?*+FYB37RK'&+TIV=XD!S8#QH%M_43DP[.W;A




ML4!X`3'

![X\YC'

MXC
.?4=*



MT'9=V&\Z,--UGT`MYMUM^7`.O6;F7+

);%AERKZ&_89)#;
DU)@DI8
MP9R(H/&3LG3Y@;^_2BC@&@@AI+8J$L3Q*B[$Y#9]]&/XU+B


MZL^R3A1?@$10&0@87/!:M@B`9B*(EM#@H[:9^P$T34IA_6$0$:&4AG
]ZN

A`_


M!!`)1`'10`PEL2\7+DC?/MY!W4UQOCCA4U4045\\P0C0R$#\)8B?K16
T$`

7P519RT'(H!((`J(!F(H

QE
2V!J6=S



G$COVM;[[UW%FRHD
M$4&P/I:;N.V%2B6;E8KT81C+RSPA,<Q-N(BP@E<15,8'P'=B%76JM5F)<(T

%S&U8FUA7=_\TG7I@O%TS?`4P2AG

NUNM5&M

M.69EN`YQ


54&2KI3
MJ2
:_UW99A3JMN7PKFRWO6W8Q

7R%O6N0K^K
MT-Y;7Z%7Y?+%U^5%*88JK1L2VVN;SCM:V7A/*&
#-6?DIC2]MX0-:-R'0;W.
M'#I)?A!+0GC4F0P


S6KZ1$0;?7
M85;30IV96\V(9HJBPRU769O8G
O!Y+EJ
)A;$SH;!/T06+D)QW[-&LX[F)&Q





MIH@8A.



`U!!7?4YK\@A_J_S3E+PZ0U

M]U`(H6ZJ25H&#.YD_+GO:0:-`MWD%//-J63YWFMSX)_N?&PR@U)N'38-36;_
M7
2\/5CLJG:]69[MO45%]
2BS:IG60'

M@L;)#MI@TJ2L:=/625LMVZPON-/-^9XPMI;L+/X^I['SYLQEY^3B11H[M;!C
M:SNVTM3@V9


$%``&``@````A`)I?
O&*0``EDL```T```!X
M;]S='EL97




MOOOYV753#1!A
M:?TW1]WVHESK
;V
EMM'9#?+*


FFF\=ULG_9HY



MRQ)\=3%9;%Z58


M['LUWU[%]FO'8-
:N09)Y'L+8K&:L6ED/HS/[AZMV2.3RS&397$`U+)F_0N`

M%'F58Z#(J_V&

MS#/P4+E7.0:*O

*
*S.78F

MKW
5EEQ$&VP\OG6P90W:;58=G1PO^P$YXGLBIK;-KCUKF^RQ:&T;69L6QD-^



?X-


H5AJH4R5%0E2%Y3ZA*



M[&+M5'N.8N\W%)GT0QX'BZENK-

E






9J


M7

(.'UVBP2V8A


:`XM0_SOFY0S(]O-K^865/3(


^\?'8J#A7-B?_N;HWUKF+
MC#X[T@S:..M;*-%*R@=J3?X/``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`@#)@H82$`


MS*/X[JN=F\G%_IL=D^5!/`\621Q^M?



5FD8S+/[


MLV0=YU_MO#K\;

WYTGL_4RC'
#
$P_SJ/\



G^KCNL#E7/!YL0CN

(T2$O
3




2[QMO`ZR^_JSGW[\

KGO4ISH(%E$PC191'C7IT9V)\LK
*G@*

MQ1Q



'K0Y1MJKQQ

M

YF'
M_8FY[G_='][TQPTLCL83
[K8^/[]]6@\-E?7HXO!I&WNV'2'YZ;_+U?]X;BY
M^E6:W(89O6@P)/3A0S1KF@P1DOUI0`G`F6B5!#'U[=Z'
5`&VP3W*)@OHUA\



MC0//$*T0K84:#W(C0='1&PF*3NH0RP1_1N%(?FKF6/U-:WW!(YN%:^-(MUD=


M![4[_VZ=Y?0%

[#0*7&K^GG'_-34N)
!J.G`NG(1-2RNZG\MQ
MA2OME/Y64IZ'JS2$TT(BJGI?
@[\:RM5/:7AX41B(IGK^6`-_$!9(N624:
:
M;+DM#O*'!M6@I:%/*3)KQMB=/ID/,`*C-;YMTY@Z[F!EL(#(


87HRN/W0G@]&PA5O4E-=WMR9WTF:.AZ/AOJP^&'[='T\&
MP_?B(%T

M?^?I3P2R

X^(SB.X8BFR5)*44+K`

:QN
Q0C@#*L`1(US!`Y,=[$3NW*LC!R.F:]HM:FR@R9


M22#[3!;\^]_^0P#_^]_^TP1W*4P!ER?7^8X08?Z\\]KFHRQ;9NJ`D3
T]Z.

UZR5U:#N(2A0=CQ&8.H//+(QYUNL(

D0N-A-\D3!

H@=1^A]PBV:RL8Q[#*31@B%]S6PS#

2=*L`N:-V%XA(%\$4ZF(7S
G4(*
_


GTN
R

M9A[S@92!0WT`(4]2/GPIN^3O)M!0F:TL0`N@NM


M%=[L/EDOH/%+&O'].F85D*:&:$9J%;#2LZW0PS)=V:10);2;R:HAXAAT8L#=





M)V(=I/A6=%KNM$`NX/W8)C2:[F)Q1N3R%1PA&Z7%!0VNSOON]VK'6]!^K8





M#PK#30-^&VQW@8
@'%H!(P6*U=#:,/4VBVS^.I#.N,N,D.@Q1V]AZV$[S0



MKD5C+^6YLD_%;_!`Y^!)`^D7092:K]G\0L1=%*[;H
1$75?+%!Q.I\!O8Y#K

M+KZ%

L0&`-
P?V2*R^8Y80J1.XUP3&A6F\&Q-!8IHW96#O#02G7H

F``1;Y6Z`Z3&)1:^`,*F#67EBV1_%$#%R!Q@4,MR9+!'(EN)MN2
M=;9G9UG&QK91O,_U,%C_*-+'9$!5K%YRRAKA]M#4@UT4B&-
J2=;R%4
7([
/=8


LU^'`90%&B3U)0)SQWBYB+1EZB
M&MU)@&!?3WWD.FZ
A2NCNA`F-DN`%G$3?!UG[B-$O4CO/UESQ\/(%NK]4+_Y

DF0(;B7F#I%2$FTMS4C*1U1%
M=`-!


M@Y1`)V_-35



=.8&SW=T$
ATQ!\
MKU5'N$4('?`G
02KR]LD0:Z5?S]]I(H.`U&=B?;@$[$H=P?W6H

)M6I#55V
M[#J[FA;%T0C6.G9_[A$D%


M!'C5C?IE2UG?GQFS68F_1F^J

ICZ2[H


J=%L-A1^G9R;N#UMY0G[



9@GVL(&S8`A2`E#*]:D$:573Y2]



LSL'3
M\^O1R6
<?[HY


MG$C

G
MOU'UQ_PP&Y

5$%ABD7V^18@0H.)ME1%BU`6BTJ+/-AD#)FY^&GXQS2N*$=P&]-
ML?:2-]#89



M:JNX^ZY




MVZH3CN^-E%\PH4ABGN0HQ08^


M:-^[^;K_YW(;GZ:QZ';_S9/169_/K+=EWU(^].G6`Z\;6'*$9SNJW^5I


&$T3

ML-L*@9/KA*'3R$*@MM]#S

M!(\6N\R5O?QHRDM-Z`0L[H^I3\N0#M_%@FSBPJ&6^5`]OFWA#3S$E1L)^BIF



`=+3A/THZT[^TU
[LGD)J.W



M.

4YM!2@

M4FD4QIN#
2XT
R6AM4-!@T


M0XF66N$LA![P)B`D.-Z^F7%A`M`7E32?[95)T7'
'71`X(RTJ61G3]:9M%

K&)




'

&K




W6Z
LY-
G5
M`




MEHLG65&J$#BT




W?6U$JF!BH.S

M$AFT02P['7-P)I?@:/$`)QS@6
EIG-
(`W*$IJ)18O&D\`

M``#__P





+5^[!R&Z


M=K^19486KK=9*8/^J^B1#_YW^($=_^RK\F?54G`;ZB0KL&7L24)_E/(6/.Q=

ME#Y(E

$SF@1G/
!X-*$+_!#&4`6:\
M
@DVE87D1(N6(11RD@4A:$9SS`.OZ?D;BF#1AZO3((M998G*4)0630/2&PI
MP_@89;-[E$FPV4:V)RE!FTTN&$4*[EG80FV+(G
E%.$:$O^-PBJI;9,$S


&@

MIAC7KG8

MLNP-1V-PX63F6Z]'IN



MIY
-3$F[=(^-.%P?'S.
MO;;C]?U+65C/F'%J\#V1JYMX2JA*:D.@?W[5WRWMTN4)6B@E8XL%\QM^\W
MGS^M3Y0]\1QC88%Q0

FQQ)50(@P72(!_GI.:G]7*Y!:Y$K&G8WV7

M#NPI?9+4QU1,-@9C(Z;#OQ@5HHS=S$3WKZBLDA%]#N&222P5;I:XAY`A4%
MF=%X)I426H`!^&^51X-J`AZ:3Y/)!5Y8$_FH]GG7A`M_:8BYA(2=M*CES0




C4!8/FZ
&NKY6S


M&


M:`?V^YM%DDWCQNFR59R+MYT)A80F4L`3VS?M_L;=66@_YW'F.9MH$0A.(
M3#6@)YIN
I\H



)8'NX%OO17\(`/N=_@5E6C`_Z.V(%4
MWIP!I+N:`%G!5/W

M'P```/__`P!02P

F;9`21H^Q%$Z

QJZ

`-^:'T_=N(`U[):KAO0XZ5KO!


M2P

:T
:4Z+7G-M];WL7
M7*J:&7A5!=6MXBRSB^J*1D%P0VLF&N(88G4.A\QSD?)[F6YKWAA'HGC%#/BO
M2]'J/5N=GD-7
_6T;:]26;=`L1&5

M7XM422USXP

L!=[WXG
E`F)9O[U+)B$









M-'`NV

XS
#`!W`NI=F_@#+M_RQ6?P$``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A

MP6MQM


KM`BEUZ3JOW.JEI9
GRVS&71;P[@^XW9QHGM]SU
M2R=]EB:%+.6A&D

MQ;54OAOE25[_*-+]]S07
-I0)ZS`3LIGA'[;HPFK4[T4UV!OPMC+P[QR[GZ
M1U[_%.GQ5$&Y/5$PI;[]U48PHI!E//
R4R#
0@$\C2W%JP(C$;_7SFNZK
MT]IT_;$WLUT'X



&#LE'0EQOP69:=`O%
M`XBZXSO0R8:3KM&

=`!
M.E&1:M$I8V\;3IDZH4IYSM;FUB%


MXICFI7$6!]C`[/$





MZI5+)K[KT#IGNZ(^K-R__WI]FKD.;[-ZEY6LIBOWDW+WV_KGGY87UKSQ(Z6M



MZE\$$4&J





M8H


P(?VV


.QA8:4?R&A:3J:/'\HE8LSU`W//D;4'K@F
M;W%2N.-([%84$QU@
K1R_4@E;Y


M4*1AC


M_3UK#D7-G9+N8:@_26#J!K\0X$O+3O)^O&4MW.SEWR-\R:%PN?0G`-XSUEY?

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#1EV/A808``%L@```9````

MU3&(YO




M'[\VY?;W\B1@M2%.&('7NGY#UZ];-$'CP&C]A2+P9^-MQ2Y_/W9_U1^_B7)_

M)UR!\&5

SCR&FM[O#1N`WG$0\

66QE/)LSV!JMV.!K71]:8'E'ZQ[T@='
CCCV]V3MSY393*7$E/301F]F;(T


.

RS9T(F-X_'P6U

E




39V6R*#NQ&YOL*I-%F;&+
M

7)`2Y/3NPSEYLX5`5NR)HSJB18-).`


M!?D'::1^DTJN7EHM3!C]$[


M28#'P]O+0LU8%Y)^/0E&+D@IHW^B
Y-Z$K#&P`GQ5/(\//`IDR4&3HCCJ8IM
MV
ID46:(8PRF?YU


ID46:D$X_31_1
\CU
9&72

]
TI7)HLQ(QQ@L)DLB

AO:1!_@QV/8-
MM(%SK^6;9+G:P$X












MIA-DNT%[1?J`;-5'9&\Z03[:T:[\




1M0D!'$NI3F\V`.F._C7_P$`
M`/__`P!02P

%I]WW;@F_92D;%-:;^K

MY






_Q3[+XQO4PWC#J`C;&P1OSTR%8&B0#
:!\@4B0P*

ME/9(-5TMI=@[







/FBADU&[5W4HS
MTFBU
_M
P4FL`D:VT[3_?N^U#0V83.$%PLGEW

M[]$JXSFK#HG_\]_'FUO?DRJM\K3@%4W\=RK]K[L_OFS/7+S((Z7*`X9*)OY1
MJ7H3!#([TC*5



E[60/'

M_#NRN9^'?K#;Z@+]8O0L+WY[\LC/?PF6?V

%Q``7+V2




8
MJD_6$ZMBL\YI71

MN+JUD



MH8$^3-)UY.JZ@0;Z

]K+FVY-D+5*0Z#`4:\9BH3=9'B7S^7
M#U.
C*5U1BM5\Q0?N
%/\X\?9CNEUZ;DW)@J$V*2VN;A!##2BZI53#:_B2

MT9@3FV2WT$FJUYOF@2G9`
5*5



3*EV


M@YC:N&D0P1'IHMV@6D2N=2[CHV31=C?I/L``:6C!OU%=B-J@BN=`.6AKT7X$






?]FW75


^^4-AT]VBT^WU=
M5A_;\J6ISH
0Z:I3

M;CX?SFU7/)\@[^]A4I2C-GW0Y)NZ[-J^W0\+D`M$H'K.ZV`=@-+CPZZ&#+#L
M7E?MM_Y3N/FPCOS@\8$*]$]=O?:3W[W^V+[^VM6[W^MS!=6&/F$'GMOV*[I^
MWJ$)'@ZTIS]1!_[HO%VU+UY.PY_MZV]5?3@.T.X4
L+$-KL?'ZN^A(JS)*

MFW^%4TA!2T*[6,Q%(\/7?OJ0;_!N[\4.'O#0B/
0F%:Y2V($Z%'EE:T/

M29W

H)Z



1LI#
[FM3YGUMJ[\0QOL8QCJ7)


M0@)M0QY.'







V


H
76Q!


:G6.RF'=ER+$Z=J9O-I@`W3E&-4S&.@TI\)D4'9-]5W



:YQTX[/5$C'F02
%6(XSRCK
M.W$V8LS?2#

:8I?F/!_^9X'5X20G+


M

Y8Q9[
/_?('J*C2!P5EM@.1WG3CB3-QO
MAG/NA#-Y
V6!LZ$%3NCF.KK29%!FZ-[9`AWA7)J4I2BU'(YS)ZS)FU7*AG7.



V(
[#L?T

^]4[4%SN4J.W$/2'P8V@N$#G=YV@'N[]O
M1[BO5<&]EN4G/=M.XP?<$&ZW@![_`\``/__`P!02P

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````


JUPKDS8YU;ZY.O-^6^'=62M';










X=2L$UT4@L-
\WH#RB7GP^''!'8.5`[Y
*T8-(25X6RTP;]J26-3LG7C+7G363%,]IV
M'D</S(*7,XFWS`BF',KRL';2C&5EG4E_:?-H2P!G28*`=K$9=K'=L;A(1Y<-
M`D=]I&=HE6@KW$EG`2[*);


/?..

EO1&ZM]A\H59

;6V9@N1&5[SH:MN2+
]4WI7^*]+^TVH
M1WM7K?0

MJ@X``!

M;'








%E$ON!P``]B@`


M2P$+0`4``8`````$`^V*E;90&``G&P``$P````````````````!))@``


M```A``,FAA(0``N64``!0`````````````````PS8``'AL+W-H87)E9%-T


M971S+W-H965T
BYX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`Q!`ZIY,#``#6P``&0``





M970V+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#1EV/A808``%L@```9````````````



M='






 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto;
 text-indent:
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new
 roman'
 times
 serif;

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px;

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;
 font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px;

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

 times

M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C9#4X-3-A-5]A,&8P7S0X93E?8F5E9E\V-C9C
M93@S968U,C8B#0H-E1H:7
@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7
@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7



&8P7S0X93E?8F5E9E\V
M-C9C93@S968U







T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@



#
N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K





M+U-H965T
#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@



5]O9E]3:6=N:69C86YT7T%C8V]U

T0B

\



M($A2968]

3


M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^3W)G


M:&5E='




#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O

O4VAE970Q.2YH=&UL






M7V-D-3@U
V$U7V$P9C!?-#AE.5]B965F7S8V-F-E.#-E9C4R-@T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)




]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#



]


]


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^16YT:71Y(%)E9VES=')A;G0@3F%M93PO=&0^#0H@(`@

@0G)E=VEN9R!#;R!);F
N/'-P







]



]


]


]
M


M9VX]


]


T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@4&5R:6]D($5N9!$871E/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y$96,@,S$L#0H)3(P










]


]


]



\+W1D/@T*






M=#Y997





]



T1T;W`^16YT


]


;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C9#4X-3-A-5]A
&8P7S0X93E?8F5E9E\V-C9C93@S
M968U



]




M


]



]


]
T1R

30L
M-#


]
M






U



]





]
T1N=6UP/C4P





]
T1N=6UP/C$L.#




M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XF;F)S







]

M86QI9VX]





Q




3`P+#`P


@;V8@1&5C
M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#$P+#`P


@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3



T1T


]



M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^5&]T86P@4W1O8VMH;VQD97)S)R!$969I8VET/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W-2PW

2PX
S
I/'-P86X^

]




M-3@U





]

T1)1#!%

M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q-#QB

#$S






]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]



]
T1N=6UP/C4L
#`P+#`P



]

@




]





M

3`P+#`P


T1T



T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T


]
T1N=6UP/C0S-BPP




M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C9#4X-3-A-5]A,&8P7S0X93E?8F5E
M9E\V-C9C93@S968U,C8-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M8V0U.#4S835?83!F
%\T.&4Y7V)E969?-C8V8V4X

M='




M;CTS1#$^-B!-;VYT:'

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R

M14Y515

]
T1T

]
M



T1T
M;W`^1U)/4U
@4%)/1DE4/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X



@04Y$


]






]
T1N=6UP/C


]
T1N=6UP

]


]




]

M1&YU;3XH
BPX
S




]






]


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#4W.2D\


M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+#@S

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@X


]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SQS

;W-S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S
M/3-$;G5M/B0@*#(L.#




]


]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0F%S:6

]
M
T1N=6T^)`H,XP




]



'0O:'1M;#L@


]

]
M



]

]
T1R8SX-

C`Q





M;7`^
2PP



]


]




]




]


]


]

M;3XH
2PX
S


2PP


M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+#@S


@
M870@1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]



]



]


]


]

]
T1T97AT/B9N




]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P





M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Y+#8P


M-3


]


]
T1R8SX-

M86QA;F-E(&%T($1E8RX@
S$L(#(P



RPS-C0I/'-P86X^


S$L(#(P


]
T1N=6UP/C0S-BPP


V$U7V$P9C!?-#AE.5]B






]




M/3-$

]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#

M8RX@
S$L(#(P





M+#@S

M;G5M/B0@*#@P+#4S




M=&EV:71I97


]

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



]
T1T97AT/B9N









]
T1T97AT/B9N


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
S
S/'-P86X^


]




]







M9VX]
T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'


]
T1N=6UP/C$W+#4P
M



T1T;W`^

]
T1N=6UP/C




]

M;V8@4&5R:6]D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XF;F)S







]

]
T1P


]


T1T;W`^26YC;VUE(%1A





]



2PP




]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

V$U7V$P9C!?-#AE.5]B965F7S8V






]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@

]






M
T1T;W`^3U)'04Y)6D%424].($%.1!$15-#4DE05$E/3B!/1B!55-)3D53

P
#`P
#`[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)RP@=&EM97



M6D%424].($%.1!$15-#4DE05$E/3B!/1B!55-)3D534SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^


6QE.B!N;W)M86P[(&9O;G0M=F%R:6%N=#H@;F]R


M/B8C


'!X.R!F


M(&9O;G0M=F%R:6%N=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F

M9F]R;65R;'D@04Q024Y%(#

C`Q
RX@06QP:6YE(#
@26YC+B!W87

M(&$@=F5H:6-L92!T;R!E9F9E8W0@86X@87-S970@86-Q=6ES:71I;VXL(&UE



M36%Y(#(Y+`R,#$T+B!/;B!/8W1O8F5R(#DL(#(P,30@=&AE(8C.#(R
#M4

@8V]N9'5C=&5D('9I


@

T0G8V]L





Z(#$[



6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<W1Y;&4Z
M(&YO<FUA;#L@9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!N

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B!N;W)M86P[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97



3!P=#L@9F]N





M;CH@

T0G



@:7
@;V)T86EN960L





@:&]W


I(#$P

@=&AE(&)R97=E




&8P7S0X93E?8F5E9E\V
M-C9C93@S968U


M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P



]
M

]
T1T97AT/CQP

#`P


'!T.R!F



M



'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P





3!P



#`P


'!T.R!F



M



3!P=#L@;&EN92UH



@:6X@=&AE



@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S

P
#`P
#`[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY
M.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97



'!T


P
#`P
#`[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE






M4&%R=%]C9#4X-3-A-5]A
&8P7S0X93E?8F5E9E\V-C9C93@S968U







T0Q/C$R($UO

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@




M4ED@3T8@4TE'3DE&24-!3E0@04-#3U5.5$E.1R!03TQ)0TE%4SPO=&0^#0H@

P
M
#`P
#`[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97
L


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<W1Y;&4Z(&YO<FUA

M249)0T%.5!!0T-/54Y424Y'(%!/3$E#2453/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^/'`@






M.R!W:61O=W






M.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97



M93H@











#`P







#`P
#`P.R!F;VYT+69A;6EL

M.B`Q



M+6EN9&5N=#H@



'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F



M;65R:6-A(@B1T%!4(@86-C;W5N=&EN9RD@86YD(&AA=F4@8F5E;B!C;VYS

T0G8V]L





Z(#$[










'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N




M:61T:#H@




M97

P
#`P
#`[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)RP@=&EM97




#`P
#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=T:6UE



















M.R!W:61O=W



3LG/B8C,38P.SPO<#X\<!S

3!P=#L@9F]N





M;CH@

T0G



T0G





Z



6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<W1Y
M;&4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT


@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


3!P=#L@







M



@;V8@=&AE('-T871E;65N=!O9B!C87-H(&9L;W=S+!T:&4@0V]M



@=&\@=&AE(&5X=&5N



M;&5N='
@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3


M









M(S$V


'!X.R!F;VYT+7-T


M=F%R:6%N=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F;VYT+7-T


P
#`P
#`[
M(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<W1Y;&4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@9F]N

M





M=W






M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97

M97)T86EN(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W



X










6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<W1Y;&4Z(&YO<FUA
M;#L@9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!N;W)M86P[

M:&5I9VAT.B!N;W)M86P[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)RP@=&EM97








'!X





M='
L('!R:6YC:7!A;`H;W(@;6]S=!A9'9A;G1A9V5O=7

L





M


M;W)M86P[(&9O;G0M=F%R:6%N=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@;F]R


M;&4]





M:61O=W






M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97

M8VAN:7%U97






M97
@=7-E9!T;R!M96%S=7)E(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@=6YD97(@05-#(#@R,!M

@86YD

M(#@R





Z(&%U=&\[('1E



'!X.R`M




M(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97









'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J











Z(&%U=&\[('1E



'!X.R`M




M(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97









'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J










P
#`P
M
#`[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97
L('-E


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<W1Y;&4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@


#`P





3!P





#`P






#`P
#`P


M=F%R:6%N=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!L971T97(M

M.B!A=71O.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N









@:6YC





@:6YC;'5D960@:6X@96%R;FEN9W

M
#`P

M+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M(&9O;G0M=F%R:6%N=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!L


'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R


'!T.R!L:6YE


P
#`P
#`[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)RP@=&EM97



M
#`P





3!P=#L@;&EN92UH


M)V-O;&]R.B`C
#`P



M.B!N;W)M86P[(&9O;G0M=F%R:6%N=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@


'!X.R!T97AT


M






Z



M9SH@









'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T




#`P
M


M;G0M=F%R:6%N=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!L971T

M86YS.B!A=71O.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@


'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE


P
#`P
#`[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)RP@=&EM97



#L\=3Y'=6ED86YC93PO=3X\+V9O;G0^


6QE.B!N;W)M86P[(&9O;G0M=F%R:6%N=#H@;F]R


M




Z(&%U



M

'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H

M;65S+!S97)I9CLG/DEN($IU;F4@,C`Q-P@=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S=65D($%3
M52`R

@
M.3$U*3H@16QI;6EN871I;VX@;V8@0V5R=&%I;B!&:6YA;F-I86P@4F5P;W)T

30M





M;65N='
@:6X@05-5(#(P
30M


#`P





'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M:7IE.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY
M.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97




M=&AE('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30L('1H97)E8GD@;F\@



M





M=W






M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


3!P







M;&4]






30L('!R;W9I9&EN9R!G=6ED86YC92!O;B!D



@82!G;VEN9R!C

M:6%L('-T871E;65N='

#MC;VYD:71I;VYS


P
#`P
#`[(&9O;G0M
M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97



M
#`P






M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


38P.U1H97-E

@;F]T(&)E;&EE




;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C9#4X-3-A-5]A
&8P7S0X93E?8F5E9E\V-C9C93@S
M968U



]

T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]


]
T1T



T1T;W`^



T1T;W`^






M/CQB/DY/5$4@-`M($Y/5$53(%!!64%3$4M(%)%3$%4140@4$%25%D\+V(^












M:68[)SXF(S$V


'!X.R!F


M(&9O;G0M=F%R:6%N=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F

C$L(#(P
30L($UI8VAA96P@2BX@

#`L
#`P(&$@;&]N9R!T
M97)M)B

M('EE87(F(S@R


2P@
M


M960@;&EA8FEL:71I97


P
#`P
#`[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@
M=&EM97



#`P







3`L
#`P(&]N


C$L(#(P
34@86YD
M($IU;F4@
3
L(#(P


M-34V(&]F(&EN=&5R97-T(&]N('1H92!N;W1E(0Q,PP
#`@=VAI8V@@87)E
M(&)O=&@@:6YC;'5D960@:6X@86-C;W5N='



!N;W1E(&ES(&1U92!O;B!*=6YE(#$S+`R
#$U+CPO




Z(&%U=&\[('1E



'!X.R`M




M(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97









'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J




P
#`P
#`[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97



#`P
#L@9F]N





3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(&YO

2P@
C`Q

@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3


M83!F
%\T.&4Y7V)E969?-C8V8V4X

O4VAE970Q
M


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q






]



#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\


]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4D5,051%1!005)462!44D%.4T%#5$E/3E
\


'!X



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q


T0G9F]N=#H@


#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@




T0G9F]N=#H@

M9GD[(&-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@=&5X


3L@


M

C`L


2X@5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@86QS;R!C;VUP96YS871E9!496-H($%S

L($EN8RX@=VET:`S,PP


S$L(#(P
30N


2P@
C`Q

%\T.&4Y7V)E969?
M-C8V8V4X
V5F-3(V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V-D
M-3@U

M+U-H965T

M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



]


G($5Q


]


@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


P
#`P
#`[('1E

'!X.R!L971T97(M



M+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SX\8CY.3U1%(#8@+2!3
M5$]#2TA/3$1%4E
F(S@R


M8VEN9SH@

Z(#$[(&9O






M(S`P
#`P

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)RP@=&EM97





M(S`P
#`P

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)RP@=&EM97

M/B8C


'!X.R!W:&ET92US





M=&\@:7-S=64@-2PP
#`L

2!P87(@=F%L=64@

2P@
C`Q-P@86YD
M($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R




M(S`P
#`P

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)RP@=&EM97

M

T0G9F]N=#H@


#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R


3L@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[(UW96)K


T0G9F]N=#H@


#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS


3L@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[(UW96)K:70M


T0G9F]N=#H@


#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N



38P.RT@5&AE
M($-O;7!A;GD@:7

M:&%R97

#$T+!A;F0@1&5C96UB97(@,S$L(#(P,3,L(#0S
M-BPP,#`@86YD(#$P+#`P,PP






M86P[)SXF(S$V


'!X.R!W:&ET92US






M;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!F;W(@)#$L



M(&]F(0S+#`U,!I;B`R





'0M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N
M;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6X[(&QE='1E<BUS<&%C:6YG.B!N;W)M


M:61O=W


'!T



M=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[(UW96)K:70M=&5X=US=')O:V4M=VED=&@Z(#!P



M


3L@8V]L

'!X

T0G9F]N=#H@




C
L(#(P
30L





M

%\T.&4Y7V)E969?
M-C8V8V4X
V5F-3(V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V-D
M-3@U

M+U-H965T
3

M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE




]





]




M;F]R;6%L.R!W:61O=W


M;VYT.B`Q

M



T0G9F]N=#H@

'!X.R!T97AT

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


M:&%N9V4@86=R965M96YT(&5N=&5R960@:6X@=&\@8GD@0F%Y:&%W:R!A;F0@
M179A;G

M
M-`H=&AE(8C.#(R

X
C(Q.RDL



L('-U




3LI+!C;VYD:71I;VYE9!O;B!R96-E



M=&\@;6%K92!T:&4@17AC:&%N9V4@3V9F97(@=&\@=&AE('-H87)E:&]L9&5R



'!X.R!W:&ET








3DL(#(P
34L(%)I

@
M0G)E=VEN9R!#;VUP86YY($EN8R`H)B
X
C(P.T50R8C.#(R,3LI+!E9F9E
M8W1I=F4@:6UM961I871E;'DN($EN(&$@;&5T=&5R(&1A=&5D($9E8G)U87)Y



M86YG)B
X
C$W.W

3DL
M(#(P


M96-T:79E($9E8G)U87)Y(#(X+`R,#$U+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^/]D:78^/'-P


M-5]A
&8P7S0X93E?8F5E9E\V-C9C93@S968U



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




3XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@



]


]
T1T

#`P


M



M9&5N=#H@




'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F;VYT
6QE
M/3-$)V-O;&]R.B`C
#`P


'!T.R!F;VYT+7-T



'!X.R!T


M.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97





M:6%L('-T871E;65N='


]

3!P







M;&4]




#`P


'!T



M=#H@



'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F;VYT+69A

P
#`P
#`[(&9O;G0M
M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97




M;F0@;&EA8FEL:71I97











'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J








Z(&%U=&\[



'!X




M86P[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97
L('-E








'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N



@;V8@=&AE('-T871E;65N

@86QL(&AI


M97%U:79A;&5N='
@=&\@=&AE(&5X=&5N=!T:&4@9G5N9',@87)E(&YO=!B



@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
M
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


M93H@











#`P
#`P.R!F;VYT+69A

M:7IE.B`Q



M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@=VAI=&4M


'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@;F]R;6%L

M.B`C
#`P

M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M86P[(&9O;G0M=F%R:6%N=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@;F]R;6%L


'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS


'!T.R!L



M:71I97

M(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@:6X@86-C;W)D86YC92!W:71H($%30R`X



#`P
#`P.R!F




M=71O.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@


'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


P
#`P
#`[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM
M97




M;B!!4T






L(&%M


3H@)W1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;B<L('1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@

'!X.R!F;VYT+7-T


M=F%R:6%N=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F;VYT+7-T


T0G8V]L;W(Z





Z(#$[('=O




M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B!N;W)M86P[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)RP@=&EM97

@87)E









@86YD(&UI;FEM:7IE('1H








M.R!W:61O=W






M.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97



M93H@










M)SY





X
C$W.W
@879A:6QA8FQE





6QE.B!N;W)M86P[(&9O;G0M=F%R:6%N=#H@;F]R;6%L


38P




Z(&%U=&\[



'!X




M86P[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97
L('-E


M='
@;W(@;&EA8FEL:71I97




#`P
#`P.R!F;VYT




M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@=VAI


'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@;F]R

P
M
#`P
#`[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97
L


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<W1Y;&4Z(&YO<FUA

P
#`P
#`[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97



#`P
















T1T;W`^0F%S:6


'!X.R!F


M(&9O;G0M=F%R:6%N=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F


P
#`P
#`[(&9O;G0M9F%M
M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97



#`P
M





3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG



@;F5T(&QO



#`P


M



M9&5N=#H@



P
#`P
#`[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97







M:61T:#H@




M:79E($%C8V]U;G1I;CPO=3YG)B


M









M(S$V


'!X.R!F;VYT+7-T


M=F%R:6%N=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F;VYT+7-T






38P.T1E8V5M8F5R(#$U+`R,#$T+!A;F0@:6YT97)I;2!P97)I









38P.SPO9F]N=#X\






M;F]R;6%L.R!W:61O=W

'!X.R`M=V5B:VET




M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97



P
#`P
#`[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)RP@=&EM97




#`P
#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=T:6UE










M;G1I='DF(S@R

M8V]N8V5R;BXF(S@R

M97

@96YD:6YG
M(&%F=&5R($1E8V5M8F5R(#$U+`R,#$V+!A;F0@:6YT97)I;2!P97)I;V1S





Z(&%U=&\[('1E



'!X.R`M




M(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97









'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J





@=6YL97-S(&]T:&5R






M-5]A
&8P7S0X93E?8F5E9E\V-C9C93@S968U

M;G1E;G0]




]

]

]


]

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q











]


#`L




]
T1N=6UP/C0P

]
T1T

]



#`L


M0D



]





]

]
M

]
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/C$P+#`P


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C9#4X-3-A-5]A
M
&8P7S0X93E?8F5E9E\V-C9C93@S968U




M:78]

]
M


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^




]



M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

V$U







]





T0Q
M/C`@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@

2!-;VYT:'




]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#


]




]


]




]


]


]


]









]
T1N=6UP/C@N




#$U










]

]






]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]


]



]


]

M86QI9VX]


]





3`P+#`P


















@



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@








]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^
M36%T=7)I='D@9&%T92!O9B!D96)T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



M/3-$=&5X=#Y*=6P@

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C9#4X
M-3-A-5]A
&8P7S0X93E?8F5E9E\V-C9C93@S968U



M='`M97%U:78]

]






#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@








]
T1T97AT

]


T1T;W`^


@8V]S
M='

;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C9#4X-3-A-5]A
&8P7S0X93E?8F5E9E\V-C9C93@S
M968U



]




T0Q/C8@36]N=&AS($5N

M
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@

!-;VYT:',@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@

]

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

]


M;BX@
3@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M3V-T+B`P.2P@

]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^4')E

#`L

#`L






M
#`L

M1&YU;7`^
3`P+#`P


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


#`L

V+#`P


]


]


T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&]U='-T



]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C0P


]

L


]



M;G1R:6)U=&EO;B!C87!I=&%L/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$




]


]

M86QI9VX]




]

L('-H87)E

]
T1N=6UP/C
V
M+#`P

]
T1T

]
T1T


M



]


]


]



]

#`L
#`P
















]


]


]


]

]
M

]


]



]
T1T

]
T1T
















]
M

]
M











]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS















]


]


]





]
T1T

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^14)#)W,@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K('-O;&0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#`P




]








]





M;7`^


]


]


]


]


]






]


]


]


]



]

]
T1T97AT
















]

]
T1T97AT/CQS


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C9#4X-3-A-5]A
&8P7S0X93E?8F5E
M9E\V-C9C93@S968U




M.F]F9FEC92(^#0H@/&\Z36%I;D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1(N+B]7;W)K8F]O:RYH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970P
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#0N

T0B4VAE970P.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q
M,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3,N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M
38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$W+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

L87)T7V-D-3@U
V$U7V$P9C!?-#AE.5]B965F7S8V-F-E.#-E9C4R-BTM#0H`
`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The Company's financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has an accumulated deficit of $83
The Company's continued existence is dependent upon its ability to continue to execute its operating plan and to obtain additional debt or equity financing. There can be no assurance the necessary debt or equity financing will be available
 or will be available on terms acceptable to the Company.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
$ 33
782
        


        
14
433
        


        
48
215
        


        
        
        


        
4
350
1
333


        
1
579
        


        
18
000
        


        
23
929
1
833


        
100
000
        


        
123
929
1
833


        
        
        


Preferred Stock
 authorized 5
000
000 shares
 series A
 $0.001 par value
0 issued and outstanding as of December 30
 2014 and 0 issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2013 respectively
        
        


Common Stock
 authorized 100
000
000 shares
 $0.0001 par value
436
000 issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2014 and 10
000
000 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2013
 respectively
        
1
000


        
7
606
        


        
(83
364)
(2
833)


        
(75
714)
(1
833)


        
$ 48
215
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding current portion. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      










        
        
        


        
$ (2
833)
$ (80
531)


        
        
        


        
1
000
3
600


        
        
3
050


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
(14
433)


        
1
333
4
596


        
        
(83
718)


        
        
        


        
        
100
000


        
        
17
500


        
        
117
500


        
        
33
782


        
        
        


        
        
33
782


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
1
000
3
600


        
        
$ 3
050




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Evans Brewing Company
 Inc. (formerly ALPINE 3 Inc.) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on June 18
 2013. Alpine 3 Inc. was set up to serve as a vehicle to effect an asset acquisition
 merger
 exchange of capital stock or other business combination with a domestic or foreign business. ALPINE 3 did not undertake any effort to cause a market to develop in its securities
 either debt or equity
 before it successfully concluded a business combination. On April 4
 2014 The Michael J. Rapport Trust purchased 10
000
000 which was all of the outstanding shares of Alpine 3
 Inc. and changed the name to Evans Brewing Company Inc. (EBC) on May 29
 2014. On October 9
 2014 the &#8220;Trust&#8221; agreed to the cancellation of 9
600
000 of the shares of common stock that it had acquired and retained 400
000 shares of common stock. Since inception
Bayhawk and EBC entered into the Agreement on October 15
 2014
 subject to receiving approval of the Bayhawk shareholders. Assuming that the approval of the Bayhawk shareholders is obtained
 pursuant to the Agreement
 Bayhawk will sell to EBC
 and EBC will purchase from Bayhawk all of the assets of Bayhawk
 including but not limited to: (A) all assets
 including personal property
 intellectual property
 inventory
 contracts
 websites
 documents
 and all other assets however delineated relating to the Bayhawk Ales label (as defined in the Agreement and discussed in more detail below); and (B) all assets
 including personal property
 intellectual property
 inventory
 contracts
 websites
 documents
 and all other assets however delineated relating to the Evans Brands (as defined in the Agreement and discussed in more detail below); and(C) 100% of the stock in Evans Brewing CO (CA) which has the brewers license at City Brewery in Lacrosse
 WI (where all of the EBC brands will be brewed) (collectively
 the &#8220;




        
          

        
          
            

 parent and subsidiary relationships
 business divisions
 business units
 business segments
 affiliates and information about significant ownership of the reporting entity.  Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


Preferred stock
 par value
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares authorized
5
000
000
5
000
000


Preferred stock
 shares issued
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares outstanding
        
        


Common stock
 par value
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized
100
000
000
100
000
000


Common stock
 shares issued
436
000
10
000
000


Common stock
 shares outstanding
436
000
10
000
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        

      


 2014

          



















        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

  2015

  2015
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
8
000
10
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
1
579
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
100
000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

  2017
        


        
        
        
        

 closest to the time of conversion
 b) If publicly-traded
 then the bid price of its common stock on the closing day of the conversion.
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

  2017
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 type of debt or equity security into which the debt is convertible
 the dollars of debt or the number of shares into which the instrument is convertible (or potentially convertible into)
 the conversion period
 any contingencies associated with the conversion terms
 and the existence and amount of a beneficial conversion feature.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
 -Paragraph 19
 20
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding current portion.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

  2014
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        
436
000
        




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
$ 20
255


        
30
000


        
        


        
        


        
$ 2
833




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 record keeping
 or administrative services
 and fund accounting fees
 SEC filings
 and other maintenance costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
72
885


        
        
3
600


        
2
833
2
467


        
2
833
78
952


        
(2
833)
(78
952)


        
        
        


        
        
(1
579)


        
        
(1
579)


        
(2
833)
(80
531)


        
        
        


        
$ (2
833)
$ (80
531)


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
10
000
000
7
379
627




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 general and administrative expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income (expense) recognized for the period. Such amounts may include: (a) dividends
 (b) interest on securities
 (c) net gains or losses on securities
 (d) unusual costs
 (e) gains or losses on foreign exchange transactions
 and (f) miscellaneous other income and expense items.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions
 for example
 pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a)
(b)
(c)
(d))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
&#160;- The Company is authorized to issue 5
000
000 shares of $.001 par value preferred stock. As of December 31
 2014
 and December 31
 2013
&#160;- The Company is authorized to issue 100
000
000 shares of $.0001 par value common stock. As of December 31
 2014
 and December 31
 2013
 436
000 and 10
000
000 shares were issued and outstanding
Upon formation of the Company on June 18
 2013
 the Board of Directors issued 10
000
000 shares of common stock for $1
000 in services to the founding shareholder of the Company. In addition
 the founding shareholder made a contribution of $3
050 in 2014 to the Company
On April 4 2014
 the founding shareholder entered into a Share Purchase Agreement pursuant to which he sold an aggregate of 10
000
000 shares of EBC&#8217;s common stock to The Michael J. Rapport Trust (the &#8220;Trust&#8221;) for a purchase price of $40
000. Pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement
 The Trust became the sole shareholder of EBC
On September 22
 2014
 the Company cancelled 9
600
000 shares of common stock for no consideration. On September 23
 2014
 the Company issued 6
000 shares of common stock to directors of the Company for services valued at $600 ($0.10 per share). On September 23
 2014
 the Company issued 30
000 shares of common stock for services to Tech Associates Inc.
 a company
 controlled by Richard Chiang
 a director of the Company
 valued at $3
000 ($0.10 per share).




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
During the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company incurred $20
255 for advisory services and SEC filing services
 that were paid to Tech Associates
 Inc.
 a company controlled by Richard Chiang
 a director of the Company. The Company also compensated Tech Associates
 Inc. with 30
000 shares of common stock during the year ended December 31
 2014. Tech Associates
 Inc. incurred $2
833 for advisory services in the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0001213900-15-002569-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0````(`
Z%B4:;M]@X(#P``(]T`@`1`!P`979A;BTR
#$T
3(S
2YX
M;6Q55`D``R3E)E4DY295=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``[%UY;^.XDO]_@/D.W+Q]
M




M[M!A56A4@59

Y@BFHR3-!'I0I4(7MLFJ/:J[%?;LF-2BKBV&


MXM8CDVYR-[]N!G46Y;I

SJXCIB1A^HF=')DY4'2IU1


MP#%'97VU95&55T+]O?

IP)HO@1)S\4
MII/.KUN?:J#%6_NUYD'M0W6R
PY839X!N

MDG'_:HPGS%I?P:3$LK7G4G[Z\D^UL73-D`X)_]RP
*3NR!8UOP4[:?N;R'


M(3;`L/NV3P7KVZ;!Q)N2E#3F8N&Y$UFY]0E=R\.9#
U#.D'ZA'L*C(C*YVYD

M/V7Z&K

M^9C&E\^(+7XIIID2Z&QCFOH


]$X]MUR*U@B3;W&A

MY]DCI_`7STRT^-/EMWT

M6)-%S+
!VF%2BO?R=%SKM5*
2S$NQLB!($?4\0)&;B\7YWHS)/_^AEH/0;Z4
M/O.!-RAWQ'KLB



MFI(^Y%


IMX6;NV,(XUOEF\)E(^^5#8AH5D_F-8IZ<*R.;M7E:


]OPK&V8$*:I+9LX5`FD#QPSDVKE)



UUX7_-QSTZ9N(J(EGMTD:-G4(.@`



%?FG-9N-QIA_B3BB0-M2


D*Z*A
;K5I*
MI+#DQF=.N]SD^%*Y5]N*JT%9=3NV]@YB?$N&$L6+P7W(V?A[^4Y
*B5FP(P
M9;15BRQ\FQYDK3JHNS7


MLB#2LVBNQ(_SSS9,7B40&/(U@9W:K.3G
Q;#
NLKRB[,D!5YM;=;VXTX
M.
E`HE@G+WZ`3^0-/&5U3UD/ST:+$




[%=IQJEQJS:1%)J/*V
*4BU(
12H
MFR'%\?\%W#Z:##%GP?%


M@Z*
K4$V%+V:(?`/!V:E3^=IT5719[$W


9I?XZD+S3_JO3'$X3U_?U6U-V/`XCMQ=$[I3&!QRQ)U1-9

=`VZ&1;!7!SX@3L94@9$)`IPRL3'$]+@<O`%7/SU!%S5.LB

M

1ESW$6LI`/_.^$/?


XX




MG8*_389_X






!C$]8G&TH^_62Z1PZ1[M!D'[=TV[3%(?F;
M?T/@B/1@V$J/#K@Y/0_NWP`=MEB3P2<%FK]O$U4R3:1H+1[06O)_V*'1*LY


MP9^V

8(U$`L_N-PU@X(*RF_8U5H(?;#^H#J@5S]?YXS`$5#]R*8J$F?X`


M/;IC3]SMPW0&Q!:PPCJVQJ?
8=%'[7?&W#`@\+!LUR??I=\`K#5$@+9P$:I.

]
M-V@'N$NTBK[@D5PP-DKF`9F/Z!:9DZQ=PF7?68.[0F




1WVZ=
W







M\T
A9++QU5\*Z-#/#)I`$X?91C1B(Z&RF0

M40K.H^S;GNEG&T

P:X11IH`^4FZB


U6_][C`'BC4_)NZZ+=OMZ*#/@^N
87YH
AJ)
JFG9Q


M>VBT=K:LDK
6$'2VK&_9%#DBNN,CKD-!Q+9BX92%.4EJD:%PXK


;3.B2+5%;HFZO9TGK/9Y')N
M-?+4L*'F7*(\[Y
BA#Z8&=+8QI`/#`BAG\[_=OI)8&GM0=:T8'/@SC/)#.


E'


UDJ;:*8`$-




M^+

+2*
+L*W*3MQ.BN1/]1ZPIP4A+0HD=6NE!

@6T]#
F#I[GE.

2+F
;ITC?+=.F[73M^F!29R1BJV;63F*X_'TX6.F!DIY!$


M/D_8F95FUFDF?=`7VJ]D'G
\63J_M_+/^$B[)WS/9+]#6C/5BE=1&WWG/M*;

*DT:DZY*;G5ET]\D%-SX1FTZ&8#^!KV?
MMD[Z,RG!W6#5\L2UXG+K%H][L(;.0)):H^O:Q%A^W-)RI6J%37KW3=3YD(&




X%8

MI'&NQAIPG^NIFV/%IEDHG:
*\U2]AQX(9O'MB_$4C+I1L/H^E+BVA-/K5:


5%X-C80'9]EJ(&7
MN`7/C/A.O;&*U^3O!:/QV$9W_8;NLRAH@;NHLPNG3-$S#$^.7@OVM/90:
V8



MLPU.8H\90UI_H1%XU(JW40U2X%O;+'SI7X/!M^T.Z'GXR)SIZ#D!Z/;%36

ML415V-0^;\/

F:_S30F/A!]C^;$'1:-



PMH!D--P2+!H8OK6(X-ZZ^5M%7IMRQ@JN=+R&K;-%&





1*06P:8LL@5*4DR;&!G/$HC[/DH0+

Z9ZI4H4\8#0W^$+$Q-Q[&M



8PE/%T`_I



MHQOT&






M=_W;!??\17Z;BVRP#W]?=_.^]F]1'V%E2IP.RQR^H\?;FYWMW5U)OHPNXB++
M%YCS@EL+P#G2/]@+1K$$E_3G'=VR%'DVIB/IF1I.2)X5V3!&D6&'K(=AMQ.$


MU]_72:Y&BF4#\UY_:??ATOQ+=F_NJUSUDI7UB]RH:8YQ`4\;
(O^(_T`.
L[





7?B-/*\VH;3I42Y%Q=%]$-

M/1U*1L
I$)&5&H?0L

SL
82]
Y3KQHY4\'K_=J54@U

'5V5=0DU8HRS;E@T]?LH+Z6)'=OD8;=4^



M440KA94[6^U^%B$EY^8(7KX((.
GB=*S14MG)JC32N==C9QR0TZJ#D]!=D


MN





UR)FW;KV4EZC3L'80




M?\%OMR_B]I3HB[@]K3TT6CN#/E&4TRFT`IBH#LJS1DUFMWRK!FF*N0K3*D@4

#1?TF[6='(BX
#JL:%PXH+ZP8F[$'B
:6Q+YR
4P&7A!(F$18\ZL92

.J`1HT#Y%I
IR;?EZ5`EKHD`]P


M)=2V
=*K3YZ)WTF8M4GT&_`!(Q7IVIE

9RQ&K1*J



`D-RSQ1PZ=9N





M=HJ608D

MY=



5/XAI
MQD`1J:0&SD




0K[3U\Y8
G1*^7

8)L
R
1[5B.SX)E3;3YACSDJ(26W1RI3I

8[6^X%HZG+!7]#=^^&[K




+


G(\[


MPYWQ=):PG$$^!G%D/%T#CG3CDE45W)MF5=W?_PAJ`B;1B\4E]/7'C,=I[E+
M(,-OAF#3``VEE0SGQMW7*O[*E-'5N;SR$O+*9HI7JUF1U&&`V!0=1(S%QJZ
MC86`U.W3=Z1.\P;[K'H::NV'/YWB!O1.VO8!K+5J'S
R


M5

B9B+OS_:?/3+
MRV?
[JK=?[8=N


F6

LR4*.Y@^KF02(LUX$

VOPN(7\(JDC:F^

M.V=SB_W^0?L[H94PS-E-K.C=YR]OL]%WZ-9S;UG15MUET+*93]_K76-#+VZR
M5741IJ^




MT%Z(=ZGI+




MBK=6`F




:3F3^7SVZLF3R\O+[L=!

$%`````@`SH6)
M1J?U)PKV!0``MTL``!4`'`!E=F%N+3(P
30Q
C







2-&2P1=KYLED`X
M]'W&)'0-61GR!I.3@3@DXR27#&LOA[RQM#+:(I=+##P?/;3A*N.V)YM4U\N

M1=
=2
!XEA?A(
MBC:$C1P$XO-GN/@'8JQ;


MQ4

X
MMEO7PQ<NBY_9_&D^5


^AGGQ07U&LU)KG4F/GQU!4L&-@[\(W]W





U`*??P'5O*/_P%02P,$%`````@`SH6)1J2&HUKAP``/JP``!4`
M'`!E=F%N+3(P
30Q
C
Q7V1E9BYX;6Q55`D``R3E)E4DY295=7@+``$$)0X`

V$G[?JOT/+LVSK)%F)G-4G)3&1TI;]LAE:Y*\L2BR92%#



M_#@GP3$F=X/1V[?O!GG!7EKRRV.$2J4?WN5EAX
_KRYOO26LW#X*(^J&WJ86
M%R.J-_S\^?

MLUZLC$^?OZ8HX



M1-L0TW&K)I



]+/S_\;HN2WJ*:L4DZC)


M?E7:7PFXVBKKO.^&']%^;YL;J36(.1%J;X_AC'T?I5]^[2)_$IZZ:T3=0$E*




?P*M776$^4,NW%

.W)?&6R@BC\J
%5'X#.@D]O()+'%415BKG#(UZ0^K0LJUW
MUOB?9(T_*






Z
M7!\4-;?(I9KHI4[5VY3J+-5!?\8O-F5%:Q?TM6?(V:6]K9F]ZS:\A=/RE?N(

MHGFR1;.ZX;2+JL8MTU$;E#VF\SV



OXE3S


MM09/


^XJM5;'!1
MO#[HHZSW^J!/1VS-$.4Q@$GHHWOD\\U`]5)!6+XC_T4G2P0I`)M)^0/19;*)

M3K;$#9+Z&:H#)-(*9A

M\UBKY;7#PY;E1C9FR9;)JS.Z+-Q=Y\%QY2ZN7-!T3J78&
B-1'<6;9HC=OM&M/<3O\1-,SA#BC[ZSZV3._V]J-][&IGXW'480]
MQ`;7:!)ZU7M:27'3;\


2=)1TT=8
MKX$D^FMS*!-@

M\PM


Z3)=/;8PYSS9X

$%`````@`SH6)

OCAQ?O5U=EW+]!___B?

QR^
M0*SD^[N9$L[;(UUZ-6/:(@:WN*$Q
$T:E?5BO2@=5YF7I)UJ'5)?J!ZK^+
MUO5N0Y4%WGN%W;[N6&:E/J['[-CU(]EC7K%Y/ZX8\M#SU.SW:_K\HYKA
MSQF.`AP4=6.2&F_)%7

J?L+

JBXY1$3^*P[#7Z+X4[3$
M7AI'.)BEZ0XG-OZJ01'\?(\:HR)R9P)GOS,)5(@@(5.UM<Z0GG!R'^^GUQU
MYL#L5H-M&DYSJ;0



MTPJB3D4[$UQ[Z3U'N$O/'CQO*^P0AUE:?%(UR/SCWQBS8A9Z+]97)/(BG]#X


MBY.H03:IZFP

/9ULXB#(/J


M0



J.YB&LW_0T6






M.


%A11&%
Y##@E@GU-J9?)%3(#MU/[G#FD0@'4R]AIQG2





MZ35T=/F03E+2XI=@Q\C56#IPHQPZC8;G#+F:;-'Z*2(X')2F=NC/B.5@1[`
MOM8US-&J@F8%/4Z]19X^NNEVWN$R



N4H4!C%ML;`JP\B%/1BN5M`=(.I(E3`.?=.B!S.O*R
MNOZ@=0






M_?IF51Z:&B2(Z@O)AR*(E7%JU&\+(

WU7'@I


M2*9=!`.T$G8=I^D5!3B)(UJ;':U07K
XLHYE3#1\Y`1:L72V9=,[O$[`$=

Y`=8IX`BYBVF9
M#`C



.3CL7+AI9((=J






M1RA:2S
B%KF&H7O
KY@\/&8X&--7Z3W@^8[=_[-8U\YU*WN2S)E8*H6B(EOL




MR!K;7#4


C


D?HRB.)&+<Y
7[I`3RW9+&7Z(N4)VCB

9.YP@/$&!XMDXH6A9


)0[@\PGV8G2TS-ZMTKMN*H8/5-(F).M`)$B.\;7OJ


M?LI^]UF/W.;/0O?/Z


E*+S


M#&H




MS++@\^7QV_)BW/MB






U5DB6T:UTPW-L)8M(0W2V`(B_Z6D890?






)



?2U1#HAU&)$O1?9E'?W!]H?30D&,TMBQ%7;V9KC

(Z#6`7PNA0U:9&=IN-1P

X^#*3ET1TN
N2


'U=.1!SI

$\)F7)YP&?B['0G8=1;.

M$K$2=X/I&PQ$4D&
EW0`OUCS];J+YWKAHMB*;5.W62/K[YF0ZVH]MIQL041(
MH#@IUL7%$U`A.T+L(?P
)
\Z=_^



M.



MD+HBMOB1EJX
H+[JG]C/5O$=WE(;??12O$@F;.HX#*6#%)7?[/&!4-369YM5


M;E](F\1S=I`DNT%`ATW6EF/`0SKYH3O2!_ILE@^#!#AJ.4R7JHF'CFNJK6Q
M4FA?S*5M8G8X;A)'NHNUG5C0CDQ^\'$:;77E3)UT'L0`(L/2G6N#5C8=\X-
M^ZN-K!_5[TN#&$



M0UK7G2CJ#D:


MH
M]UUZP/VO$;(-8?52L)N;V]SO3=
M6A]DDRKK[)]59&P<ZC6%XUU@?AR<Z3&ENA$!LMA@+JS$:^-V:K)P%31\%-;


MPE:;CV#EQ$T]14E7

]'O*S\6

ADG'.SW*]8Y35-8VB7FWI\#E.N_8.M*[B_(9.:Z23V:7
ME*):WF]:H0.'<RE$.LTS8

?2X]3:)

MAZVGO+BZ%2UV`UZ_EAJE-


M5
.
D6]P]AA3?_2$TXPEJ%A\BNCX[9%L]4E994[40B$4?]M@KG&8F/04PN@@

M_P]02P
$%`````@`SH6)1C`%YZQ3&```(XP!`!4`'`!E=F%N+3(P
30Q
C
Q




MS=[E7_]+^KI7TX2O%S%0NW\LP5#LR\GZD@7'[PP^LD/[;)0VS)2+ID$17
M),7IZPV94;;,=3YY)^K]?G_SIKR0?V3HF9/P(:3+4_'W4VT5I^W4.P]BT?@/
MX32Q%*?NDQ+!2XHB1!)4%2K=1PP#GB!4AP&L:5:-C6U5/8A#5(DJ$A&L]$*


MNS?C1K*E
B
V#PC^


-HYZ:D
M3')/0XF;8J9:]C2PE-5/T$N:6:^J+OS/N@T4M98C9.:LNUS%CQ503-1;N(
MS<)GL5D8_)@#*3^^#1Z11.GMG<?G6EV%T.D_WQUPS%BF/+]1#-5MZ0/JC-?








F@FYMR2V1KRE0;]--M/_9V




0QAXX2/N+L





KA[6WK
M=(AX.)M



%93NT:JV^%^










M2&]XB@80IWN4B%XT?

MY$BQ#%)AZ3:EE:#;;TC


$B0!]O00?-UF0+X'8;H/UD9*CAJJU$P'Z?4/&O]@*B

'DO*G&9[







0B

M7!T'+'UU
()M













G@KCQ.T

MDV

@9VI7YVYS51]'

M$-@S4WLQ@AUD?0C2JD.L''.(43`9S8I/$H[K&@G\]H9@41?8PU-[L0];P'W(
MFK!YFBEOOHN

MU7:NC#C.E;Z4/A(I+0?VFE1+DM1@?+W^)3'3YGZM@@&+%OFKU3,[0*3P@6*
M,A%;;7=X;$P,T:0^Z%C#YNF9&\/MMLOZT`$ST%D9FK)L#K$P`^^/I32)J`'V
M?[M19:8;/OQ1L6JZQ`R%O/(J$]VY06A@QCES2M9(TDU[T7XB__X)N`(11M.




M/+D$ZU[KU`-
91)0HT^L5A#:V67_E-*VUMWV1+SA*1I`=&5*\D@HPYU:G1RX







M/_*5#__E_P%02P
$%`````@`SH6)1E^]OIE?!P``)#L``!$`'`!E=F%N+3(P
M
30Q
C


IL*H

MX\:)^2K$T6J69@K8BLE

M1([)`MY;=D^F5$Q`GXLK(]F/J8PC+*NQY.6
FSK?K=+^#.RU9B!72+@@995_





M/#^P1WA'`\V360R#_-G4'57:G`1%#\)W#&GK+HD+$:NYY2C?Y6^9A=QPH2(_


/9B



M*_Y4=A$U91C22^^%3=^Z(8TUBO

K7S[F+L?#^U2A;AU(;*?G-A8`+J
MU[ULIUP!P\+^0D#M%?.
;=*+U70JTSRU.B
V:&JY(@(=*'UA:XEJD=FDA%T#
MF[[56C*.6=#G@M4:938I##J!U#-,ZZ#[^=:V&V_\-=V[]02P$'@,4````
M`#.A8E&F[?8.`\``/=`(`$0`8```````!````I($`````979A;BTR
#$T
M
3(S

MA8E&I_4GO8%``W2P``%0`8```````!````I(%K/```979A;BTR
#$T
3(S
M

DY295=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L!`AX#%`````@`

30Q
M
C

`7GK%
8```CC`$`%0`8```````!````I('(=0``979A;BTR
#$T
M
3(S

DY295=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L!`AX#%```
M``@`SH6)1E^]OIE?!P``)#L``!$`&````````0```*2!:HX``&5V86XM
C`Q
M-#$R

DY295=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L%!@`````&``8`
*&@(``!26````````
`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        

      






























        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares authorized
5
000
000
5
000
000
        
        
        
        
        


Preferred stock
 par value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized
100
000
000
100
000
000
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 par value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
10
000
000
436
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
10
000
000
436
000
        
        
        
        
400
000


Stock issued for services
 shares
        
3
600
        
        
        
        
        


Stock issued for services
 value
$ 1
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
2
550
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock issued for services
 shares
10
000
000
36
000
        
        
        
        
        


Stock issued for services
 value
1
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
9
600
000
        
        
        
        


Common Stock [Member] | Tech Associates
 Inc [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock issued for services
 shares
        
        
        
30
000
        
        
        


Stock issued for services
 value
        
        
        
3
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock issued for services
 shares
        
        
        
6
000
        
        
        


Stock issued for services
 value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock issued for services
 shares
        
        
        
        
        
10
000
000
        


Stock issued for services
 value
        
        
        
        
        
1
000
        


        
        
        
        
        
10
000
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
40
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock issued for services
 value
        
3
596
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
$ 3
050
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 fair value of noncash assets received
 and fair value of liabilities assumed by the investor.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        

      






















        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
436
000
10
000
000
        


        
        
400
000
436
000
10
000
000
        


        
        
9
600
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
10
000
000




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 subject to recall).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Pursuant to a share exchange agreement entered in to by Bayhawk and Evans Brewing Company (EBC) on October 15
 2014
 EBC filed a copy of the Asset Purchase Agreement as an annex to a combination registration statement and proxy statement on Form S-4 (the &#8220;Registration Statement&#8221;)
 which was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#8220;Commission&#8221;) on January 30
 2015. In the Asset Purchase Agreement
 EBC agreed to purchase from Bayhawk
 and Bayhawk agreed to sell to EBC
 substantially all of the assets of Bayhawk as well as its liabilities (the &#8220;Asset Purchase Transaction&#8221;)
 conditioned on receiving approval of a majority of the independent shareholders of Bayhawk. In connection with the Asset Purchase Transaction
 EBC agreed to make the Exchange Offer to the shareholders of Bayhawk. The Company anticipates that the merger will be concluded during the month of April
On February 19
 2015
 Richard Chiang resigned as a director of Evans Brewing Company Inc (&#8220;EBC&#8221;)
 effective immediately. In a letter dated February 19
 2015
 Mr. Chiang indicated that he no longer desired to serve on the Board of Directors of EBC
 and tendered his resignation. The letter did not indicate any disagreement with EBC. The Board of Directors accepted Mr. Chiang&#8217;s resignation. Also on February 19
 2015
 Mr. Chiang
 in correspondence to the Board of Directors of EBC
 indicated his intention to terminate the Advisory Agreement
 effective February 28
 2015.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
This summary of accounting policies for Evans Brewing Company
 Inc. is presented to assist in understanding the Company&#8217;s financial statements. The Company uses the accrual basis of accounting and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP accounting) and have been consistently applied in the preparation of the financial statements.


        
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates are used when accounting for allowances for bad debts
 collectability of accounts receivable
 amounts due to service providers
 depreciation and litigation contingencies
 among others.


        
For purposes of the statement of cash flows
 the Company considers all highly liquid debt instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents to the extent the funds are not being held for investment purposes. The Company has no any cash equivalents as of December 31
 2014 and 2013.


        
Fair value of certain of the Company&#8217;s financial instruments including cash
 account payable
 accrued expenses
 notes payables
 and other accrued liabilities approximate cost because of their short maturities. The Company measures and reports fair value in accordance with ASC 820
 &#8220;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosure&#8221; defines fair value
Fair value
 as defined in ASC 820
 is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value of an asset should reflect its highest and best use by market participants
 principal (or most advantageous) markets
 and an in-use or an in-exchange valuation premise. The fair value of a liability should reflect the risk of nonperformance
 which includes
 among other things
Valuation techniques are generally classified into three categories: the market approach; the income approach; and the cost approach. The selection and application of one or more of the techniques may require significant judgment and are primarily dependent upon the characteristics of the asset or liability
Level 1:
 Quoted
Fair value measurements are required to be disclosed by the Level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall. Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (in Level 3 measurements) are subject to expanded disclosure requirements including a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances
 separately presenting changes during the period attributable to the following: (i) total gains or losses for the period (realized and unrealized)
 segregating those gains or losses included in earnings
 and a description of where those gains or losses included in earning are reported in the statement of income.


        
        


        
In June 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-10
 Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements. ASU 2014-10 eliminates the distinction of a development stage entity and certain related disclosure requirements
 including the elimination of inception-to-date information on the statements of operations
 cash flows and stockholders' equity. The amendments in ASU 2014-10 will be effective prospectively for annual reporting periods beginning after&#160;December 15
 2014
 and interim periods within those annual periods
The Company early adopted ASU 2014-10 during the year ended December 31
 2014
The Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standard Update (ASU) 2014-15 on August 27
 2014
 providing guidance on determining when and how to disclose going-concern uncertainties in the financial statements. The new standard requires management to perform interim and annual assessments of an entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date the financial statements are issued. An entity must provide certain disclosures if &#8220;conditions or events raise substantial doubt about [the] entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern.&#8221; The ASU applies to all entities and is effective for annual periods ending after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods thereafter
The Company has implemented all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect.
 &#160;These
 pronouncements did not have any material impact on the financial statements unless otherwise disclosed
 and the Company does not believe that there are any other new accounting pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
$ (83
364)
$ (2
833)




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          


          


          


          


          



Begining Balance at Jun. 18
 2013
        
        
        
        


Beginning Balance
 Shares at Jun. 18
 2013
        
        
        
        


        
1
000
1
000
        
        


Shares issued for services
 Shares
        
10
000
000
        
        


        
(2
833)
        
        
        


Ending Balance at Dec. 31
 2013
(1
833)
1
000
        
(2
833)


Ending Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2013
        
10
000
000
        
        


        
        
        
3
596
        


Shares issued for services
 Shares
3
600
36
000
        
        


        
3
050
        
3
050
        


        
        
        
        
        


Stock cancellation
 Shares
        
(9
600
000)
        
        


        
(80
531)
        
        
(80
531)


Ending Balance at Dec. 31
 2014
$ (75
714)
        
$ 7
606
$ (83
364)


Ending Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2014
        
436
000
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
On July 21
 2014
 Michael J. Rapport the Chief Executive Officer
 sole director and controlling shareholder of the Company
 advanced the Company a $100
000 a long term&#160;unsecured loan with a 1.5% interest rate per annum
 due no later than July 21
 2017. The loan is convertible into common shares of the Company at any time after the second year&#8217;s anniversary at a price based upon either: a) The price of its most recent private placement offering
 closest to the time of conversion
 b) If publicly-traded
 then the bid price of its common stock on the closing day of the conversion. As at December 31
 2014
 the Company accrued $670 of interest which is included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities. All interest is due no later than July 21
Michael J. Rapport also advanced the Company $10
000 on April 21
 2014 and $8
000 on June 13
 2014. Both payments are secured by an 8% interest bearing note that is due on April 21
 2015 and June 13
 2015 respectively. The Company accrued $353 of interest on the note $8
000 and $556 of interest on the note $10
000 which are both included in accounts payable and accrued expenses. All interest on the $10
000 note is due as of April 21
 2015 and all interest on the $8
000 note is due on June 13
As of the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company has accrued an interest balance of $1
579 on the three notes due Mr. Rapport. As of December 31
 2013
 the Company had an accrued interest balance of $0 pertaining




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    




    






    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  





