

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-17-003840
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		66
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20170417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20170417
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Evans Brewing Co Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001580490
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MALT BEVERAGES [2082]
		IRS NUMBER:				463031328
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54995
		FILM NUMBER:		17763798
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2000 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92614
		BUSINESS PHONE:		949-442-7565
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2000 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92614
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Evans Brewing Company
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140421
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALPINE 3 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130701









     






UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D. C. 20549

FORM
10-K

(Mark
One)


    
    ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

    

For
    the fiscal year ended December 31
 2016

    
    

TRANSITION
    REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

    

For
    the transition period from to


Commission
file number: 000-54995



EVANS
BREWING COMPANY INC.
(Formerly
ALPINE 3
 INC.)
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)&nbsp;



    
    
    

(State
    or Other Jurisdiction of
    
(I.R.S.
    Employer

Incorporation
    or Organization)
    
Identification
    No.)




Evans
    Brewing Company Inc.
    
    

3815
    S Main Street
 Santa Ana CA
    
    

(Address
    of Principal Executive Offices)
    
(Zip
    Code)


Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code: (949) 442 7565&nbsp;


(Former
name
 former address and former fiscal year
 if changed since last report)&nbsp;

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:


Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act:

Common
Stock
 $0.0001 par value per share



Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes &#9744; No 
Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes &#9744;
No 
Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 2 months (or for such
&thorn;

Indicated
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during
the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filings pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not
be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. &#9744;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller
reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;



Large
    Accelerated Filer
    
Accelerated
    Filer
    

Non-accelerated
    Filer 
    
Smaller
    Reporting Company
    

(do
    not check if a smaller reporting company)
    


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes &#9744; No 
The aggregate
market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates as of June 30
 2015
 was $0.&nbsp;For purposes
of the foregoing calculation only
 directors and executive officers and holders of 10% or more of the issuer&rsquo;s common capital
stock have been deemed affiliates.&nbsp;
The
number of shares of the Registrant&rsquo;s common stock outstanding as of March 31
 2017
 was 4
784
293.



    
    


EVANS
BREWING COMPANY INC.
FISCAL
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2016
FORM
10-K

TABLE
OF CONTENTS



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES
    

    
    





    
    


PART
I

Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

Information
included or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. All forward-looking
statements are inherently uncertain as they are based on current expectations and assumptions concerning future events or future
performance of the Company. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which are only
predictions and speak only as of the date hereof. Forward-looking statements may contain the words &ldquo;believes
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo;
&ldquo;expects
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipates
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimates
&rdquo; &ldquo;forecasts
&rdquo; &ldquo;intends
&rdquo; &ldquo;strategy
&rdquo;
&ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;would
&rdquo; &ldquo;will be
&rdquo; &ldquo;will continue
&rdquo;
&ldquo;will likely result
&rdquo; and similar expressions
 and are subject to numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties.
Additionally
 statements relating to implementation of business strategy
 future financial performance
 acquisition strategies
capital raising transactions
 performance of contractual obligations
 and similar statements may contain forward-looking statements.
In evaluating such statements
 prospective investors and shareholders should carefully review various risks and uncertainties
identified in this Report
 including the matters set forth under the captions &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; and in the Company&rsquo;s
other SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause the Company&rsquo;s actual results to differ materially from those
indicated in the forward-looking statements. The Company disclaims any obligation to update or publicly announce revisions to
any forward-looking statements to reflect future events or developments.

Although
forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K reflect the good faith judgment of our management
 such statements
can only be based on facts and factors currently known by us. Consequently
 forward-looking statements are inherently subject
to risks and uncertainties
 and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in or
anticipated by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes
include
 without limitation
 those specifically addressed under the heading &ldquo;Risk Factors Related to Our Business&rdquo;
below
 as well as those discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance
on these forward-looking statements
 which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We file reports with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;). You can read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC&rsquo;s
Public Reference Room
 100 F. Street
 NE
 Washington
 D.C. 20549. You can obtain additional information about the operation of
the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition
 the SEC maintains an Internet site (www.sec.gov)
that contains reports
 proxy and information statements
 and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with
the SEC
 including us.

We
disclaim any obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that
may arise after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures
made throughout the entirety of this Annual Report
 which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may
affect our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and prospects.



ITEM
    
    


Corporate
Overview and History of Evans Brewing Company
 Inc. (Formerly ALPINE 3
 Inc.).

Evans
Brewing Company
 Inc. (formerly ALPINE 3 Inc.) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on June 18
 2013. Alpine
3 Inc. was set up to serve as a vehicle to effect an asset acquisition
 merger
 exchange of capital stock or other business combination
with a domestic or foreign business. ALPINE 3 did not undertake any effort to cause a market to develop in its securities
 either
debt or equity
 before it successfully concluded a business combination. On April 4
 2014
 The Michael J. Rapport Trust (the &ldquo;Trust&rdquo;)
purchased 10
000
000 shares of common stock which was all of the outstanding shares of Alpine 3
 Inc.
 and subsequently changed
the name to Evans Brewing Company Inc. (&ldquo;EBC&rdquo;) on May 29
 2014. On October 9
 2014 the Trust agreed to the cancellation
of 9
600
000 of the shares of common stock that it had acquired and retained 400
000 shares of common stock.



    
    


On
October 15
 2014
 Bayhawk and EBC entered into an Asset Purchase and Share Exchange Agreement (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;)
 subject
to receiving approval of the independent Bayhawk shareholders who voted on the transaction. On September 17
 2015
 the independent
Bayhawk shareholders approved the agreement by a vote of 251
212 shares for and 1
600 shares against. As such
 Bayhawk sold to
EBC
 and EBC purchased from Bayhawk
 assets of Bayhawk
 including but not limited to: (A) all assets
 including personal property
intellectual property
 inventory
 contracts
 websites
 documents
 and all other assets however delineated relating to the Bayhawk
Ales label (as defined in the Agreement and discussed in more detail below); and (B) all assets
 including personal property
intellectual property
 inventory
 contracts
 websites
 documents
 and all other assets however delineated relating to the Evans
Brands (as defined in the Agreement and discussed in more detail below) (collectively
 the &ldquo;Transferred Assets&rdquo;).
Bayhawk retained ownership of 100% of the stock in Evans Brewing Co. (CA) (&ldquo;Evans Brewing California&rdquo;) which has the
brewers license at City Brewery in Lacrosse
 WI (where the non-craft brands will be brewed
 with the balance of the craft brands
being brewed in Irvine
 California). Based on the affirmative vote by the independent Bayhawk shareholders to approve the Asset
Purchase transaction
 EBC proceeded with the share exchange and tender offer to the Bayhawk shareholders
 pursuant to which EBC
offered to exchange shares of EBC common stock for shares of Bayhawk common stock
 on a one-for-one basis (the &ldquo;Exchange
Offer&rdquo;). Bayhawk shareholders had until December 2
 2015
 to tender their Bayhawk shares in the share exchange. Bayhawk
shareholders also had until December 2
 2015
 to rescind the exchange of shares. There was no minimum number of shares of Bayhawk
common stock that must be tendered for the Exchange Offer to close. At the close of the share exchange on December 2
 2015
 Premier
Stock Transfer accepted on behalf of EBC 4
033
863 Bayhawk shares and issued 4
033
863 shares of EBC common stock upon the terms
and subject to the conditions set forth in the Asset Purchase and Share Exchange Agreement by and between EBC and Bayhawk
 dated
October 15
 2014
 as amended (the &ldquo;Asset Purchase Agreement&rdquo;). EBC filed a copy of the Asset Purchase Agreement as
an annex to a combination registration statement and proxy statement on Form S-4. The Bayhawk shares were validly tendered pursuant
to the Exchange Offer and not withdrawn. The asset purchase and share exchange will be treated as business combination as both
companies are controlled by the same management.



The
brewery continued to operate under the Bayhawk Ales
 Inc. name as it transitioned the licensing and branding over to Evans Brewing
Company
 Inc. That process has been completed and all future activities will be under the Evans Brewing Company banner. Bayhawk
Ales Inc. will be dissolved and all of its history will become that of Evans Brewing Company
 Inc.

Evans
Brewing Company is a craft brewery based on Orange County
 California that produces and sells premium craft beers
 including a
variety of ales and lagers. EBC&rsquo;s beers are currently produced in its 17-barrel brewery in Irvine
 California
 the oldest
continuously operating brewing facility in Orange County and one of the oldest in all of Southern California. This facility has
been producing craft beers since January 1995. The brewery is located in a leased building in the McCormick &amp; Schmick&rsquo;s
Seafood Restaurant.

EBC
products include four beers that are packaged year-round (Pollen Nation Honey Blonde Ale
 The KrHOPen India Pale Ale
 Oaklore
Brown Ale
 and Choc&#333;Latt&eacute; Chocolate Porter)
 various draft-only offerings (which include The Joaquin Dead Mexican
Red Ale
 OC Pale Ale
 Son of a Beach Blonde Ale)
 and seasonal beers (which include Approachable Bastard Session IPA
 Stout at
the Devil Russian Imperial Stout
 crHOP Dust Hefeweizen
 and Oktoberfest). EBC&rsquo;s labels for its year round packaging were
approved in 2016 and the beers are currently being sold with these labels. EBC has the exclusive rights to make
 manufacture
produce
 market
 sell
 and distribute original beers
 lagers
 and ales known as Evans Lager Original
 Evans Lager Black
 Evans
Lager Light
 Bad Kat Ice
 and Dead Presidents. EBC also owns the assets of Pig&rsquo;s Eye Brewing Company
 LLC
 (the &ldquo;EBC
Malt Assets&rdquo;) including the intellectual property and trademarks relating to original beers
 lagers
 and ales
 including
Milwaukee Select and Pig&rsquo;s Eye (the &ldquo;EBC Malt Brands&rdquo;). EBC&rsquo;s products are distributed to restaurants
and other retail outlets in nine states. EBC also produces and packages kegged beer on a private label basis for restaurants and
other customers
 with the names for such products determined collaboratively with such customer and each product co-branded with
the phrase &ldquo;by Evans Brewing Company&rdquo;.

In
addition to manufacturing and selling the products above
 EBC also produces and packages beers for other craft breweries in Southern
California on a contract-basis. Further
 in addition to beer production and sales generally
 EBC also produces and offers for
sale certain &ldquo;Evans Brewing Company&rdquo; branded merchandise including apparel
 glassware and other beer accessories.

On
September 29
 2016
 Evans Brewing Company
 Inc.
 closed the acquisition of a restaurant business located in the downtown SOCO
District of Fullerton
 California
 through the acquisition of all the outstanding stock of EBC Public House
 Inc.
 which the Company
now operates as its first branded restaurant and taproom under the trade name &ldquo;The Public House by Evans Brewing Company&rdquo;.
The Public House features the Company&rsquo;s beers &ndash; as well as beers from other selected local Orange County
 California
breweries
 -- food and
 potentially
 occasional entertainment.

In
connection with such closing
 the Company acquired 100% of the outstanding shares of EBC Public House from Mr. Rapport and issued
1
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s Series A Preferred Stock to Mr. Rapport. The asset purchase and share exchange have been
treated as business combination as both companies are controlled by the same management.



    
    




EBC
and Bayhawk filed a registration statement on Form S-4 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;Registration
Statement&rdquo;)
 which went effective on August 10
 2015. The Registration Statement included a proxy statement seeking the
votes of the Bayhawk shareholders on the Asset Purchase Transaction by written consent. On September 17
 2015
 the voting period
closed
 and EBC announced that approximately 99% of the shares that were voted had voted in favor of the Asset Purchase Transaction.

In
connection with the Asset Purchase Transaction
 EBC and Bayhawk entered into a General Assignment and Bill of Sale agreement (the
&ldquo;Bill of Sale&rdquo;) which outlined the specific assets purchased
 as well as an Assignment and Assumption of Liabilities
agreement (the &ldquo;Assumption Agreement) which outlined the specific liabilities of Bayhawk assumed by EBC.

In
connection with the closing of the Asset Purchase Transaction and the entry into the Bill of Sale and the Assumption Agreement
EBC acquired the assets (other than the ownership of Evans Brewing California)
 the liabilities
 and the operations of Bayhawk.
As such
 on December 10
 2015
 in connection with this acquisition
 EBC ceased to be a shell company as defined in Rule 12b-2
in that it had assets consisting of more than cash and cash equivalents
 and has a business plan and operations.

Bayhawk
Ales

Bayhawk
Ales
 Inc. (formerly Orange County Brewing Company) (&ldquo;Bayhawk&rdquo;) was formed in February 1994 for the purpose of developing
and operating one or more breweries in California for the production of high quality
 hand-crafted ales for sale in bottle and
draft. The Company built a 17-barrel showcase brewery (the &quot;Southern California Brewery&quot;) in a leased building in the
McCormick &amp; Schmick&rsquo;s Seafood Restaurant in Irvine
 California. The Southern California Brewery
 located in the central
business district of Irvine near John Wayne International Airport
 began brewing beer in January 1995. Irvine is south of Los
Angeles and is adjacent to Newport Beach. It is a suburban city of the greater Los Angeles metropolitan area and the location
of numerous businesses. At the time of the construction of the Southern California Brewery
 the Los Angeles metropolitan area
was the largest single market for beer in the United States. The products produced by Bayhawk are 90% private labeled. The business
has only recently in the last few years become profitable.

Evans
Brewing Company
 Inc. (Formerly ALPINE 3
 Inc.) was incorporated in Delaware in June 18
 2013 with a fiscal year
ending on December 31st.

Evans
Brewing Company
 Inc.
 acquired a restaurant business located in the downtown SOCO District of Fullerton
 California
 through
the acquisition of all the outstanding stock of EBC Public House
 Inc.
 which the Company now operates as its first branded restaurant
and taproom under the trade name &ldquo;The Public House by Evans Brewing Company&rdquo;. The restaurant was acquired from Michael
J Rapport and it features the Company&rsquo;s beers
 as well as beers from other selected local Orange County
 California breweries
food and occasional entertainment. The Restaurant is the first in a chain of restaurants to be added by the Company.

Principal
Products

EBC
products include four packaged year-round beers: Pollen Nation Honey Blonde Ale
 The KrHOPen India Pale Ale
 Oaklore Brown Ale
and Choc&#333;Latt&eacute; Chocolate Porter; draft-only offerings include The Joaquin Dead Mexican Red Ale
 OC Pale Ale
 Son of
a Beach Blonde Ale; and seasonals include Approachable Bastard Session IPA
 Stout at the Devil Russian Imperial Stout
 crHOP Dust
Hefeweizen
 and Oktoberfest.

EBC
also produces malt liquor at a third party site in Lacrosse
 Wisconsin. By way of background
 in August 2013
 Evans Brewing California
had acquired from City Brewing Company
 LLC (&ldquo;City Brewing&rdquo;) the assets of Pig&rsquo;s Eye Brewing Company
 LLC
 (the
&ldquo;Pig&rsquo;s Eye Assets&rdquo;) including the intellectual property and trademarks relating to original beers
 lagers
 and
ales
 including Milwaukee Select and Pig&rsquo;s Eye (the &ldquo;Pig&rsquo;s Eye Brands&rdquo;). Additionally
 Evans Brewing California
had the exclusive rights to make
 manufacture
 produce
 market
 sell
 and distribute original beers
 lagers
 and ales known as
Evans Lager Original
 Evans Lager Black
 Evans Lager Light
 Bad Kat Ice
 and Dead Presidents.



    
    



With
the opening of the Company&rsquo;s first branded restaurant and taproom
 The Public House by Evans Brewing Company
 in the last
quarter of 2016
 the Company sells food as well as its core beer products.

Seasonality
of Business

EBC
products are sold throughout the year with the summer and fall seasons of the year providing the largest volume of sales. With
the opening of the Company&rsquo;s first branded restaurant and taproom
 The Public House by Evans Brewing Company
 in the last
quarter of 2016 and additional distribution in year-round retail outlets
 the Company anticipates an increase in sales in the
winter and spring seasons to even out sales volume throughout the year.



As
of the date of this Report
 EBC has eleven full time and twenty nine part time employees.

RECENT
DEVELOPMENTS

Closing
of Asset Purchase Transaction

On
December 10
 2015
 EBC completed the previously announced acquisition of the assets and liabilities of Bayhawk
 pursuant to an
Asset Purchase and Share Exchange Agreement between EBC and Bayhawk
 dated October 15
 2014 (subsequently amended and restated
on August 6
 2015 (as amended
 the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;)).

Pursuant
to the Agreement
 Bayhawk had agreed to sell
 and EBC had agreed to purchase
 substantially all of Bayhawk&rsquo;s assets
 as
well as its liabilities (collectively
 the &ldquo;Asset Purchase Transaction&rdquo;). The assets and liabilities of Bayhawk include
personal property
 intellectual property
 inventory
 selected distribution contracts
 websites
 documents
 and all other assets
however delineated relating to the Bayhawk Ales labels; and (B) all assets
 including personal property
 intellectual property
inventory
 contracts
 websites
 documents
 and all other assets however delineated relating to the Evans Brands (collectively
the &ldquo;Transferred Assets&rdquo;)
 and the assumption by EBC
 pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the Agreement
of all of the liabilities of Bayhawk (the &ldquo;Assumed Liabilities&rdquo;). (The &ldquo;Evans Brands&rdquo; include the former
assets of Pig&rsquo;s Eye Brewing Company
 including its original beers
 lagers and ales (&ldquo;Pig&rsquo;s Eye Brands&rdquo;)
as well as Evans Lager Original
 Evans Lager Black
 Evans Lager Light
 Bad Kat Ice
 and Dead Presidents.) Pursuant to the Agreement
EBC has the right to purchase from Bayhawk 100% ownership in Evans Brewing California.

Pursuant
to the Agreement
 EBC and Bayhawk agreed to seek approval of the shareholders of Bayhawk relating to the Asset Purchase Transaction.
Because the principal majority stockholders of Bayhawk are also significant stockholders of EBC
 Bayhawk and EBC agreed to proceed
with the Asset Purchase Transaction if it was approved by the holders of at least a majority of the Independent Shares (i.e. shares
not held by Bayhawk&rsquo;s majority shareholder
 The Michael J. Rapport Trust
 or by Evan Rapport
 who is an officer of EBC and
the son of Michael Rapport) that actually vote on the Asset Purchase Transaction proposal.

EBC
and Bayhawk filed a registration statement on Form S-4 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;Registration
Statement&rdquo;)
 which went effective on August 10
 2015. The Registration Statement included a proxy statement seeking the
votes of the Bayhawk shareholders on the Asset Purchase Transaction by written consent. On September 17
 2015
 the voting period
closed
 and EBC announced that approximately 99% of the shares that were voted had voted in favor of the Asset Purchase Transaction.

In
connection with the Asset Purchase Transaction
 EBC and Bayhawk entered into a General Assignment and Bill of Sale agreement (the
&ldquo;Bill of Sale&rdquo;) which outlined the specific assets purchased
 as well as an Assignment and Assumption of Liabilities
agreement (the &ldquo;Assumption Agreement) which outlined the specific liabilities of Bayhawk assumed by EBC.



    
    


Equipment
Lease to Bayhawk

Following
the closing of the Asset Purchase Transaction
 EBC entered into an equipment lease (the &ldquo;Equipment Lease&rdquo;) with Bayhawk
pursuant to which EBC leased the brewing equipment to Bayhawk. The Equipment Lease was effective as of December 1
 2015
 and continues
month to month. Bayhawk agreed to pay a minimum of $15
000 per month or net profits from operations
 whichever is greater. The
title to the leased equipment will remain with EBC
 and EBC has the right to inspect the equipment and its usage.

The
foregoing summaries of the terms and conditions of the Bill of Sale
 the Assumption Agreement
 and the Equipment Lease (collectively
the &ldquo;Ancillary Agreements&rdquo;) do not purport to be complete
 and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the
full text of the specific Ancillary Agreement
 each of which was attached as an exhibit to a Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed
by EBC on December 15
 2015.

Effective
September
 2016 the Bayhawk name was dissolved and all operations are now under the name of Evans Brewing Company
 Inc and the
lease is no longer needed.

Change
in Shell Company Status

In
connection with the closing of the Asset Purchase Transaction and the entry into the Bill of Sale and the Assumption Agreement
EBC acquired the assets (other than the ownership of Evans Brewing California)
 the liabilities
 and the operations of Bayhawk.
As such
 on December 10
 2015
 in connection with this acquisition
 EBC ceased to be a shell company as defined in Rule 12b-2
in that it has assets consisting of more than cash and cash equivalents
 and has a business plan and operations.

Share
Exchange

As
discussed in more detail above and below in this Annual Report
 as partial consideration for the purchase of the Transferred Assets
and the assumption of the Assumed Liabilities
 EBC agreed to offer to exchange shares of EBC common stock for all shares of Bayhawk
common stock that were tendered in connection with such offer
 the transaction being referred to as the &ldquo;Share Exchange.&rdquo;
The ratio of the share exchange is one (1) share of EBC common stock for each one (1) share of Bayhawk common stock.

Based
on the affirmative vote by the independent Bayhawk shareholders to approve the Asset Purchase transaction
 EBC proceeded with
the share exchange and tender offer to the Bayhawk shareholders
 pursuant to which EBC offered to exchange shares of EBC common
stock for shares of Bayhawk common stock
 on a one-for-one basis (the &ldquo;Exchange Offer&rdquo;). Bayhawk shareholders had
until December 2
 2015
 to tender their Bayhawk shares in the share exchange. Bayhawk shareholders also had until December 2
2015
 to rescind the exchange of shares. There was no minimum number of shares of Bayhawk common stock that must be tendered for
the Exchange Offer to close. At the close of the share exchange on December 2
 2015
 Premier Stock Transfer accepted on behalf
of EBC 4
033
863 Bayhawk shares and issued 4
033
863 shares of EBC common stock upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in the Asset Purchase and Share Exchange Agreement by and between EBC and Bayhawk
 dated October 15
 2014
 as amended (the
&ldquo;Asset Purchase Agreement&rdquo;). EBC filed a copy of the Asset Purchase Agreement as an annex to a combination registration
statement and proxy statement on Form S-4. The Bayhawk shares were validly tendered pursuant to the Exchange Offer and not withdrawn.
The asset purchase and share exchange will be treated as business combination as both companies are controlled by the same management.

No
Change of Control

In
connection with the Asset Purchase Transaction
 and the share exchange for the restaurant
 there was no change in control of EBC.
The officers and directors of EBC did not change
 and the majority ownership of EBC did not change.

As
noted
 prior to the closing of the Share Exchange
 there was no way to determine how many shares of Bayhawk common stock will
be exchanged for shares of EBC common stock. Nevertheless
 Michael J. Rapport owns
 through The Michael J. Rapport Trust
 a majority
of the outstanding common stock of both EBC and Bayhawk. As such
 following the closing of the Share Exchange
 Mr. Rapport continued
to own a majority of the common stock of EBC
 and as such
 there was no change in control of EBC.



    
    


Public
House Stock Purchase Agreement

On
September 29
 2016
 the Company acquired 100% of the outstanding shares of EBC Public House from Mr. Rapport and issued 1
000
000
shares of the Company&rsquo;s Series A Preferred Stock to Mr. Rapport. The close of the restaurant was based on the agreement
entered into on December 10
 2015
 wherein
 EBC entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;Public House SPA&rdquo;) with
Michael J. Rapport
 as the sole shareholder of EBC Public House
 Inc.
 a California corporation (&ldquo;Public House&rdquo;)
for the purchase by EBC of 100% of the outstanding shares of Public House from Mr. Rapport
 with the transaction closing on September
29
 2016.

By
way of background
 Mr. Rapport formed Public House to purchase a restaurant business located in Fullerton
 California (previously
operated as Steamers Jazz Club). At the completion of the renovation and remodel of the restaurant on September 29
2016
 the agreement
was closed. Mr. Rapport was the sole shareholder of Public House.

Pursuant
to the Public House SPA
 EBC agreed to issue 1
000
000 shares of its Series A Preferred Stock (see description below) in exchange
for 100% of the outstanding stock of Public House (the &ldquo;Public House Shares&rdquo;).

-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Other
standard closing conditions.

The
foregoing summary of the terms and conditions of the Public House SPA does not purport to be complete
 and is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the full text of the Public House SPA
 was attached as an exhibit to a Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed
by EBC on December 15
 2015.

Certificate
of Designation &ndash; Series A Convertible Preferred Stock

In
connection with the Public House SPA
 on December 10
 2015
 the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors approved and adopted a Certificate
of Designation of Rights and Preferences for Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the &ldquo;Certificate of Designation&rdquo;).
On December 11
 2015
 the Company filed with the State of Delaware the Certificate of Designation
 which became part of the Company&rsquo;s
Certificate of Incorporation
 as amended to date.

Pursuant
to the Certificate of Designation
 the Company is authorized to issue up to 2
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock (the &ldquo;Preferred Stock&rdquo;). As noted above
 the Company agreed to issue 1
000
000 shares of the Preferred
Stock to Mr. Rapport upon the closing of the purchase of the Public House Shares. The rights and preferences of the Preferred
Stock include the following:



    
    
Stated
    Value: The Preferred Stock has a stated value (the &ldquo;Stated Value&rdquo;) of $1.00 per share.




    
    
Dividends:
    Holders of the Preferred Stock are entitled to receive dividends equal to five percent (5%) per annum
 payable quarterly in
    arrears. The dividends may be paid in cash or shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
 at the option of the holder.




    
    
Voting
    Rights: The holder of the Preferred Stock has the right to one vote for each share of common stock into which the Preferred
    Stock could be converted.




    
    
Conversion:
    The Preferred Stock is convertible at the option of the holder into shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. The number
    of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion shall be determined by dividing the number of shares of Preferred Stock
    by the applicable Conversion Price
 which is defined as follows:




    
    
If
    the Common Stock of the Company has been listed for trading on a public exchange or trading facility
 the conversion price
    for each share of Preferred Stock on any conversion date shall be the lower of (I) seventy percent (70%) of the two (2) lowest
    closing bid prices over the sixty trading days prior to the conversion date
 or (II) the Stated Value of the Preferred Stock.



    
    





    
    
If
    the Common Stock of the Company is not trading on the conversion date
 the conversion price shall be the Stated Value of the
    Preferred Stock.




    
    
Redemption:
    The Company has the obligation to redeem the unconverted shares of Preferred Stock from the holder as follows:




    
    
The
    Company shall have the obligation
 as set forth herein
 to redeem the unconverted shares of the Preferred Stock at a price
    equal to the Redemption Price (defined below) as follows:




    
    
The
    Company shall pay to the holder of the Preferred Stock
 on a quarterly basis
 within thirty (30) days of the end of each fiscal
    quarter
 an amount equal to twenty percent (20%) of the excess revenues
 as determined by the Board of Directors on a quarterly
    basis
 to redeem shares of Preferred Stock.




    
    
The
    Company shall also pay to the holder of the Preferred Stock
 an amount equal to 20% of any capital raised by the Company in
    connection with offerings of the Company&rsquo;s securities (whether private offerings or public offerings)
 within ten (10)
    days of the closing of each such offering
 to redeem shares of Preferred Stock.




    
    
The
    &ldquo;Redemption Price&rdquo; shall be equal to the Stated Value of such shares of Preferred Stock
 plus all accrued and
    unpaid dividends on the shares to be redeemed.




    
    
Liquidation:
    Upon any liquidation
 dissolution or winding-up of the Company
 whether voluntary or involuntary (a &ldquo;Liquidation&rdquo;)
    the holders of the Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive out of the assets of the Company
 whether such assets are
    capital or surplus
 for each share of Preferred Stock an amount equal to the Stated Value plus all accrued but unpaid dividends
    per share
 and all other amounts in respect thereof then due and payable before any distribution or payment shall be made
    to the holders of any Junior Securities.


EBC
issued 1
000
000 shares of Preferred Stock in connection with the purchase of the Public House Shares
 upon closing of the transaction
which occurred on September 29
 2016
 without registration under the securities Act of 1933 (the &ldquo;1933 Act&rdquo;) in reliance
on Section 4(a)(2) of the 1933 Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

The
foregoing summary of the terms and conditions of the Certificate of Designation does not purport to be complete
 and is qualified
in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Certificate of Designation
 was attached as an exhibit to a Current Report
on Form 8-K
 filed by EBC on December 15
 2015.



    
RISK
FACTORS.


Because
of the following factors
 as well as other factors affecting the Company&rsquo;s financial condition and operating results
 past
financial performance should not be considered to be a reliable indicator of future performance
 and investors should not use
historical trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods.

You
should carefully consider the risks described below together with all of the other information included in this report before
making an investment decision with regard to our securities.&nbsp;&nbsp;The statements contained in or incorporated herein that
are not historic facts are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results
to differ materially from those set forth in or implied by forward-looking statements. If any of the following risks actually
occurs
 our business
 financial condition or results of operations could be harmed. In that case
 you may lose all or part of
your investment.

RISKS
ASSOCIATED WITH OUR COMPANY:

We
are an &ldquo;emerging growth company
&rdquo; and the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to &ldquo;emerging growth companies&rdquo;
could make our common stock less attractive to investors.

We
are an &ldquo;emerging growth company
&rdquo; as defined in the JOBS Act. For as long as we are an emerging growth company
 we
may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that
are not emerging growth companies
 including
 but not limited to
 not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements
of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports
and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding advisory &ldquo;say-on-pay&rdquo; votes on executive compensation
and shareholder advisory votes on golden parachute compensation. We will remain an &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; until
the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year during which we have total annual gross revenues of $1&nbsp;billion or more;
(ii) the last date of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common stock under the
current registration (iii) the date on which we have
 during the previous three-year period
 issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible
debt; and (iv) the date on which we are deemed to be a &ldquo;large accelerated filer&rdquo; under the Exchange Act. We will be
deemed a large accelerated filer on the first day of the fiscal year after the market value of our common equity held by non-affiliates
exceeds $700 million
 measured on October 31.



    
    


We
cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive to the extent we rely on the exemptions available to emerging
growth companies. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result
 there may be a less active trading market
for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile.

In
addition
 Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition
period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. An emerging
growth company can therefore delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to
private companies.

A
Company that elects to be treated as an emerging growth company shall continue to be deemed an emerging growth company until the
earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year during which it had total annual gross revenues of $1
000
000
000 (as indexed
for inflation)
 (ii) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common stock
under the current registration; (iii) the date on which it has
 during the previous 3-year period
 issued more than $1
000
000
000
in non-convertible debt; or (iv) the date on which is deemed to be a &lsquo;large accelerated filer&rsquo; as defined by the SEC
which would generally occur upon it attaining a public float of at least $700 million.

We
have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(2)
of the Jobs Act
 that allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates
for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As a result of this election
 our financial
statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates.

Management
of EBC cannot guarantee that EBC will generate revenues which could result in a total loss of the value of your investment if
it is unsuccessful in its business plans.

While
Evans Brewing California
 a California corporation which is a separate entity from EBC
 and Bayhawk have generated revenues during
their history
 which are reported in the financial statements included in this current annual report
 there can be no assurance
that EBC will continue to generate revenues or that revenues will be sufficient to maintain its business following the Asset Purchase
Transaction.&nbsp;&nbsp;As a result
 you could lose all of your investment if EBC is not successful in its proposed business plans.

EBC&rsquo;s
needs could exceed the amount of time or level of experience our officers and directors may have.&nbsp;&nbsp;EBC will be dependent
on key executives
 and the loss of the services of the current officers and directors could severely impact EBC&rsquo;s business
operations.

EBC&rsquo;s
business plan does not provide for the hiring of any additional employees other than outlined in its plan of operations until
sales will support the expense.&nbsp;&nbsp;Until that time the responsibility of developing EBC&rsquo;s business
 the offering
and selling of the shares based on current filings and the reporting requirements of a public company will fall upon the two officers
and the directors.&nbsp;&nbsp;In the event they are unable to fulfill any aspect of their duties to EBC
 it may experience a shortfall
or complete lack of sales resulting in little or no profits and eventual closure of our business.

Additionally
the management of future growth will require
 among other things
 continued development of EBC&rsquo;s financial and management
controls and management information systems
 stringent control of costs
 increased marketing activities
 and the ability to attract
and retain qualified management
 research
 and marketing personnel.&nbsp;&nbsp;The loss of key executives or&nbsp;the failure
to hire qualified replacement personnel would compromise EBC&rsquo;s ability to generate revenues or&nbsp;otherwise have a material
adverse effect on EBC.&nbsp;&nbsp;There can be no assurance that EBC will be able&nbsp;to successfully attract and retain skilled
and experienced personnel but every effort will be made to do so.



    
    


As
of the date of this current annual report
 Evans Brewing California had been operated previously as a private company. Additionally
Bayhawk previously filed public reports with the SEC
 but ceased making the required filings in 1999. Current management of both
of these entities has limited experience in complying with public company reporting and other obligations. Taking steps to comply
with these requirements will increase our costs and require additional management resources
 and does not ensure that we will
be able to satisfy them.

Prior
to the transactions described in this Annual Report
 the operations of Evans Brewing California were conducted as a private company.
Additionally
 Bayhawk previously operated as a public company
 and filed reports with the SEC. However
 under prior management
Bayhawk ceased making the required filings in 1999
 and has not filed any required public reports since 1999.&nbsp;&nbsp;Current
Bayhawk management was not involved in the determination in 1999 to cease making the required filings
 and has not filed periodic
reports on behalf of Bayhawk since becoming involved with Bayhawk. (Bayhawk&rsquo;s filing history is discussed in more detail
below.) Upon the closing of the Asset Purchase Transaction
 assuming the Bayhawk shareholders provide the required approval
 EBC
will acquire the assets and liabilities of Bayhawk (including the assets of Evans Brewing Calfornia)
 and EBC will become the
operating company. EBC is a public reporting company.&nbsp;&nbsp;As a public company commencing commercial operations
 we will
be required to comply with applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 as well as other federal securities laws
and rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC and the various exchanges and trading facilities where our common stock may trade
which will result in significant initial and continuing legal
 accounting
 administrative and other costs and expenses. These
rules and requirements impose certain corporate governance requirements relating to director independence
 filing and distributing
annual and interim reports
 stockholder meetings
 approvals and voting
 soliciting proxies
 conflicts of interest
 and&nbsp;codes
of conduct
 depending on where our shares trade. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of
time to ensure that we comply with all applicable requirements.

As
we review our internal controls and procedures
 we may determine that they are ineffective or have material weaknesses
 which
could impact the market&rsquo;s acceptance of our filings and financial statements.

EBC&rsquo;s
annual report for 2014 was the first time EBC&rsquo;s management was required to provide a report on its internal controls and
procedures
 including the internal controls over financial reporting
 although management has conducted reviews of such internal
controls and procedures in connection with the preparation and filing of its prior quarterly reports. As EBC continues as a publicly
reporting company
 EBC management will be required to continue to review our internal control over financial reporting for the
purpose of providing the reports required by the SEC&rsquo;s rules. As the Company grows
 following the closing of the Asset Purchase
Transaction (assuming Bayhawk shareholder approval is obtained)
 and during the course of our ongoing reviews and testing
 we
may identify deficiencies or our controls and procedures may no longer be deemed to be effective. Furthermore
 if we have a material
weakness in our internal control over financial reporting
 we may not detect errors on a timely basis and our financial statements
may be materially misstated. We or our independent registered public accounting firm may not be able to conclude on an ongoing
basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting
 which could harm our operating results
 cause investors
to lose confidence in our reported financial information and cause the trading price of our stock to fall. In addition
 as a public
company we are required to file in a timely manner accurate quarterly and annual reports with the SEC under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)
 as amended.&nbsp;&nbsp;Any failure to report our financial results on an accurate
and timely basis could result in sanctions
 lawsuits
 delisting of our shares from the market or trading facility where our shares
may trade
 or other adverse consequences that would materially harm our business.

Because
EBC has shown a net loss since inception
 ownership of EBC shares could result in a complete loss of the value of your investment
if EBC is unsuccessful in its business plans.

Based
upon current plans
 EBC expects to incur operating losses in future periods as it incurs significant expenses associated with
the growth of its business.&nbsp;&nbsp;Further
 there is no guarantee that it will be successful in realizing future revenues
or in achieving or sustaining positive cash flow at any time in the future.&nbsp;Any such failure could result in the possible
closure of its business or force EBC to seek additional capital through loans or additional sales of its equity securities to
continue business operations
 which would dilute the value of any shares you purchase in this offering.



    
    



Growth
and development of operations will depend on the acceptance of EBC&rsquo;s proposed business.&nbsp;&nbsp;If EBC&rsquo;s products
are not deemed desirable and suitable for purchase and it cannot establish a customer base
 it may not be able to generate future
revenues
 which would result in a failure of the business and a loss of the value of your investment.

The
acceptance of EBC&rsquo;s brewing products for its customers is critically important to its success. EBC cannot be certain that
the services that it will be offering will be appealing and as a result there may not be any demand for these products and its
sales could be limited and it may never realize any revenues. In addition
 there are no assurances that if it alters or changes
the products it offers in the future that the demand for these new products will develop and this could adversely affect our business
and any possible revenues.

If
demand for the products EBC plans to offer slows
 then its business would be materially affected
 which could result in the loss
of your entire investment of EBC&rsquo;s common stock.

Demand
for products which we intend to sell depends on many factors
 including:



    
    
the
    number of customers EBC is able to attract and retain over time.

    
    
    

    
    
the
    economy
 and in periods of rapidly declining economic conditions
 customers may defer products such as ours in order to pay
    secured debts or debts that must be paid in order to remain solvent.

    
    
    

    
    
the
    competitive environment in the micro-brewery market may force it to reduce prices below its desired pricing level or increase
    promotional spending.

    
    
    

    
    
the
    ability to anticipate changes in consumer preferences and to meet customers&rsquo; needs in a timely cost effective manner.


For
the long term
 demand for the products we plan to offer may be affected by:



    
    
the
    ability to establish
 maintain and eventually grow market share in a competitive environment.

    
    
    

    
    
delivery
    of its information globally
 geopolitical changes
 changes in liquor regulations
 currency fluctuations
 natural disasters
    pandemics and other factors beyond our control may increase the cost of items it purchases
 create communication issues or
    render product delivery difficult which could have a material adverse effect on its sales and profitability.


All
of these factors could result in immediate and longer term declines in the demand for the products it plans to offer
 which could
adversely affect its sales
 cash flows and overall financial condition.&nbsp;&nbsp;

EBC
has limited management resources
 and will be dependent on key executives. The loss of the services of the current officers and
directors could severely impact EBC&rsquo;s business operations and future development
 which could result in a loss of revenues
and adversely impact the ability to ever sell any shares owned.

EBC
is relying on a small number of key individuals to implement its business and operations and
 in particular
 the professional
expertise and services of Michael J. Rapport
 our President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Secretary
 and Chairman of the Board of
Directors; Kenneth Wiedrich
 our Chief Financial Officer; and Evan Rapport
 our Vice President and a member of the Board of Directors.
Accordingly
 EBC may not have sufficient managerial resources to successfully manage the increased business activity envisioned
by its business strategy.&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition
 EBC's future success depends in large part on the continued service of Mr. Michael
Rapport and Mr. Evan Rapport.&nbsp;&nbsp;EBC has not entered into an employment agreement with Michael Rapport
 and has an employment
agreement with Evan Rapport that runs for three years. If either of these persons chooses not to serve as officers or if they
are unable to perform their duties
 this could have an adverse effect on Company business operations
 financial condition and
operating results if it is unable to replace them with other individuals qualified to develop and market its business.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
loss of their services could result in a loss of revenues
 which could result in a reduction of the value of any stock owned.



    
    


EBC&rsquo;s
industry requires attracting and retaining talented employees
 and the inability to retain such talented employees could result
in the loss of the value of your investment. 

Success
in the microbrew industry does and will continue to require the acquisition and retention of highly talented and experienced individuals.&nbsp;&nbsp;Due
to the growth in the market segment targeted
 such individuals and the talent and experience they possess is in high demand.&nbsp;&nbsp;There
is no guarantee that we will be able to attract and maintain access to such individuals.&nbsp;&nbsp;If we fail to attract
 train
motivate and retain talented personnel
 our business
 financial condition
 and operating results may be materially and adversely
impacted
 which could result in the loss of your entire investment.

The
speculative nature of our business could result in unpredictable results and a loss of the value of your investment. 

The
microbrewery and beer brewing industry is extremely competitive and the commercial success of any product is often dependent on
factors beyond our control
 including but not limited to market acceptance and retailers' prominently shelving and selling our
products.&nbsp;&nbsp;We may experience substantial cost overruns in manufacturing and marketing our products
 and may not have
sufficient capital to successfully complete any of our projects.&nbsp;&nbsp;We may also incur uninsured losses for liabilities
which arise in the ordinary course of business in the manufacturing industry
 or which are unforeseen
 including but not limited
to trademark infringement
 product liability
 and employment liability.

Competition
that EBC faces is varied and strong.

EBC&rsquo;s
products and industry as a whole are subject to extreme competition.&nbsp;&nbsp;There is no guarantee that we can sustain our
market position or expand our business.&nbsp;&nbsp;We anticipate that the intensity of competition in the future will increase.

We
compete with a number of entities in providing products to our customers.&nbsp;&nbsp;Such competitor entities include: (1) a variety
of large nationwide corporations
 including but not limited to public entities and companies that have established loyal customer
bases over several decades; (2) local breweries and microbreweries that have the same or a similar business plan as we do; and
(3) a variety of other local and national breweries and with which we either currently or may
 in the future
 compete.

Many
of our current and potential competitors are well established and have longer operating histories
 significantly greater financial
and operational resources
 and name recognition than we have.&nbsp;&nbsp;As a result
 these competitors may have greater credibility
with both existing and potential customers.&nbsp;&nbsp;They also may be able to offer more competitive products and services and
more aggressively promote and sell their products.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our competitors may also be able to support more aggressive pricing
than we will be able to
 which could adversely affect sales
 cause us to decrease our prices to remain competitive
 or otherwise
reduce the overall gross profit earned on our products.

Additionally
our third party providers themselves are subject to the intensely competitive market.&nbsp;&nbsp;We rely on such providers for
underlying services and products that enable and/or facilitate the creation of our products.&nbsp;&nbsp;Competition or grain shortages
may affect our suppliers&rsquo; ability to innovate and to continue existing product and service offerings
 which could result
in the loss of the value of your entire investment.

Our
success in business and operations will depend on general economic conditions.

The
success of EBC depends
 to a large extent
 on certain economic factors that are beyond its control.&nbsp;&nbsp;Factors such as
general economic conditions
 levels of unemployment
 interest rates
 tax rates at all levels of government
 competition and other
factors beyond EBC&rsquo;s control may have an adverse effect on EBC&rsquo;s ability to sell its products and to collect sums
due and owing to it.



    
    


Changes
in consumer preferences and discretionary spending may have a material adverse effect on our revenue
 results of operations and
financial condition.

Our
success depends
 in part
 upon the popularity of our products and our ability to organically develop new brands or acquire the
licensing or distribution rights to existing brands that appeal to consumers.&nbsp;&nbsp;Shifts in consumer preferences away from
our products
 our inability to develop new products that appeal to consumers
 or changes in our product mix that eliminate items
popular with some consumers could harm our business.&nbsp;&nbsp;Also
 our success depends to a significant extent on discretionary
consumer spending
 which is influenced by general economic conditions and the availability of discretionary income.&nbsp;&nbsp;Accordingly
we may experience declines in revenue during economic downturns or during periods of uncertainty.&nbsp;&nbsp;Any material decline
in the amount of discretionary spending could have a material adverse effect on our sales
 results of operations
 business and
financial condition.

EBC
may not be able to successfully implement its business strategy
 which could adversely affect its business
 financial condition
results of operations and cash flows.&nbsp;&nbsp;If EBC cannot successfully implement its business strategy
 it could result in
the loss of the value of your investment. 

Successful
implementation of its business strategy depends on factors specific to the liquor industry and micro-breweries specifically
 and
the state of the financial industry and numerous other factors that may be beyond its control.&nbsp;&nbsp;Adverse changes in the
following factors could undermine our business strategy and have a material adverse effect on its business
 its financial condition
and results of operations and cash flow:



    
    
The
    competitive environment in the micro-brew industry that may force us to reduce prices below the optimal pricing level or increase
    promotional spending;

    
    
    

    
    
Its
    ability to anticipate changes in consumer preferences and to meet customers&rsquo; needs for our products in a timely cost
    effective manner; and




    
    
Its
    ability to establish
 maintain and eventually grow market share in a competitive environment.


There
are no substantial barriers to entry into the industry
 and because EBC has only limited copyright protection for the products
it intends to sell
 there is no guarantee someone else will not duplicate its ideas and bring them to market before it does
 which
could severely limit EBC&rsquo;s sales and revenues.&nbsp;&nbsp;If EBC cannot generate sales and&nbsp;revenues
 it could result
in the loss of the value of your investment. 

Because
EBC has limited copyright and trademark protection
 unauthorized persons may attempt to copy aspects of EBC&rsquo;s business
including its product design or functionality
 services or marketing materials. Any encroachment upon EBC&rsquo;s corporate information
including the unauthorized use of its brand names
 the use of a similar name by a competing company
 or a lawsuit initiated against
EBC for infringement upon another company's proprietary information or improper use of their copyright
 may affect its ability
to create brand name recognition
 cause customer confusion and/or have a detrimental effect on its business.&nbsp;Litigation
or proceedings before the U.S. or International Patent and Trademark Offices may be necessary in the future to enforce EBC&rsquo;s
intellectual property rights
 to protect its trade secrets and domain name and/or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary
rights of others.&nbsp;&nbsp;Any such infringement
 litigation or adverse proceeding could result in substantial costs and diversion
of resources and could seriously harm its business operations and/or results of operations.&nbsp;As a result
 an investment
in the Company could result in the loss of the entire investment.

Failure
of third-party distributors upon which we rely could adversely affect our business and result in the loss of your investment

Like
most craft brewers
 EBC plans to rely heavily on third party distributors for the sale of their products to retailers.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
loss of a significant distributor could have a material adverse effect on EBC&rsquo;s business
 financial condition and results
of operations.&nbsp;&nbsp;EBC&rsquo;s distributors often represent competing specialty beer brands
 as well as national beer brands
and are to varying degrees influenced by their continued business relationships with other brewers.&nbsp;&nbsp;EBC&rsquo;s independent
distributors may be influenced by a large brewer if they rely on that brewer for a significant portion of their sales.&nbsp;&nbsp;While
we believe that the relationships between EBC and its distributors are generally good
 many of these relationships are relatively
new and untested and there can be no assurance that EBC&rsquo;s distributors will continue to effectively market and distribute
EBC&rsquo;s beer.&nbsp;&nbsp;The loss of any distributor or the inability to replace a poorly performing distributor in a timely
fashion could have a material adverse effect on the business
 financial condition and results of operations of EBC.&nbsp;&nbsp;Furthermore
no assurance can be given that EBC will successfully attract new distributors as they increase their presence in their existing
markets or expand into new markets.



    
    


We
likely will have limited market for the acquired brands in a concentrated geographic area.

Bayhawk
Ales primarily has sold its products through different distributors across California
 as well as through Prestige Imports
 Mt
Clemens
 MI
 which represents the Bayhawk products nationally. &nbsp;&nbsp;There is no assurance that Bayhawk&rsquo;s brands will
be as widely accepted
 or that consumers in new geographic markets will be receptive to Bayhawks&rsquo;s products.&nbsp;&nbsp;Management
believes that California and Private Label Sales are likely to continue to be the largest market for its brands
 and that regional
identification may assist EBC&rsquo;s competitors in other regions. Penetration of other regional markets is an important element
of EBC&rsquo;s expansion plan
 and failure to accomplish this objective will hinder the success of the expansion plan and could
have a material adverse impact on EBC&rsquo;s business
 financial condition
 and results of operations.

EBC
depends on a limited number of suppliers; cost and availability of raw materials.

EBC
relies upon a limited number of suppliers for raw materials used to make and package EBC&rsquo;s products
 including
 but not
limited to
 providers of hops
 grains and other products necessary for us to manufacture our product.&nbsp;&nbsp;EBC&rsquo;s success
will depend in part upon our ability to successfully secure such materials from suppliers that are delivered with consistency
and at a quality that meets our requirements.&nbsp;&nbsp;The price and availability of these materials are subject to market conditions.&nbsp;&nbsp;Increases
in the price of our products due to the increase in the cost of raw materials could have a negative effect on our business.

If
EBC is unable to obtain sufficient quantities or other raw materials
 delays or reductions in product shipments could occur which
would have a material adverse effect on the business
 financial condition and results of operations of EBC.&nbsp;&nbsp;The costs
of grains and hops are volatile and unpredictable.&nbsp;&nbsp;As with most agricultural products
 the supply and price of raw
materials used to produce EBC&rsquo;s beer can be affected by a number of factors beyond EBC&rsquo;s control
 such as frosts
droughts
 other weather conditions
 economic factors affecting growing decisions
 and various plant diseases and pests.&nbsp;&nbsp;If
any of the foregoing were to occur
 no assurance can be given that such condition would not have a material adverse effect on
the business
 financial condition and results of operations of EBC.&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition
 the results of operations of EBC are
dependent upon its ability to accurately forecast its requirements of raw materials.&nbsp;&nbsp;Any failure by EBC to accurately
forecast its demand for raw materials could result in an inability to meet higher than anticipated demand for products or producing
excess inventory
 either of which may adversely affect results of operations of EBC.

While
EBC believes that the relations of Bayhawk and Evans Brewing California with their suppliers are good
 there can be no assurance
that these suppliers will be able or willing to supply EBC with materials at the current pricing levels
 or at all
 or that it
will be successful in engaging alternative suppliers on commercially reasonable terms which meet the quality or pricing levels
currently experienced by EBC.&nbsp;&nbsp;As a result
 should EBC&rsquo;s costs increase and if those increases are unable to be
passed on to its customers
 our business
 financial condition
 and results of operations and cash flows may be materially adversely
impacted
 which could result in the loss of your entire investment.

Product
Concentration; dependence on new product introductions.

EBC
is dependent on three principal brands: the Bayhawk Brands; the Evans Brands; and the Pigs Eye Brands
 to generate revenues.&nbsp;&nbsp;While
we anticipate expanding our product offerings
 we expect that these brands will continue to account for a large portion of our
revenues for the foreseeable future.&nbsp;&nbsp;Therefore
 EBC&rsquo;s future operating results
 particularly in the near term
are significantly dependent upon the continued market acceptance of these beer products.&nbsp;&nbsp;There can be no assurance
that EBC's beer products will continue to achieve market acceptance.&nbsp;&nbsp;Initial sales for a new alcoholic beverage product
may be caused by the interest of distributors and retailers to have the latest product on hand for potential future sale to consumers.&nbsp;&nbsp;As
a result
 initial stocking orders for
 or sales of
 a newly introduced alcoholic beverage product may not be indicative of market
acceptance and long term consumer demand.&nbsp;&nbsp;A decline in the demand for any of EBC's beers as a result of competition
changes in consumer tastes and preferences
 government regulation or other factors would have a material adverse effect on EBC's
business
 operating results and financial condition.&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition
 there can be no assurance that EBC will be successful
in importing
 developing
 managing
 introducing and marketing additional new alcoholic beverage products that will sustain sales
growth in the future.



    
    


Our
revenue growth rate depends primarily on our ability to satisfy relevant channels and end-customer demands
 identify suppliers
of our necessary ingredients and to coordinate those suppliers
 all subject to many unpredictable factors.

We
may not be able to identify and maintain the necessary relationships with suppliers of product and services as planned.&nbsp;&nbsp;Delays
or failures in deliveries could materially and adversely affect our growth strategy and expected results.&nbsp;&nbsp;As we supply
more customers
 our rate of expansion relative to the size of such customer base will decline. In addition
 one of our biggest
challenges is securing an adequate supply of suitable product.&nbsp;&nbsp;Competition for product is intense
 and commodities
costs subject to price volatility.

Our
ability to execute our business plan also depends on other factors
 including:



    
    
there
    is no guarantee that we will enter into definitive agreements with distributors and on acceptable terms;




    
    
hiring
    and training qualified personnel in local markets;

    
    
    

    
    
managing
    marketing and development costs at affordable levels;




    
    
cost
    and availability of labor;

    
    
    

    
    
the
    availability of
 and our ability to obtain
 adequate supplies of ingredients that meet our quality standards; and




    
    
securing
    required governmental approvals in a timely manner when necessary.


We
lack sales
 marketing and distribution capabilities and depend on third parties to market our products.

We
have minimal personnel dedicated solely to sales and marketing of our products and therefore we must rely primarily upon third
party distributors to market and sell our products.&nbsp;&nbsp;These third parties may not be able to market our product successfully
or may not devote the time and resources to marketing our products that we require.&nbsp;&nbsp;We also rely upon third party carriers
to distribute and deliver our products.&nbsp;&nbsp;As such
 our deliveries are to a certain extent out of our control.&nbsp;&nbsp;If
we choose to develop our own sales
 marketing or distribution capabilities
 we will need to build a marketing and sales force
with technical expertise and with supporting distribution capabilities
 which will require a substantial amount of management
and financial resources that may not be available.&nbsp;&nbsp;If we or a third party are not able to adequately sell and distribute
our product
 our business will be materially harmed.

The
manufacture and sale of alcoholic beverages is regulated by federal and state law; taxation.

The
manufacture and sale of alcoholic beverages is a business that is highly regulated and taxed at the federal
 state and local levels.&nbsp;EBC&rsquo;s
operations may be subject to more restrictive regulations and increased taxation by federal
 state and local governmental agencies
than are those of non-alcohol related businesses.&nbsp;&nbsp;For instance
 operation of EBC&rsquo;s breweries requires various
federal
 state and local licenses
 permits and approvals.&nbsp;&nbsp;The loss or revocation of any existing licenses
 permits
or approvals
 failure to obtain any additional or new licenses
 permits or approvals or the failure to obtain approval for the
transfer of any existing permits or licenses could have a material adverse effect on the ability of EBC to conduct its business.&nbsp;&nbsp;Certain
states have laws restricting or forbidding a combined pub and brewery.&nbsp;&nbsp;Furthermore
 U.S. Treasury Department
 Bureau
of Alcohol
 Tobacco and Firearms (&quot;BATF&quot;) regulations prohibit
 among other things
 the payment of beer slotting allowances
to retailers. These regulations have the effect of preventing competitors with greater financial resources from excluding smaller
brewers from retailers.&nbsp;&nbsp;Any repeal or substantial modification of these regulations or the enactment of any new legislation
or regulations could have a material adverse effect on the business
 financial condition and results of operations of EBC.



    
    


The
distribution of alcohol-based beverages is also subject to extensive federal and state taxation.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our operations may
be subject to increased taxation as compared with those of non-alcohol related businesses.&nbsp;&nbsp;In such event
 we have to
raise prices on our products in order to maintain profit margins.&nbsp;&nbsp;The effect of such an increase could negatively impact
our sales or profitability.

We
face various operating hazards
 which if not addressed correctly
 could result in the reduction of our operations and the loss
of your investment.

EBC&rsquo;s
operations are subject to certain hazards and liability risks faced by all brewers
 such as potential contamination of ingredients
or products by bacteria or other external agents that may be wrongfully or accidentally introduced into products or packaging.&nbsp;&nbsp;EBC&rsquo;s
products are not pasteurized.&nbsp;&nbsp;While EBC has never experienced a contamination problem in their products
 the occurrence
of such a problem could result in a costly product recall and serious damage to the reputation of EBC for product quality.&nbsp;&nbsp;EBC&rsquo;s
operations also subject employees and others to certain injury and liability risks normally associated with the operation and
possible malfunction of brewing and other equipment.&nbsp;&nbsp;Although EBC maintains insurance against certain risks under various
general liability and product liability insurance policies
 no assurance can be given that EBC&rsquo;s insurance will be adequate
to fully cover any incidents of product contamination or injuries resulting from brewery operations.&nbsp;We cannot assure
you that we will be able to continue to maintain insurance with adequate coverage for liabilities or risks arising from our business
operations on acceptable terms.&nbsp;&nbsp;Even if the insurance is adequate
 insurance premiums could increase significantly
which could result in higher costs to us.

Litigation
and publicity concerning product quality
 health and other issues
 which can result in liabilities and also cause customers to
avoid our products
 could adversely affect our results of operations
 business and financial condition.

Beverage
and food service businesses can be adversely affected by litigation and complaints from customers or government authorities resulting
from food and beverage quality
 illness
 injury or other health concerns or operating issues stemming from consumption of products.&nbsp;Adverse
publicity about these allegations may negatively affect us
 regardless of whether the allegations are true
 by discouraging customers
from buying our products. We could also incur significant liabilities
 if a lawsuit or claim results in a decision against us
or litigation costs
 regardless of the result.&nbsp;&nbsp;Further
 any litigation may cause our key employees to expend resources
and time normally devoted to the operations of our business.

The
alcohol-based beverage industry also faces the possibility of class action or other similar litigation alleging that the continued
excessive use or abuse of alcohol-based beverages has caused death or serious health problems.&nbsp;&nbsp;It is also possible
that federal or state governments could assert that the use of alcohol-based beverages has significantly increased that portion
of health care costs paid for by the government.&nbsp;Litigation or assertions of this type have adversely affected companies
in the tobacco industry.&nbsp;&nbsp;It is possible
 however
 that our suppliers could be named in litigation of this type which
could have a negative impact on their business and
 in turn
 could also have a significant negative impact on our business.

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock and the Share Exchange

Investors
who choose to purchase shares of EBC common stock if and when offered
 may have difficulty in reselling their shares due to the
lack of market or state Blue Sky laws.

As
of the date of this Report
 our common stock is being trading on the OTC Markets. The stock is trading in small quantities and
there can be no guarantee that aa large market will ever develop for our common stock
 or if developed
 may not be sustained in
the future.&nbsp;Investors should be aware that there might be additional significant state law restrictions upon the ability
of investors to resell our shares.&nbsp;



    
    


Sales
of our common stock under Rule 144 could reduce the price of our stock.

All
of our outstanding common shares are currently eligible for resale under Rule 144. In general
 persons holding restricted securities
in a publicly reporting company that is providing current public information meeting the requirements of Rule 144
 including affiliates
must hold their shares for a period of at least six months.&nbsp;&nbsp;Because EBC was previously a &ldquo;shell company&rdquo;
as defined in the rules of the SEC
 Rule 144 is unavailable until one year from the date on which EBC filed &ldquo;Form 10 information&rdquo;
with the SEC (namely
 December 15
 2015)
 which was contained in this Proxy Statement/Registration Statement and was incorporated
by reference into the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 15
 2015. Additionally
 affiliates of EBC may not sell more
than one percent of the total issued and outstanding shares in any 90-day period and must resell the shares in an unsolicited
brokerage transaction at the market price. At the current time
 all of our common stock has become available for resale under
Rule 144
 since one year has transpired since the Company has filed the Form 10 information
 and with the sale of any volume of
these shares the market prices for our common stock may be reduced.

We
may
 in the future
 issue additional securities
 which would reduce our stockholders&rsquo; percent of ownership and may dilute
our share value.

Our
Certificate of Incorporation authorizes us to issue 100
000
000 shares of common stock. As of the date of this annual report
we had 4
826
463shares of common stock outstanding. Accordingly
 we may issue up to an additional 95
173
537 shares of common
stock. The future issuance of common stock may result in additional dilution in the percentage of our common stock held by our
then existing stockholders. We may value any common stock issued in the future on an arbitrary basis including for services or
acquisitions or other corporate actions that may have the effect of diluting the value of the shares held by our stockholders
and might have an adverse effect on any trading market for our common stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;Additionally
 our board of directors may
designate the rights terms and preferences of one or more series of preferred stock at its discretion including conversion and
voting preferences without prior notice to our stockholders.&nbsp;&nbsp;Any of these events could have a dilutive effect on the
ownership of our shareholders
 and the value of shares owned.

Raising
additional capital may cause dilution to our existing stockholders.

We
may seek additional capital through a combination of private and public equity offerings
 debt financings
 collaborations
 and
strategic and licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of common stock or securities
convertible or exchangeable into common stock
 your ownership interest in EBC will be diluted.

Raising
additional capital may restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights.

We
may seek additional capital through a combination of private and public equity offerings
 debt financings
 collaborations
 and
strategic and licensing arrangements.&nbsp;&nbsp;To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of common stock
or securities convertible or exchangeable into common stock
 the terms of any such securities may include liquidation or other
preferences that materially adversely affect your rights as a stockholder.&nbsp;Debt financing
 if available
 would increase
our fixed payment obligations and may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific
actions
 such as incurring additional debt
 making capital expenditures or declaring dividends.&nbsp;&nbsp;If we raise additional
funds through collaboration
 strategic partnerships and licensing arrangements with third parties
 we may have to relinquish valuable
rights to our intellectual property
 future revenue streams or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us.

Market
volatility may affect our stock price and the value of your shares.

The
market price for our common stock is likely to be volatile
 in part because our common stock has not been previously traded publicly.
In addition
 the market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors
 most of which
we cannot control
 including
 among others:



    
    
announcements
    of new products
 brands
 commercial relationships
 acquisitions or other events by us or our competitors;&nbsp;




    
    




    
    
regulatory
    or legal developments in the United States and other countries;&nbsp;

    
    
    

    
    
fluctuations
    in stock market prices and trading volumes of similar companies;&nbsp;

    
    
    

    
    
general
    market conditions and overall fluctuations in U.S. equity markets;&nbsp;

    
    
    

    
    
variations
    in our quarterly operating results;&nbsp;

    
    
    

    
    
changes
    in our financial guidance or securities analysts' estimates of our financial performance;&nbsp;

    
    
    

    
    
changes
    in accounting principles;&nbsp;

    
    
    

    
    
our
    ability to raise additional capital and the terms on which we can raise it;&nbsp;

    
    
    

    
    
sales
    of large blocks of our common stock
 including sales by our executive officers
 directors and significant stockholders;&nbsp;

    
    
    

    
    
additions
    or departures of key personnel;&nbsp;

    
    
    

    
    
discussion
    of us or our stock price by the press and by online investor communities; and&nbsp;

    
    
    

    
    
other
    risks and uncertainties described in these risk factors.


An
active public market for our common stock may not be sustained. We will work to negotiate and determine the initial public sale
price with our market makers
 but this price may not be indicative of prices that will prevail in the trading market.&nbsp;&nbsp;

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports or publish misleading
 inaccurate or unfavorable
research about us
 our business or our market
 our stock price and trading volume could decline.

The
trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that securities or industry analysts may publish
about us
 our business
 our market or our competitors. We do not currently have and may never obtain research coverage by securities
and industry analysts. If no or few securities or industry analysts cover our company
 the trading price and volume of our stock
would likely be negatively impacted. If we obtain securities or industry analyst coverage and if one or more of the analysts who
covers us downgrades our stock or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business
 or provides more favorable
relative recommendations about our competitors
 our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases
coverage of us or fails to publish reports on us regularly
 demand for our stock could decrease
 which could cause our stock price
or trading volume to decline.

Future
sales of our common stock may cause our stock price to decline.

Sales
of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market or the perception that these sales might occur could
significantly reduce the market price of our common stock and impair our ability to raise adequate capital through the sale of
additional equity securities.

We
will be subject to penny stock regulations and restrictions
 and you may have difficulty selling shares of our common stock.

The
SEC has adopted regulations which generally define so-called &ldquo;penny stocks&rdquo; to be an equity security that has a market
price less than $5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share
 subject to certain exemptions. We anticipate
that our common stock will become a &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo;
 and we will become subject to Rule 15g-9 under the Exchange Act
or the &ldquo;Penny Stock Rule&rdquo;. This rule imposes additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that sell such
securities to persons other than established customers. For transactions covered by Rule 15g-9
 a broker-dealer must make a special
suitability determination for the purchaser and have received the purchaser&rsquo;s written consent to the transaction prior to
sale. As a result
 this rule may affect the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities and may affect the ability of purchasers
to sell any of our securities in the secondary market.



    
    


For
any transaction involving a penny stock
 unless exempt
 the rules require delivery
 prior to any transaction in a penny stock
of a disclosure schedule prepared by the SEC relating to the penny stock market. Disclosure is also required to be made about
sales commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities.
Finally
 monthly statements are required to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account
and information on the limited market in penny stock.

We
do not anticipate that our common stock will qualify for exemption from the Penny Stock Rule. In any event
 even if our common
stock were exempt from the Penny Stock Rule
 we would remain subject to Section 15(b)(6) of the Exchange Act
 which gives the
SEC the authority to restrict any person from participating in a distribution of penny stock
 if the SEC finds that such a restriction
would be in the public interest.

Our
compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and SEC rules concerning internal controls may be time consuming
 difficult and costly.

EBC&rsquo;s
executive officers do not have experience being an officer of a public company.&nbsp;&nbsp; It may be time consuming
 difficult
and costly for us to develop and implement the internal controls and reporting procedures required by Sarbanes-Oxley.&nbsp;&nbsp;We
may need to hire additional financial reporting
 internal controls and other finance staff in order to develop and implement appropriate
internal controls and reporting procedures.&nbsp;&nbsp;If we are unable to comply with Sarbanes-Oxley&rsquo;s internal controls
requirements
 we may not be able to obtain the independent accountant certifications that Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires publicly-traded
companies to obtain.

EBC
may issue Preferred Stock with voting and conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power of the holders of Common
Stock.

Although
EBC presently has no intention to do so without stockholder approval
 which may be obtained solely through the votes of its management
and board of directors
 the Board may issue Preferred Stock with voting and conversion rights that could adversely affect the
voting power of the holders of Common Stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;Any such provision may be deemed to have a potential anti-takeover effect
and the issuance of Preferred Stock in accordance with such provision may delay or prevent a change of control of EBC.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Board of Directors also may declare a dividend on any outstanding shares of Preferred Stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;



    
    


We
may never pay dividends to shareholders
 which could reduce the monetary gain you may realize on your investment

We
have not declared or paid any cash dividends or distributions on our capital stock.&nbsp; We currently intend to retain our future
earnings
 if any
 to support operations and to finance expansion and therefore we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends
on our common stock in the foreseeable future.

The
declaration
 payment and amount of any future dividends will be made at the discretion of the board of directors
 and will depend
upon
 among other things
 the results of our operations
 cash flows and financial condition
 operating and capital requirements
and other factors as the board of directors considers relevant.&nbsp; There is no assurance that future dividends will be paid
and
 if dividends are paid
 there is no assurance with respect to the amount of any such dividend.&nbsp; If EBC does not pay dividends
EBC&rsquo;s common stock may be less valuable because a return on an investor&rsquo;s investment will only occur if EBC&rsquo;s
stock price appreciates.



    
UNRESOLVED
    STAFF COMMENTS.


Not
required for Smaller Reporting Companies.



ITEM
    
    


Office
Locations - 
 Santa Ana
 CA 92707 and warehouse space at 3815 S. Main Street
Santa Ana
 CA 92707(2
000 square feet) and it rents space for its mill at 3859 S. Main Street
 Santa Ana
 CA 92707 (1
500 square
feet). The combined rent for the office and warehouse space along with the mill is $3
944 a month
 based on an annual lease that
renews in August. Management believes that the office space that it has is adequate for now.



ITEM
    
LEGAL
    PROCEEDINGS.






ITEM
    
MINE
    SAFETY DISCLOSURES.


Not
applicable.



    
    


PART
II



ITEM
    
MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER
    MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.&nbsp;


Evans
Brewing Company Inc. (&ldquo;EBC&rdquo;)
 was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on June 18
 2013
 as ALPINE
3 Inc. On July 3
 2013
 EBC filed a Registration Statement on Form 10 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;)
to become a public company.

EBC
was formed by Richard Chiang
 who was the initial stockholder and the initial sole officer and director. On April 19
 2014
 the
Board of Director appointed Mr. Michael J. Rapport and Mr. Evan Rapport to the Board of Directors.

On
April 4
 2014
 Mr. Chiang entered into a Share Purchase Agreement pursuant to which he sold an aggregate of 10
000
000 shares
of EBC&rsquo;s common stock to The Michael J. Rapport Trust (the &ldquo;Trust&rdquo;) for a purchase price of $40
000. Pursuant
to the Share Purchase Agreement
 the Trust became the sole shareholder of EBC
 owning 100% of the issued and outstanding shares
of EBC&rsquo;s common stock.

Immediately
following the closing of the Share Purchase Agreement transaction
 Mr. Chiang tendered his resignation as EBC&rsquo;s President
Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer
 Secretary and Chairman of the Board of Directors. Michael J. Rapport
 acting
as a member of the Registrant&rsquo;s Board of Directors
 accepted Mr. Chiang&rsquo;s resignation. The resignations were in connection
with the consummation of the Share Purchase Agreement with the Trust
 and were not the result of any disagreement with EBC on
any matter relating to EBC&rsquo;s operations
 policies
 or practices. Following Mr. Chiang&rsquo;s resignations
 Michael Rapport
appointed himself as President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer
 Secretary and Chairman of the Board of Directors
of EBC. Michael Rapport also appointed Evan Rapport as to serve as EBC's Vice President. Biographical Information for Michael
J. Rapport and for Evan Rapport is included below. Michael Rapport is the father of Evan Rapport.

On
October 15
 2014
 Bayhawk (Ales
 Inc. (&ldquo;Bayhawk&rdquo;) and the Company entered into an Asset Purchase and Share Exchange
Agreement (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;)
 subject to receiving approval of the independent Bayhawk shareholders who vote on the
transaction. On September 17
 2015
 the independent Bayhawk shareholders approved the agreement by a vote of 251
212 shares for
and 1
600 shares against. As such
 Bayhawk sold to EBC
 and EBC purchased from Bayhawk
 the assets of Bayhawk
 including but not
limited to: (A) all assets
 including personal property
 intellectual property
 inventory
 contracts
 websites
 documents
 and
all other assets however delineated relating to the Bayhawk Ales label (as defined in the Agreement and discussed in more detail
below) and (B) all assets
 including personal property
 intellectual property
 inventory
 contracts
 websites
 documents
 and
all other assets however delineated relating to the Evans Brands (as defined in the Agreement and discussed in more detail below)(collectively
the &ldquo;Transferred Assets&rdquo;). The transaction closed on December 10
 2015. Bayhawk retained ownership of 100% of the
stock in Evans Brewing CO (CA) (&ldquo;Evans Brewing California&rdquo;) which has the brewers license at City Brewery in Lacrosse
WI (where the non-craft brands will be brewed
 with the balance of the craft brands being brewed in Irvine
 California). Based
on the affirmative vote by the independent Bayhawk shareholders to approve the Asset Purchase transaction
 EBC proceeded with
the share exchange and tender offer to the Bayhawk shareholders
 pursuant to which EBC offered to exchange shares of EBC common
stock for shares of Bayhawk common stock
 on a one-for-one basis (the &ldquo;Exchange Offer&rdquo;). Bayhawk shareholders had
until December 2
 2015
 to tender their Bayhawk shares in the share exchange. Bayhawk shareholders also had until December 2
2015
 to rescind the exchange of shares. There also was no minimum number of shares of Bayhawk common stock that must be tendered
for the Exchange Offer to close. At the close of the share exchange on December 2
 2015
 Premier Stock Transfer accepted on behalf
of EBC 4
033
863 Bayhawk. shares and issued 4
033
863 shares of EBC common stock upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in the Asset Purchase and Share Exchange Agreement by and between EBC and Bayhawk
 dated October 15
 2014
 as amended
(the &ldquo;Asset Purchase Agreement&rdquo;). EBC filed a copy of the Asset Purchase Agreement as an annex to a combination registration
statement and proxy statement on Form S-4. The Bayhawk shares were validly tendered pursuant to the Exchange Offer and not withdrawn.

Market
Information

Our
Common Stock is currently trading on the OTC QB.

Description
of Securities

The
Company&rsquo;s authorized capital stock consists of 100
000
000 shares of common stock
 par value $0.0001 per share
 and 10
000
000
shares of preferred stock
 $0.0001 par value per share.&nbsp;As of December 31
 2016
 there were 4
757
463 shares of common stock
outstanding and 1
000
000 shares of preferred stock were outstanding. &nbsp;As of December 31
 2015
 an aggregate of 4
469
863
shares of our common stock were issued and outstanding and 0 shares of our preferred stock were outstanding.&nbsp;&nbsp;

Common
Stock 
do not have preemptive rights to purchase shares in any future issuance of our common stock. Upon our liquidation
 dissolution
or winding up
 and after payment of creditors and preferred stockholders
 if any
 our assets will be divided pro-rata on a share-for-share
basis among the holders of the shares of common stock.

The
holders of shares of our common stock are entitled to dividends out of funds legally available when and as declared by our board
of directors. Our board of directors has never declared a cash dividend and does not anticipate declaring any dividend in the
foreseeable future. In the event of our liquidation
 dissolution or winding up
 holders of our common stock are entitled to receive
ratably
 the net assets available to stockholders after payment of all creditors and preferred stockholders.



    
    


Preferred
Stock
000
000 shares of preferred stock
with a par value of $.0001 per share. As of the date of this report
 there are 1
000
000 shares of preferred stock issued and
outstanding. Our Board of Directors has the authority
 without further action by the shareholders
 to issue from time to time
the preferred stock in one or more series for such consideration and with such relative rights
 privileges
 preferences and restrictions
that the Board may determine. The preferences
 powers
 rights and restrictions of different series of preferred stock may differ
with respect to dividend rates
 amounts payable on liquidation
 voting rights
 conversion rights
 redemption provisions
 sinking
fund provisions and purchase funds and other matters. The issuance of preferred stock could adversely affect the voting power
or other rights of the holders of common stock.

Holders
of Common stock

At
March 30
 2017
 there were 600 registered shareholders otherwise entitled to hold our common shares.

Transfer
Agent and Registrar

Globex
Transfer
 LLC is currently the transfer agent and registrar for our common stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;Its address is 780 Deltona Blvd
suite 202
 Deltona
 FL 32725.&nbsp;&nbsp;Its phone number is&nbsp;(813) 344-4490.

Dividend
Policy

There
are no restrictions in our articles of incorporation or bylaws that restrict us from declaring dividends. The Delaware General
Corporate Laws
 however
 do prohibit us from declaring dividends where
 after giving effect to the distribution of the dividend:



    
    
we
    would not be able to pay our debts as they become due in the usual course of business; or

    
    
    

    
    
our
    total assets would be less than the sum of our total liabilities
 plus the amount that would be needed to satisfy the rights
    of shareholders who have preferential rights superior to those receiving the distribution.


We
have not declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock since our inception
 and our Board of Directors currently intends
to retain all earnings for use in the business for the foreseeable future.&nbsp;&nbsp;Any future payment of dividends to holders
of common stock will depend upon our results of operations
 financial condition
 cash requirements
 and other factors deemed relevant
by our Board of Directors.

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans

The
Company has set up a compensation plan where each of the board members will receive 1
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common
stock annually for their services.&nbsp;

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities

The
only activity in the unregistered securities was on October 9
 2014
 when The Michael J. Rapport Trust (the &ldquo;Trust&rdquo;)
agreed to the cancellation of 9
600
000 of the shares of common stock that it had acquired and retained 400
000 shares of common
stock. The board also awarded 6
000 shares of common stock to its members for services and also issued 30
000 shares of common
stock to Tech Associates
 Inc. (a company owned by Richard Chiang) for services rendered pursuant to a consulting agreement. The
Company&rsquo;s total shares of common stock outstanding as of December 31
 2014 were 436
000.

In
each of the transactions listed above
 the securities were issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933
 as
amended
 (the &ldquo;Securities Act&rdquo;) and rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.&nbsp;&nbsp;None of the transactions
involved a public offering.

On
December 2
 2015
 Premier Stock Transfer accepted on behalf of EBC.
 4
033
863 Bayhawk shares and issued 4
033
863 shares of EBC
common stock upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Asset Purchase and Share Exchange Agreement by and
between EBC and Bayhawk
 dated October 15
 2014
 as amended (the &ldquo;Asset Purchase Agreement&rdquo;). EBC filed a copy of
the Asset Purchase Agreement as an annex to a combination registration statement and proxy statement on Form S-4. The Bayhawk
shares were validly tendered pursuant to the Exchange Offer and not withdrawn.



    
    


The
EBC shares issued in connection with the Share Exchange were issued pursuant to the effective registration statement on Form S-4.

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers





    
SELECTED
FINANCIAL DATA.


Not
required for Smaller Reporting Companies.



    
MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.


There
are statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not historical facts. These &ldquo;forward-looking statements&rdquo;
can be identified by use of terminology such as &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;hope
&rdquo; &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo;
&ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo;
&ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;positioned
&rdquo; &ldquo;strategy&rdquo; and similar expressions. You should be aware that these
forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that are beyond our control. For a discussion of these risks
you should read this entire proxy statement/registration statement carefully
 especially the risks discussed under &ldquo;Risk
Factors.&rdquo; Although management believes that the assumptions underlying the forward looking statements included in this proxy
statement/registration statement are reasonable
 they do not guarantee our future performance
 and actual results could differ
from those contemplated by these forward looking statements. The assumptions used for purposes of the forward-looking statements
specified in the following information represent estimates of future events and are subject to uncertainty as to possible changes
in economic
 legislative
 industry
 and other circumstances. As a result
 the identification and interpretation of data and other
information and their use in developing and selecting assumptions from and among reasonable alternatives require the exercise
of judgment. To the extent that the assumed events do not occur
 the outcome may vary substantially from anticipated or projected
results
 and
 accordingly
 no opinion is expressed on the achievability of those forward-looking statements. In the light of these
risks and uncertainties
 there can be no assurance that the results and events contemplated by the forward-looking statements
contained in this proxy statement/registration statement will in fact transpire. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance
on these forward-looking statements
 which speak only as of their dates. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update or revise
any forward-looking statements. The following discussion and analysis of the results of operations and financial condition of
Evans Brewing Company
 Inc (Formerly ALPINE 3
 Inc.) should be read in conjunction with the Selected Combined Financial Data
Evans Brewing Company&rsquo;s financial statements
 and the notes to those financial statements that are included elsewhere in
this Form 10-K.

Overview
and Highlights

Company
Background

Evans
Brewing Company Inc. (&ldquo;EBC&rdquo;)
 was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on June 18
 2013
 as ALPINE
3
 Inc. On July 3
 2013
 EBC filed a Registration Statement on Form 10 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;)
to become a public company.

EBC
was formed by Richard Chiang
 who was the initial stockholder and the initial sole officer and director. On April 19
 2014
 the
Board of Director appointed Mr. Michael J. Rapport and Mr. Evan Rapport to the Board of Directors.

On
April 4 2014
 Mr. Chiang entered into a Share Purchase Agreement pursuant to which he sold an aggregate of 10
000
000 shares of
EBC&rsquo;s common stock to The Michael J. Rapport Trust (the &ldquo;Trust&rdquo;) for a purchase price of $40
000. Pursuant to
the Share Purchase Agreement
 the Trust became the sole shareholder of EBC
 owning 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of
EBC&rsquo;s common stock.



    
    


Immediately
following the closing of the Share Purchase Agreement transaction
 Mr. Chiang tendered his resignation as EBC&rsquo;s President
Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer
 Secretary and Chairman of the Board of Directors. Michael J. Rapport
 acting
as a member of the Registrant&rsquo;s Board of Directors
 accepted Mr. Chiang&rsquo;s resignation. The resignations were in connection
with the consummation of the Share Purchase Agreement with the Trust
 and were not the result of any disagreement with EBC on
any matter relating to EBC&rsquo;s operations
 policies
 or practices. Following Mr. Chiang&rsquo;s resignations
 Michael Rapport
appointed himself as President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer
 Secretary and Chairman of the Board of Directors
of EBC. Michael Rapport also appointed Evan Rapport as to serve as EBC's Vice President. Biographical Information for Michael
J. Rapport and for Evan Rapport is included below. Michael Rapport is the father of Evan Rapport.

Pursuant
to negotiations between EBC&rsquo;s management and the management of Bayhawk Ales Inc. (&ldquo;Bayhawk&rdquo;)
 EBC and Bayhawk
determined to enter into an Asset Purchase and Share Exchange Agreement (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;)
 subject to the approval
by the stockholders of Bayhawk
 as discussed herein. Pursuant to the Agreement
 EBC acquired the assets and operations of Bayhawk
including the assets and operations Evans Brewing Company
 a California corporation (&ldquo;Evans Brewing California&rdquo;)
but not including the owners of the outstanding shares of Evans Brewing California common stock
 which Bayhawk retained. Bayhawk
and EBC are under common control by our majority shareholder at the time of the share exchange and as a result the transaction
will be accounted for as a business combination under common control
 a method similar to the pooling-of-interest method (&quot;Pooling-of-Interest&quot;).
EBC will be the operating entity going forward. The financial statements reflect the combined operations and combined history
of both companies.

EBC
has also acquired a restaurant
 The Public House by Evans Brewing Company
 which occurred on September 29
 2016
 in a share exchange
agreement with Michael Rapport. Michael J Rapport is the CEO of Evans Brewing Company and as a result EBC and The Public House
are under common control. The transaction will therefore be treated as a business combinations as was EBC and Bayhawk.

Results
of Operations for the twelve months ended December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015.

Our
operating results are summarized as follows:



    
 December&nbsp;31
 2016
 December&nbsp;31
 2015

    
1
954
428
1
952
301

    
1
588
185
1
456
613

    
1
298
350
849
827

    
(193
213
14
210

    
(1
127
727
(353
923




During
the year ended December 31
 2016
 the sales of Evans Brewing Company
 Inc. were $1
954
428 compared $1
952
301 for the same period
ending December 31
 2015. The current year sales remained very closely the same as the previous year sales in spite of the acquisition
of the restaurant which increased sales by $218
916 because this was offset by a decrease in the sales of malt liquor by $182
242.
The decrease in the malt liquor sales were due to a shortage of cans to package the beer in over a two-month period of time. The
Company was not able to make up the sales lost over this period of time.

Operating
Expenses

Operating
expenses for the year ended December 31
 2016
 were $1
298
350 compared to $849
827 for the year ended December 31
 2015. The
increase in operating expenses are largely attributable to the acquisition of The Public House Restaurant that added $199
300
of operating expenses along with the stock awards for bonuses and board fees valued at $190
585 and an increase in legal fees
related to our S-1 registration statement that was filed in September of 2016
 and the administrative costs associated with the
annual stockholder meeting that was held in June of 2016.

Interest
Expense:

Interest
expense for the year ended December 31
 2016
 was $23
252
 compared to $12
197
 for the year ended December 31
 2015. The amount
of this interest that is associated with related party interest is $15
299 for the year ended December 31
 2016
 and $7
754 for
the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015.


    
    


Other
Income (Loss):


December 31
 2016
 was ($193
213) compared to $22
411 for the year ended December 31
 2015. The 2016
 amount is made up of
$23
252 of interest expense and 4
961 to write off prior year errors
 and $165
000 to write off goodwill that was on the EBC
Public House books at the time of the acquisition Evans Public House. The 2015
 amount is associated with the claim
receivable established by EBC in 2014 for the fire that damaged the brewery. EBC was paid $322
410 by the insurance company
in 2015
 with $300
000 offsetting the receivable and the balance treated as other income.

Net
Loss:

Net
loss from operations for the year ended December 31
 2016
 was $1
127
727
 compared to a loss of $353
923 for the year ended December
31
 2015. The net loss for the fiscal year ended December 31
 20156
 was made up of a loss from operations of $932
106
 plus other
expense of $193
213
 plus a loss from taxes paid of $2
408. The net loss for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2015
 was made
up of a loss from operations of $354
138
 less other income of $14
210
 plus a loss from taxes paid of $13
995.

Liquidity
and Capital Resources

Working
Capital



    





    
572
250
737
564

    
1
050
884
487
760

    
(478
634
249
804


Cash
Flows




    
 December&nbsp;31
 2016
 December&nbsp;31
 2015

    
(854
351
75
417

    
(850
998
(337
844

    
1
497
955
247
372

    
(207
395
(15
055


Cash
Used In Operating Activities


 2016
 cash
used in operating activities was made up mainly of the loss of $1
127
727 plus increase in inventory of $61
356
 the acquisition
of a liquor license for Public House of $50
000
 reduction in deposits of $52
600
 increase in accrued expenses of $41
874
 stock
awards issued for board fees and bonuses valued at $190
650 and depreciation of $90
896. For the year ended December 30
 2015
cash used in operating activities was the made up mainly of the loss of $353
923 offset by the reduction in claims receivable
of $300
000
 reduction in deposits of $86
000
 decrease in inventory and depreciation of $46
396.


Cash
used in investing activities:

For
the year ended December 31
 2016
 cash used in investing activities was $850
998 used for the purchase of fixed assets. For the
year ended December 31
 2015
 cash used in investing activities was $337
844 used for the purchase of fixed assets.



    
    



Cash
from Financing Activities


 2016
cash provided by financing activities of $1
497
955
 consisted of $1
093
692 value received for issuance of 1
000
000 shares of
preferred stock plus $43
753 received from sale of stock
 $43
000 received from a line of credit
 $396
197 for the issuance of
related party notes payable
 offset by payments on notes payable of $78
688. For the year ended December 31
 2015
 cash used in
financing activities consisted of $247
372 received from issuance of notes payable of $184
042
 and related party notes payable
of $90
000
 offset by lease equipment payment of $26
670.

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements

There
are no off-balance sheet arrangements between EBC and any other entity that have
 or are reasonably likely to have
 a current
or future effect on the financial condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to stockholders.





have been prepared on a going concern basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in
the normal course of business. As of December 31
 2016
 the Company has an accumulated deficit of $2
562
037. The Company requires
capital for its contemplated operational and marketing activities. The Company&rsquo;s ability to raise additional capital through
the future issuances of common stock is unknown. The obtainment of additional financing
 the successful development of the Company&rsquo;s
contemplated plan of operations
 and its transition
 ultimately
 to the attainment of profitable operations are necessary for the
Company to continue operations. The ability to successfully resolve these factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s
ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements of the Company do not include any adjustments that may result
from the outcome of these aforementioned uncertainties.

Impact
of Inflation

The
business will have to absorb any inflationary increases on development costs in the short-term
 with the expectation that it will
be able to pass inflationary increases on costs on to customers through price increases on the release of new/enhanced products
into the market and hence management does not expect inflation to be a significant factor in our business.

Critical
Accounting Policies

The
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements
 which have
been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial
statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses
and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis
 we evaluate our estimates based on historical
experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances
 the results of which form
the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.
Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.

Management
believes that the application of these policies on a consistent basis enables us to provide useful and reliable financial information
about our operating results and financial condition.&nbsp;&nbsp;Some of the critical accounting estimates are detailed below.

Critical
Accounting Estimates and New Accounting Pronouncements

Critical
Accounting Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. (&ldquo;U.S GAAP&rdquo;)
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures in the financial statements.&nbsp;Management
considers an accounting estimate to be critical if:



    
    
it
    requires assumptions to be made that were uncertain at the time the estimate was made
 and

    
    
    

    
    
changes
    in the estimate or different estimates that could have been selected could have a material impact on our results of operations
    or financial condition.


EBC
bases its estimates and judgments on our experience
 our current knowledge
 and our beliefs of what could occur in the future
our observation of trends in the industry
 information provided by our customers and information available from other sources.
Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.&nbsp;&nbsp;We have identified the following
accounting policies and estimates as those that we believe are most critical to our financial condition and results of operations
and that require management&rsquo;s most subjective and complex judgments in estimating the effect of inherent uncertainties:
share-based compensation expense
 income taxes
 and derivative financial instruments.



    
    


Share-Based
EBC plans to calculate share-based compensation expense for option awards and warrant
issuances (&quot;Share-based Awards&quot;) based on the estimated grant/issue-date fair value using the Black-Scholes-Merton option
pricing model (&quot;Black-Sholes Model&quot;)
 and recognize the expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period
 net
of estimated forfeitures.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The Black-Scholes Model requires the use of a number of assumptions including volatility
of the stock price
 the weighted average risk-free interest rate
 and the vesting period of the Share-based Award in determining
the fair value of Share-based Awards.&nbsp;&nbsp;Although we believe our assumptions used to calculate share-based compensation
expense are reasonable
 these assumptions can involve complex judgments about future events
 which are open to interpretation
and inherent uncertainty.&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition
 significant changes to our assumptions could significantly impact the amount
of expense recorded in a given period.

Income
 As part of the process of preparing our financial statements
 EBC will be required to estimate income taxes in
each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. Our provision for income taxes is determined using the asset and liability approach
to account for income taxes. A current liability is recorded for the estimated taxes payable for the current year. Deferred tax
assets and liabilities are recorded for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial
statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are measured using the enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the timing differences are expected to be recovered or
settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of changes in tax rates or tax laws are recognized in the provision
for income taxes in the period that includes the enactment date.&nbsp;&nbsp;Valuation allowances are established
 when necessary
to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount more-likely-than-not to be realized.&nbsp;&nbsp;Changes in valuation allowances will
flow through the statement of operations unless related to deferred tax assets that expire unutilized or are modified through
translation
 in which case both the deferred tax asset and related valuation allowance are similarly adjusted. Where a valuation
allowance was established through purchase accounting for acquired deferred tax assets
 any future change will be credited or
charged to income tax expense.

The
determination of our provision for income taxes requires significant judgment
 the use of estimates
 and the interpretation and
application of complex tax laws.&nbsp;&nbsp;In the ordinary course of our business
 there are transactions and calculations for
which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain.&nbsp;&nbsp;In spite of our belief that we have appropriate support for all
the positions taken on our tax returns
 we acknowledge that certain positions may be successfully challenged by the taxing authorities.&nbsp;&nbsp;We
determine the tax benefits more likely than not to be recognized with respect to uncertain tax positions.&nbsp;&nbsp;Although
we believe our recorded tax assets and liabilities are reasonable
 tax laws and regulations are subject to interpretation and
inherent uncertainty; therefore
 our assessments can involve both a series of complex judgments about future events and rely on
estimates and assumptions.&nbsp;Although we believe these estimates and assumptions are reasonable
 the final determination
could be materially different than that which is reflected in our provision for income taxes and recorded tax assets and liabilities.

New
Accounting Pronouncements

The
FASB issued ASU 2016-09 in March 2016
 to provide guidance to entities that issue share-based payment awards to their employees
as part of its Simplification Initiative. The objective of the Simplification Initiative is to identify
 evaluate
 and improve
areas of generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) for which cost and complexity can be reduced while maintaining or improving
the usefulness of the information provided to users of financial statements. The areas for simplification in this Update were
identified through outreach for the Simplification Initiative and involve several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment
transactions
 including the income tax consequences
 classification of awards as either equity or liabilities
 and classification
on the statement of cash flows.



    
    


The
FASB issued ASU 2015-11 in July
 2015
 to provide guidance on how an entity should measure inventory within the scope of this
Update at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course
of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation. The amendments in this Update more
closely align the measurement of inventory in GAAP with the measurement of inventory in International Financial Reporting Standards
(IFRS). For public business entities
 the amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
2016
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities
 the amendments in this Update are effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017.
The amendments in this Update should be applied prospectively with earlier application permitted as of the beginning of an interim
or annual reporting period.

The
FASB issued ASU 2014-15 on August 27
 2014
 providing guidance on determining when and how to disclose going-concern uncertainties
in the financial statements. The new standard requires management to perform interim and annual assessments of an entity&rsquo;s
ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date the financial statements are issued. An entity must provide
certain disclosures if &ldquo;conditions or events raise substantial doubt about [the] entity&rsquo;s ability to continue as a
going concern.&rdquo; The ASU applies to all entities and is effective for annual periods ending after December 15
 2016
 and
interim periods thereafter
 with early adoption permitted.

Management
does not believe there would be a material effect on the accompanying financial statements had any other recently issued but not
yet effective accounting standards been adopted in the current period.

Recent
Events

Closing
of Asset Purchase Transaction

On
December 10
 2015
 EBC completed the previously announced acquisition of the assets and liabilities of Bayhawk
 pursuant to an
Asset Purchase and Share Exchange Agreement between EBC and Bayhawk
 dated October 15
 2014 (subsequently amended and restated
on August 6
 2015 (as amended
 the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;)).

Pursuant
to the Agreement
 Bayhawk had agreed to sell
 and EBC had agreed to purchase
 substantially all of Bayhawk&rsquo;s assets
 as
well as its liabilities (collectively
 the &ldquo;Asset Purchase Transaction&rdquo;). The assets and liabilities of Bayhawk include
personal property
 intellectual property
 inventory
 selected distribution contracts
 websites
 documents
 and all other assets
however delineated relating to the Bayhawk Ales labels; and (B) all assets
 including personal property
 intellectual property
inventory
 contracts
 websites
 documents
 and all other assets however delineated relating to the Evans Brands (collectively
the &ldquo;Transferred Assets&rdquo;)
 and the assumption by EBC
 pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the Agreement
of all of the liabilities of Bayhawk (the &ldquo;Assumed Liabilities&rdquo;). (The &ldquo;Evans Brands&rdquo; include the former
assets of Pig&rsquo;s Eye Brewing Company
 including its original beers
 lagers and ales (&ldquo;Pig&rsquo;s Eye Brands&rdquo;)
as well as Evans Lager Original
 Evans Lager Black
 Evans Lager Light
 Bad Kat Ice
 and Dead Presidents.) Pursuant to the Agreement
EBC has the right to purchase from Bayhawk 100% ownership in Evans Brewing Company
 Inc.
 a California corporation (&ldquo;Evans
Brewing California&rdquo;).



    
    


Pursuant
to the Agreement
 EBC and Bayhawk agreed to seek approval of the shareholders of Bayhawk relating to the Asset Purchase Transaction.
Because the principal majority stockholders of Bayhawk are also significant stockholders of EBC
 Bayhawk and EBC agreed to proceed
with the Asset Purchase Transaction if it was approved by the holders of at least a majority of the Independent Shares (i.e. shares
not held by Bayhawk&rsquo;s majority shareholder
 The Michael J. Rapport Trust
 or by Evan Rapport
 who is an officer of EBC and
the son of Michael Rapport) that actually vote on the Asset Purchase Transaction proposal.

As
noted above
 EBC and Bayhawk filed a registration statement on Form S-4 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the
&ldquo;Registration Statement&rdquo;)
 which went effective on August 10
 2015. The Registration Statement included a proxy statement
seeking the votes of the Bayhawk shareholders on the Asset Purchase Transaction by written consent. On September 17
 2015
 the
voting period closed
 and EBC announced that approximately 99% of the shares that were voted had voted in favor of the Asset Purchase
Transaction.

In
connection with the Asset Purchase Transaction
 EBC and Bayhawk entered into a General Assignment and Bill of Sale agreement (the
&ldquo;Bill of Sale&rdquo;) which outlined the specific assets purchased
 as well as an Assignment and Assumption of Liabilities
agreement (the &ldquo;Assumption Agreement) which outlined the specific liabilities of Bayhawk assumed by EBC.

Equipment
Lease to Bayhawk

Following
the closing of the Asset Purchase Transaction
 EBC entered into an equipment lease (the &ldquo;Equipment Lease&rdquo;) with Bayhawk
pursuant to which EBC leased the brewing equipment to Bayhawk. The Equipment Lease was effective as of December 1
 2015
 and continues
month to month. Bayhawk agreed to pay a minimum of $15
000 per month or net profits from operations
 whichever is greater. The
title to the leased equipment will remain with EBC
 and EBC has the right to inspect the equipment and its usage.

The
foregoing summaries of the terms and conditions of the Bill of Sale
 the Assumption Agreement
 and the Equipment Lease (collectively
the &ldquo;Ancillary Agreements&rdquo;) do not purport to be complete
 and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the
full text of the specific Ancillary Agreement
 each of which was attached as an exhibit to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report
on Form 8-K
 filed with the SEC on December 15
 2015.

Change
in Shell Company Status

In
connection with the closing of the Asset Purchase Transaction and the entry into the Bill of Sale and the Assumption Agreement
EBC acquired the assets (other than the ownership of Evans Brewing California)
 the liabilities
 and the operations of Bayhawk.
As such
 on December 10
 2015
 in connection with this acquisition
 EBC ceased to be a shell company as defined in Rule 12b-2
in that it has assets consisting of more than cash and cash equivalents
 and has a business plan and operations.

Share
Exchange

As
discussed in more detail in the Registration Statement
 as partial consideration for the purchase of the Transferred Assets and
the assumption of the Assumed Liabilities
 EBC agreed to offer to exchange shares of EBC common stock for all shares of Bayhawk
common stock that were tendered in connection with such offer
 the transaction being referred to as the &ldquo;Share Exchange.&rdquo;
The ratio of the share exchange is one (1) share of EBC common stock for each one (1) share of Bayhawk common stock.



    
    


Pursuant
to the terms of the Agreement
 the Share Exchange offer was open for a period (the &ldquo;Exchange Period&rdquo;) of seventy-five
(75) calendar days following the closing of the voting for the Asset Purchase Transaction. Bayhawk stockholders could tender shares
of Bayhawk common stock for participation in the Share Exchange during the Exchange Period. Any Bayhawk stockholder who tendered
Bayhawk shares in the Share Exchange had the right to withdraw any such shares tendered at any time until the closing of the Exchange
Period. EBC agreed to use its best efforts to issue the EBC Exchange Shares within three (3) Business Days following the Close
of the Exchange Period. EBC and Bayhawk agreed that upon the expiration of the Exchange Period
 the Share Exchange offer would
be terminated
 and any Bayhawk shareholders who have not tendered their shares of Bayhawk&rsquo;s common stock may not be entitled
to participate in the Share Exchange. Additionally
 any Bayhawk stockholders who elected to not participate in the Share Exchange
would remain stockholders of Bayhawk.

On
December 2
 2015
 Premier Stock Transfer accepted on behalf of Evans Brewing Company
 Inc.
 4
033
863 Bayhawk Ales
 Inc. shares
and issued 4
033
863 shares of Evans Brewing Company
 Inc. shares of common stock upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in the Asset Purchase and Share Exchange Agreement by and between EBC and Bayhawk
 dated October 15
 2014
 as amended
(the &ldquo;Asset Purchase Agreement&rdquo;). EBC filed a copy of the Asset Purchase Agreement as an annex to a combination registration
statement and proxy statement on Form S-4. The Bayhawk shares were validly tendered pursuant to the Exchange Offer and not withdrawn.

Public
House Stock Purchase Agreement

On
September 29
 2016
 the Company acquired 100% of the outstanding shares of EBC Public House from Mr. Rapport and issued 1
000
000
shares of the Company&rsquo;s Series A Preferred Stock to Mr. Rapport. The close of the restaurant was based on the agreement
entered into on December 10
 2015
 wherein
 EBC entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;Public House SPA&rdquo;) with
Michael J. Rapport
 as the sole shareholder of EBC Public House
 Inc.
 a California corporation (&ldquo;Public House&rdquo;)
for the purchase by EBC of 100% of the outstanding shares of Public House from Mr. Rapport
 with the transaction to be closed
following completion of due diligence and certain other conditions outlined below.

By
way of background
 Mr. Rapport formed Public House to purchase a restaurant business located in Fullerton
 California (previously
operated as Steamers Jazz Club). With the completion of the renovation and remodel the agreement to acquire the restaurant closed.
Mr. Rapport was the sole shareholder of Public House.

No
Change of Control

In
connection with the Asset Purchase Transaction
 there was no change in control of EBC. The officers and directors of EBC did not
change
 and the majority ownership of EBC did not change.

Michael
J. Rapport owned
 through The Michael J. Rapport Trust
 a majority of the outstanding common stock of both EBC and Bayhawk. As
such
 following the closing of the Share Exchange
 Mr. Rapport continued to own a majority of the common stock of EBC
 and as
such
 there was no change in control of EBC.

2015
Plan and S-8 Registration Statement

EBC
prepared and filed a Registration Statement in accordance with the requirements of Form S-8 under the Securities Act of 1933
as amended (the &ldquo;Securities Act&rdquo;)
 to register the issuance of up to 2
000
000 shares of its common stock
 par value
$0.0001 per share
 that are reserved for issuance with respect to awards to be granted under the Company&rsquo;s 2015 Stock Option
and Stock Award Plan (the &ldquo;2015 Plan&rdquo;). EBC&rsquo;s Board of Directors and Stockholders approved the adoption of the
2015 Plan in October 2015. As of the date of this Annual Report
 no shares had been issued pursuant to the 2015 Plan or the Registration
Statement.

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements

In
the ordinary course of business
 we enter into agreements with third parties that include indemnification provisions which
 in
our judgment
 are normal and customary for companies in our industry sector.&nbsp;&nbsp;These agreements are typically with business
partners
 and suppliers.&nbsp;&nbsp;Pursuant to these agreements
 we generally agree to indemnify
 hold harmless
 and reimburse
indemnified parties for losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified parties with respect to our product candidates
 use of
such product candidates
 or other actions taken or omitted by us. The maximum potential amount of future payments we could be
required to make under these indemnification provisions is unlimited.&nbsp;&nbsp;We have not incurred material costs to defend
lawsuits or settle claims related to these indemnification provisions.&nbsp;&nbsp;As a result
 the estimated fair value of liabilities
relating to these provisions is minimal.&nbsp;&nbsp;Accordingly
 we have no liabilities recorded for these provisions as of December
31
 2016 or December 31
 2015.

In
the normal course of business
 we may be confronted with issues or events that may result in a contingent liability.&nbsp;&nbsp;These
generally relate to lawsuits
 claims
 environmental actions or the actions of various regulatory agencies. We consult with counsel
and other appropriate experts to assess the claim.&nbsp;&nbsp;If
 in our opinion
 we have incurred a probable loss as set forth
by accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S.
 an estimate is made of the loss and the appropriate accounting entries
are reflected in our financial statements.



    
    


Effects
of Inflation

During
the periods for which financial information is presented
 the Company&rsquo;s business and operations have not been materially
affected by inflation.



    
QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK


Not
required for Smaller Reporting Companies.



    
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA


Our
financial statements and footnotes thereto are set forth beginning on page F-1 of this Report.



    
CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
    AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE


January
2015 Dismissal of Kenne Ruan
 CPA
 P.C.; Engagement of Anton &amp; Chia
 LLP

On
January 21
 2015
 EBC&rsquo;s board of directors dismissed Kenne Ruan
 CPA
 P.C. (&ldquo;KR&rdquo;) as EBC&rsquo;s independent
registered public accounting firm effective immediately.

Other
than an explanatory paragraph included in audit report of KR for the Company's fiscal year ended December 31
 2013
 relating to
the uncertainty of the Company's ability to continue as a going concern
 the audit report of KR on the Company's financial statements
for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013
 and through January 21
 2015
 did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer
of opinion
 nor was it qualified or modified as to uncertainty
 audit scope or accounting principles.

During
the Company's 2013 and 2014 fiscal year and through the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K
 (1) there were no disagreements
with KR on any matter of accounting principles or practices
 financial statement disclosure
 or auditing scope or procedure
 which
if not resolved to the satisfaction of KR
 would have caused KR to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreements in
connection with their report
 and (2) there were no &ldquo;reportable events&rdquo; as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v)
of Regulation S-K.

Also
on January 21
 2015
 upon approval of EBC&rsquo;s Board of Directors
 EBC engaged Anton &amp; Chia
 LLP (&ldquo;A&amp;C&rdquo;)
as EBC&rsquo;s independent registered public accounting firm to audit EBC&rsquo;s financial statements and to perform reviews
of interim financial statements. During the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013
 through January 21
 2015
 neither EBC nor anyone
acting on its behalf consulted with A&amp;C regarding (i) either the application of any accounting principles to a specific completed
or contemplated transaction of the Company
 or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered by A&amp;C on the Company's financial
statements; or (ii) any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement with KR or a reportable event with respect to KR;
(iii) the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements
 and none of the following
was provided to the Company: (a) a written report
 or (b) oral advice that A&amp;C concluded was an important factor considered
by the Company in reaching a decision as to accounting
 auditing or financial reporting issue; or (iv) Any matter that was the
subject of a disagreement
 as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K.

September
2015 Resignation of Anton &amp; Chia; Engagement of Kenne Ruan
 CPA
 P.C.

On
September 4
 2015
 EBC&rsquo;s Board of Directors accepted the resignation of A&amp;C
 dated the same date
 from their engagement
to be EBC&rsquo;s independent certifying accountant. Other than an explanatory paragraph included in A&amp;C&rsquo;s audit report
for EBC&rsquo;s fiscal year ended December 31
 2014
 relating to the uncertainty of BC&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going
concern
 the audit report for fiscal year ended December 31
 2014
 did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion
nor was it qualified or modified as to uncertainty
 audit scope or accounting principles. As described below
 the change in independent
public accounting firms is not the result of any disagreement with A&amp;C. The Board of Directors approved the acceptance of
A&amp;C&rsquo;s resignation.

As
noted above
 A&amp;C was appointed by the Board of Directors to be the auditor on January 21
 2015. There were no disagreements
with A&amp;C on any matter of accounting principles or practices
 financial statement disclosure
 or auditing scope or procedure
which
 if not resolved to the satisfaction of A&amp;C
 would have caused A&amp;C to make reference to the subject matter of the
disagreements in connection with their report
 and (2) there were no &ldquo;reportable events&rdquo; as that term is defined in
Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K.



    
    


On
September 4
 2015
 EBC&rsquo;s Board of Directors approved the engagement of Kenne Ruan
 CPA
 PC (&ldquo;KR&rdquo;)
 as EBC&rsquo;s
independent registered public accounting firm.

By
way of background
 KR was the independent certifying accountant for EBC from its inception in June 2013
 and provided an audit
report dated July 3
 2013
 with respect to EBC&rsquo;s financial statements as of June 30
 2013; and an audit report dated February
7
 2014
 for EBC&rsquo;s financial statements as of December 31
 2013. Additionally
 KR reviewed EBC&rsquo;s financial statements
provided in EBC&rsquo;s quarterly reports for the quarters ended March 31
 June 30
 and September 30
 2014 (collectively
 the
&ldquo;Prior Services&rdquo;). EBC previously dismissed KR on January 21
 2015
 in connection with the appointment of A&amp;C
noted above.

Other
than with respect to the Prior Services outlined above
 EBC has not consulted with KR during its two most recent fiscal years
or during any subsequent interim period prior to its re-appointment as EBC&rsquo;s auditor with respect to the application of
accounting principles to a specified transaction
 either completed or proposed
 or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered
on EBC&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements
 or any other matters or reportable events as defined in Items 304(a)(2)(i) and
(ii) of Regulation S-K.




    
CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES




    
    


Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer
 we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures
 as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated
under the Exchange Act
 as of December 31
 2016.&nbsp;&nbsp;Based on this evaluation
 our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this Report
 our disclosure controls and procedures were
effective and were designed to provide reasonable assurance that&nbsp;information required to be included in our reports filed
or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported as specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and
forms.



    
    


During
the most recent fiscal year
 there has not occurred any change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially
affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting. Our process for evaluating
controls and procedures is continuous and encompasses constant improvement of the design and effectiveness of established controls
and procedures and the remediation of any deficiencies which may be identified during this process.



    
Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting 


Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule
13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that:



    
    
pertain
    to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
    our assets;

    
    
    

    
    
provide
    reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
    with generally accepted accounting principles;



    
    





    
    
provide
    reasonable assurance that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorization of our management
    and directors; and

    
    
    

    
    
provide
    reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of assets that
    could have a material effect on our financial statements.


Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer
 we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on&nbsp;the framework
in &quot;Internal Control&mdash;Integrated Framework&quot; (1992) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission.

Based
on this evaluation
 our management determined that our internal controls over financial reporting were effective as of December
31
 2016
 and designed to provide reasonable assurance that&nbsp;information required to be included in our reports filed or submitted
under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported as specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms.



    
    


Our
disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives.&nbsp;&nbsp;Nevertheless
an internal control system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that
the objectives of the control system are met. Further
 the design of a control system reflects the fact that there are resource
constraints
 and the benefits of controls are considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control
systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within
the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty
and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally
 controls can be circumvented by the individual
acts of some persons
 by collusion of two or more people
 or by management override of the internal control. The design of any
system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
 and there can be no assurance
that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time
 control may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.



    
OTHER
INFORMATION


Not
applicable.



    
    


PART
III



    
DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
 AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.


Directors
Executive Officers
 Promoter and Control Persons

The
table below lists all current officers and directors of EBC.&nbsp;&nbsp;All officers serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors.
The term of office of each of our directors expire at our next Annual Meeting of Shareholders or until their successors are duly
elected and qualified. This list includes Kevin Hammons who was added to the Board of Directors subsequent to the year ended December
31
 2016.



    
    
    
    
    

Michael
    J. Rapport
    
    
    
President/CEO
    and Director

Evan
    Rapport
    
    
    
Vice
    President and Director

Kenneth
    C. Wiedrich
    
    
    
    

Mark
    Lamb
    
    
    
    

Roy
    Roberson
    
    
    
    

Joe
    Ryan
    
    
    
    

Kevin
    Hammons
    
    
    
    


The
business background descriptions of the director and officer are as follows:

Michael
J Rapport
 President/CEO and Director

Michael
Rapport currently serves as the Chairman of the Board of Bayhawk Ales Inc.
 a position he has held since 2013. He also serves
as President of Frontier Aluminum Corporation
 an aluminum extruder company
 since 1990. Additionally
 Mr. Rapport is a Managing
Partner of TresHermanos
 LLC
 and also holds a position as President of Evans Brewing Company. In 2011
 Mr. Rapport and his son
Evan Rapport started Evans Premium Lager
 which has gained international attention
 winning 15 awards for craft lagers. He received
a B.A. degree in Psychology from Antioch West University in 1979.

Evan
Rapport
 Vice President and Director

Evan
Rapport currently serves as the Vice President and a Director of Evans Brewing Company. He is also the President of Bayhawk Ales
Inc.
 a position he has held since 2013. He also serves as a Managing Partner of TresHermanos
 LLC. In 2011
 Mr. Rapport and his
father
 Michael Rapport
 started Evans Premium Lager.

Kenneth
C. Wiedrich


Mr.
Wiedrich is a Senior level Executive with extensive hands-on experience in management
 operational accounting
 reporting for public
companies
 finance functions and in dealing with Board of Directors
 Banks
 Attorneys
 Audit firms and the SEC. He has been the
CFO of a number of small public companies
 some of which were start-up companies
 which he helped through the start-up phase of
their operation. He also has experience with government cost accounting methods and all related government acquisition regulations.

Mark
Lamb
 

Mr.
Lamb is a vice president of Double Diamond Financial a firm engaged in individual and business planning
 where he has worked since
February
 2003. Prior to his employment at Double Diamond Financial
 Mr. Lamb was a registered representative with The Robert
Driver Company
 a financial services firm since October 1999. From October 1996 to October 1999
 he was an account specialist
with Liberty Mutual Group and from May 1994 to October 1996 he was an account executive with Paine Webber Inc. He began his career
in financial services in June 1988 as an investment counselor with Western Financial Planning Corporation. Mr. Lamb holds a Series
7
 Series 66
 Series 63
 and Series 6 licenses with FINRA. He also holds property
 casualty
 life
 health and disability insurance
licenses. Mr. Lamb attended San Diego State University.



    
    


Roy
Roberson
 

Mr.
Roberson P.E. is a professional engineer in the land development industry. He manages real estate development projects and has
held senior management positions at several public and private businesses that serve the land development industry. He is a post-graduate
of development
 real estate
 investment
 finance and strategic planning and management of technical professionals from the University
of California
 Irvine. He received his BS from Texas A&amp;M University
 in civil engineering
 in 1982. He became a registered
civil engineer in the State of California in 1989. Roy is also a founding member of Bayhawk Ales since 1994 through 2013. He has
extensive corporate start up experience in the Southern California region and has also accomplished many real estate projects
that include homes
 golf courses
 schools
 churches
 hospitals
 offices
 bridges
 tunnels
 habitat restoration flood control
water supply as well as for corporate companies such as Space X and Virgin Galactic.

Joe
Ryan
 

Mr.
Ryan is responsible for business development
 sales
 marketing
 and account management&nbsp;at the company he founded
 Graphic
Industries
 a print and interactive production company providing end-to-end solutions for the marketing and communications industry.
Mr. Ryan also founded&nbsp;Accomplice
 a brand packing
 logo design
 website merchandising design
 apparel
 social marketing firm
that provides expertise to clients such as Verizon Wireless
 Grand Canyon Brewing Company
 Los Angeles Dodgers
 Warner Brothers
Entertainment
 and Kawasaki. From 2000 to present
 Mr. Ryan is&nbsp;a founding&nbsp;partner and current sole&nbsp;proprietor of
The&nbsp;Academy of Fine Beers
 where he co-created and developed as well as marketed the Josef BIERBITZCH Golden Pilsner
 Wing
Man American Lager
 Birra Bella and Shenanigans Irish Lager.&nbsp;Ryan recently conceived of and developed a Brewer Series titled
Hail to Rock
 which Bayhawk Ales will produce.

KEVIN
HAMMONS
 Director

Mr.
Hammons is the head brewer of Evans Brewing Company. He has over 7 years of experience in the Craft Brewing business and formerly
was the brewing manager for a boutique Orange County craft brewery where he responsible for supervising and managing a team of
11 employees
 including both the brewer and cellar departments. Mr. Hammons experience also includes operation of a barrel aging
program and ensuring the quality of all beers produced a craft brewing facility.



    
    


There
are no arrangements or understandings between our officers and directors and any other person pursuant to which any director or
officer was or is to be selected as a director or officer
 and there are no arrangements
 plans or understandings as to whether
non-management shareholders will exercise their voting rights to continue to elect the current board of directors. There are also
no arrangements
 agreements or understandings to our knowledge between non-management shareholders that may directly or indirectly
participate in or influence the management of our affairs.

Family
Relationships

Michael
J. Rapport is the father of Evan Rapport.

Other
Directorships

Other
than as indicated within this section none of the Company's directors hold or have been nominated to hold a directorship in any
company with a class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act (the &quot;Act&quot;) or subject to the
requirements of Section 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1933 or any or any company registered as an investment company under the
Investment Company Act of 1940.

Involvement
In Certain Legal Proceedings

During
the past five years
 the Company's officers and directors have not been involved in any of the following: (1) any bankruptcy petition
filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy
or within two years prior to that time; (2) any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding
(excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (3) being subject to any order
 judgment
 or decree
 not subsequently
reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
 permanently or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending
or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business
 securities or banking activities; and (4) being found by a court
of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action)
 the Commission or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated a
federal or state securities or commodities law
 and the judgment has not been reversed
 suspended or vacated.

Committees
of the Board



Board
Meetings and Committees; Annual Meeting Attendance

During
the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company had 3 formal board meetings
 an annual stockholders meeting
 and conducted other
business through written actions.

During
the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company 3 formal Board meetings and conducted other business through written actions.



The
General Corporation Law of Delaware provides that directors
 officers
 employees or agents of Delaware corporations are entitled
under certain circumstances
 to be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys' fees) and other liabilities actually and
reasonably incurred by them in connection with any suit brought against them in their capacity as a director
 officer
 employee
or agent
 if they acted in good faith and in a manner they reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of
the corporation
 and with respect to any criminal action or proceeding
 if they had no reasonable cause to believe their conduct
was unlawful. This statute provides that directors
 officers
 employees and agents may also be indemnified against expenses (including
attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by them in connection with a derivative suit brought against them in their capacity
as a director
 if they acted in good faith and in a manner they reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests
of the corporation
 except that no indemnification may be made without court approval if such person was adjudged liable to the
corporation.



    
    


Our
Certificate of Incorporation provides that we shall indemnify any and all persons whom we shall have power to indemnify to the
fullest extent permitted by the Delaware Corporate Law. Article VII of our By-Laws provides that we shall indemnify our authorized
representatives to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware Law. Our By-Laws also permit us to purchase insurance on behalf
of any such person against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any capacity
 or out of such
person's status as such
 whether or not we would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability under the foregoing
provision of the by-laws.

The
foregoing discussion of indemnification merely summarizes certain aspects of indemnification provisions and is limited by reference
to the above discussed sections of the Delaware Corporation Law.

The
Company's Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws provide that the Company may indemnify to the full extent of its power to do so
all directors
 officers
 employees
 and/or agents.&nbsp;&nbsp;Insofar as indemnification by the Company for liabilities arising
under the Securities Act may be permitted to officers and directors of the Company pursuant to the foregoing provisions or otherwise
the Company is aware that in the opinion of the Commission
 such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the
Securities Act and is
 therefore
 unenforceable.



    
    


Summary
Compensation Table

The
following tables lists the compensation of the Company's principal executive officers and board members for the years ended December
31
 2016 and 2015.&nbsp;&nbsp;The following information includes the dollar value of base salaries
 bonus awards
 the number of
non-qualified Company Options granted and certain other compensation
 if any
 whether paid or deferred.&nbsp;&nbsp;



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 Vice President
    
84
000
    
62
500
    
    
    
    
146
500

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
    
25
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
    
25
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
    
25
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
24
000
    
35
000
    
    
    
    
59
000




    
    
Stock
    award value based on the award of 50
000 shares of common stock.

    
    
Stock
    award value based on the award of 20
000 shares of common stock

    
    
Stock
    award value based on the award of 28
000 shares of common stock




    
    





    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 Vice President
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
20
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
20
000


Compensation
of Directors

Directors
are permitted to receive fixed fees and other compensation for their services as directors. The Board of Directors has the authority
to fix the compensation of directors. On July 20
 2016
 the board determined that members of the board will be granted a stock
award of 20
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. Michael Rapport declined to be awarded shares for his services.

Option
Grants Table

There
were no individual grants of stock options to purchase our common stock made to the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation
Table through to date.

Aggregated
Option Exercises and Fiscal Year-End Option Value Table

There
were no stock options exercised during periods ending December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015 by the executive officer named in
the Summary Compensation Table.



    
    


Long-Term
Incentive Plan (&lsquo;LTIP&rsquo;) Awards Table

There
were no awards made to a named executive officer in the last completed fiscal year under any LTIP.

Compensation
Arrangements with Executive Management

There
were no compensation contracts for any of the executives of the Company at the end of December 31
 2016.



    
SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.


Beneficial
Ownership Table

As
of the date of this Annual Report
 the following table sets forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership
of our Common Stock by (i) each shareholder known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent (5%) of our Common
Stock
 (ii) by each of our current directors and executive officers as identified herein
 and (iii) all of the Company&rsquo;s
directors and executive officers as a group. Each person has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of Common
Stock
 except as otherwise indicated.&nbsp;&nbsp;Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Commission
and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities.&nbsp;&nbsp;Shares of Common Stock and non-qualified
Company Options
 Company Warrants
 and convertible securities that are currently exercisable or convertible into shares of the
Company's Common Stock within sixty (60) days of the date of this document
 are deemed to be outstanding and to be beneficially
owned by the person holding the Company Options
 Company Warrants
 or convertible securities for the purpose of computing the
percentage ownership of the person
 but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of
any other person. Except as set forth below
 the address of each of the individuals listed is care of Evans Brewing Company
 3815
S Main Street
 Santa Ana CA 92707.



    
    
    
    

 Corona
 CA 92880
    
3
242
684
    

    
    
    
    

Michael J. Rapport
President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Chairman
    
3
242
684
    

    
    
    
    


 Vice President
 Irvine
 CA 92860
    
671
458
    

    
    
    
    


 Chief Financial Officer
    
28
000
    

    
    
    
    


 Director
    
23
000
    

    
    
    
    


 Director
    
21
506
    

    
    
    
    


 Director
    
135
583
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
4
222
231
    


*&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Less
than one percent.



    
Percentage
    of ownership is based on the 4
757
463 issued and outstanding shares of Common stock as of December 31
 2016. Duplicate entries
    have been omitted in calculating the shares and percentages as a group.




    
Mr.
    Rapport owns and holds all of his shares through The Michael J. Rapport Trust
 of which he is the Trustee. He owns no shares
    directly.




    
    


Under
Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act
 our officers
 directors and beneficial shareholders may sell up to one percent
(1%) of the total outstanding shares (or an amount of shares equal to the average weekly reported volume of trading during the
four calendar weeks preceding the sale) every three months provided that (i) current public information is available about the
Company
 (ii) the shares have been fully paid for at least one year
 (iii) the shares are sold in a broker&rsquo;s transaction
or through a market-maker
 and (iv) the seller files a Form 4 with the SEC.

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires directors and certain officers of the Company
 as well as persons who own more than 10% of
a registered class of the Company&rsquo;s equity securities (&quot;Reporting Persons&quot;)
 to file reports with the Commission.
The Company believes that during fiscal 2016 and 2015
 all Reporting Persons timely complied with all filing requirements applicable
to them
 except as follows:

Messrs.
Michael Rapport (through the Trust)
 Evan Rapport
 Lamb
 Roberson
 and Ryan all received shares of EBC common stock in connection
with the share exchange
 tendering their shares of Bayhawk common stock for shares of EBC common stock. The shares obtained should
have been reported on Forms 4 filed within 2 days of the closing of the Share Exchange Transaction. Each of the Forms 4 were filed
late.



ITEM
    
    


Related
Party Transactions

Michael
Rapport
 through The Michael J. Rapport Trust
 is the majority shareholder of EBC. On October 9
 2014
 the Trust agreed to the
cancellation of 9
600
000 of the shares
 and retained 400
000 shares. With the completion of the asset Purchase agreement
 Michael
Rapport owns 3
242
684 shares of the Company and Evan Rapport owns 621
458 shares of the Company.

Michael
J. Rapport
 through The Michael J. Rapport Trust
 was a shareholder in Bayhawk Ales
 Inc.
 and participated in the Share Exchange
Transaction
 which was open to all shareholders of Bayhawk. Mr. Rapport
 through the Trust
 tendered 2
841
684 shares of Bayhawk
common stock
 and received 2
841
684 shares of EBC common stock (on the same one-for-one terms as all other Bayhawk shareholders
who elected to tender Bayhawk shares in the Share Exchange Transaction).

During
the year ended December 31
 2016
 Evan Rapport received an award of 50
000 shares for board fee and bonuses bringing the total
shares owned by Evan Rapport to 671
458.

Michael
Rapport is the father of Evan Rapport.

Director
Independence

EBC
is not required by any outside organization (such as a stock exchange or trading facility) to have independent directors.



    
    


Kenne
Ruan
 CPA
 P.C. was the Company&rsquo;s independent registered public accounting firm from inception through 2014
 and through
January 21
 2015
 and again from September 4
 2015 to the present. Set below are aggregate fees billed by Mr. Ruan for professional
services rendered for the year ended December 31
 2015 and 2016.

Anton
&amp; Chia
 LLP was the Company&rsquo;s independent registered public accounting firm from January 21
 2015 through September
4
 2015. Set below are aggregate fees billed by Anton &amp; Chia for professional services rendered for the part of the 2015 fiscal
year.

Audit
Fees


services billed and to be billed by Kenne Ruan CPA
 P.C. for the period September 4
 2015 through December 31
 2015 were $8
500.
Audit fees paid to Kenne Ruan CPA
 PC for the year ended December 31
 2016
 are $33
505

The
fees for the audit review services billed by Anton &amp; Chia
 LLP (&ldquo;A&amp;C&rdquo;)
 for the fiscal year ended January
21
 2015
 through September 4
 2015
 were $100
000.

Audit
Related Fees



Tax
Fees

The
Company has paid Lucas
 Horsfall
 Accountants $5
000 for preparation of taxes for the year ended December 31
 2016
 and $5
000
for the year ended December 31
 2015.



    
    


PART
IV



    
EXHIBITS
AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES


15(a)(3).
Exhibits.

EXHIBIT
INDEX 



    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Asset
    Purchase and Share Exchange Agreement (included as Annex A to the Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-4
 previously
    filed with the Commission).

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate
    of Incorporation of Evans Brewing Company Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to EBC&rsquo;s Registration Statement
    on Form 10
 filed July 3
 2013).

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate
    of Designation of Rights and Preferences for Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company&rsquo;s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 15
 2015
 and incorporated herein by reference).

    
    
    

    
    
Specimen
    Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to EBC&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form 10
 filed
    July 3
 2013).

    
    
    

    
    
2015
    Stock Option and Stock Award Plan (previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-8
    filed with the Commission on March 16
 2016
 and incorporated herein by reference).

    
    
    

    
    
Bill
    of Sale (previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December
    15
 2015
 and incorporated herein by reference).

    
    
    

    
    
Assignment
    and Assumption Agreement (previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
    Commission on December 15
 2015
 and incorporated herein by reference).

    
    
    

    
    
Equipment
    Lease (previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December
    15
 2015
 and incorporated herein by reference).

    
    
    

    
    
Public
    House Stock Purchase Agreement (previously filed as an Exhibit to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
    the Commission on December 15
 2015
 and incorporated herein by reference).

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a).

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a).

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Instance Document

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document


15(a)(1).
Financial Statements.

The
following financial statements
 and related notes and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are filed as part
of this Annual Report:

15(a)(2).
Financial Statement Schedules.





    
    




Pursuant
to the requirements of section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Registrant has duly caused this Report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
EVANS
    BREWING COMPANY INC.

    
    
    

Dated:
    April 17
 2017
    
/s/
    Michael J. Rapport

    
    
Michael
    J. Rapport

    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer (Principal&nbsp;Executive&nbsp;Officer) and
 Chairman&nbsp;of the Board of Directors

    
    
    

    
    
/s/
    Kenneth C. Wiedrich

    
    
Kenneth
    C. Wiedrich

    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer


Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Michael J. Rapport
    
Chief
    Executive Officer
 Chairman of the Board
    
April
    17
 2017

Michael
    J. Rapport&nbsp;
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Evan Rapport
    
Vice
    President
    
April
    17
 2017

Evan
    Rapport&nbsp;
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Mark Lamb
    
    
    
April
    17
 2017

Mark
    Lamb&nbsp;
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Roy Roberson
    
    
    
April
    17
 2017

Roy
    Roberson&nbsp;
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Joseph Ryan
    
    
    
April
    17
 2017

Joseph
    Ryan
    
    
    
    




    
    


EVANS
BREWING COMPANY INC.
Financial
Statements





Financial
    Statements&nbsp;
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Consolidated Balance Sheets for the years ended December 31
 2016
 and 2015
    
    

    
    
    

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2016
 and
 2015
    
    

    
    
    

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the period December 31
 2015
 to December 31
2016
    
    

    
    
    

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31
 2016
 and
 &nbsp;2015
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    


REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To
the Board of Directors and
Stockholders
of Evans Brewing Company Inc.


balance sheets of Evans Brewing Company Inc as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
 and the related consolidated statements of operations
stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31
 2016. Evans Brewing
Company Inc.&rsquo;s management is responsible for these financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
these financial statements based on our audits.

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement. The company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control
over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing
audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also includes
examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion
 the consolidated
financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Evans Brewing Company
Inc. as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year
period ended December 31
 2016
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 2 to the financial statements
 the Company's present financial situation raises substantial doubt about its ability to
continue as a going concern. Management's plans regarding this situation are also discussed in Note 2. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.



/s/
    Kenne Ruan
 CPA
 P.C.
    

Woodbridge
 Connecticut
    

April
    17
 2017
    




    
    


EVANS
BREWING COMPANY
 INC.
(Formerly
ALPINE 3
 INC.)
CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS




    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
117
997
325
392

    
191
368
222
358

    
240
170
178
814

    
1
848
    

    
10
300
    

    
10
567
11
000

    
572
250
737
564

    
    
    

    
1
229
141
469
039

    
1
229
141
469
039

    
    
    

    
50
000
    

    
72
100
135
000

    
11
668
8
750

    
133
768
143
750

    
    
    

    
1
935
159
1
350
353

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
150
224
171
081

    
12
450
7
754

    
34
873
4
730

    
3
295
    

    
107
567
107
574

    
11
668
8
750

    
3
739
    

    
43
000
    

    
4
672
4
672

    
75
198
75
199

    
604
197
108
000

    
1050
884
487
760

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
092
5
419

    
31
333
106
693

    
    
100
000

    
1
084
309
699
872

    
    
    

    
    
    


 authorized 10
000
000 shares
 series A
 $0.0001 par value
 1
000
000 issued and outstanding as of December 30
 2016
 and 0 issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2015
 respectively
    
    


&nbsp;authorized 100
000
000 shares
 $0.0001 par value
 4
757
463 issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2016
 and 4
469
863 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2015
 respectively
    
    

    
3
412
311
2
084
345

    
(2
562
037
(1
434
311

    
850
850
650
481

    
1
935
159
1
350353


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



    
    


EVANS
BREWING COMPANY
 INC.
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS




    
    
    

    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
954
428
1
952
301

    
1
588
184
1
456
612

    
366
244
495
689

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
335
818
335
971

    
256
966
116
375

    
312
525
261
680

    
393
041
135
801

    
1
298
350
849
827

    
    
    

    
(932
106
(354
138

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(23
252
(12
197

    
(4
961
    

    
(165
000
    

    
    
3
996

    
    
22
411

    
(193
213
14
210

    
    
    

    
(1
125
319
(339
928

    
    
    

    
2
408
13
995

    
(1
127
727
(353
923

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
4
637
984
4
469
863


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



    
    


EVANS
BREWING COMPANY
 INC.
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December&nbsp;31
2014
    
    
4
884
624
    
2
084
304
(1
080
388
1
004
405

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(414
761
    
    
    
    


 2015
    
    
    
    
    
(353
923
(353
923


 December 31
 2015
    
    
4
469
863
    
2
084
345
(1
434
311
650
482

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
50
000
    
43
748
    
43
753

    
    
    
237
000
    
190
626
    
190
650

    
1
000
000
    
    
    
1
093
592
    
1
093
693


 2016
    
    
    
    
    
(1
127
727
(1
127
727


 December&nbsp;31
 2016
1
000
000
    
4
757
463
    
3
412
311
(2
562
037
850
850



The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    


EVANS
BREWING COMPANY
 INC.
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS



    
    
    

    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(1
127
727
(353
923

    
    
    

    
190
650
    

    
    
300
000

    
(50
000
    

    
90
896
46
396

    
    
    

    
    
9
865

    
52
600
86
000

    
(61
356
34
329

    
29
142
57
466

    
    
(13
039

    
(20
856
(78
991

    
41
874
(12
686

    
(854
351
75
417

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(850
998
(337
844

    
(850
998
(337
844

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(78
687
    

    
42
753
    

    
43
000
    

    
    
(26
670

    
    
184
042

    
1
093
692
    

    
396
197
90
000

    
1
497
955
247
372

    
    
    

    
(207
395
(15
055

    
325
392
340
447

    
117
997
325
392

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
7
954
18
914

    
    
7
363

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



    
    


EVANS
BREWING COMPANY
 INC.
(Formerly
ALPINE 3
 INC.)
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AS
OF DECEMBER 31
 2016
 AND DECEMBER 31
 2015

NOTE
1 - ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

Evans
Brewing Company Inc. (formerly ALPINE 3 Inc.) (&ldquo;EBC&rdquo; or the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) was incorporated under the laws
of the State of Delaware on June 18
 2013. Alpine 3 Inc. was set up to serve as a vehicle to effect an asset acquisition
 merger
exchange of capital stock
 or other business combination with a domestic or foreign business. Alpine 3 did not undertake any effort
to cause a market to develop in its securities
 either debt or equity
 before it successfully concluded a business combination.
On April 4
 2014
 The Michael J. Rapport Trust (the &ldquo;Trust&rdquo;) purchased 10
000
000 shares of common stock
 which was
all of the outstanding shares of Alpine 3
 from the founder of Alpine 3
 and changed the name to Evans Brewing Company Inc. on
May 29
 2014. On October 9
 2014
 the Trust agreed to the cancellation of 9
600
000 of the shares of common stock that it had
acquired and retained 400
000 shares of common stock.

On
October 15
 2014
 the Company entered into an Asset Purchase and Share Exchange Agreement (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) with Bayhawk
Ales
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (&ldquo;Bayhawk&rdquo;)
 subject to receiving approval of the independent Bayhawk shareholders
who vote on the transaction. On September 17
 2015
 the independent Bayhawk shareholders approved the agreement by a vote of 251
212
shares for and 1
600 shares against. As such
 Bayhawk sold to EBC
 and EBC purchased from Bayhawk
 assets of Bayhawk
 including
but not limited to: (A) all assets
 including personal property
 intellectual property
 inventory
 contracts
 websites
 documents
and all other assets however delineated relating to the Bayhawk Ales label (as defined in the Agreement and discussed in more
detail below); and (B) all assets
 including personal property
 intellectual property
 inventory
 contracts
 websites
 documents
and all other assets however delineated relating to the Evans Brands (as defined in the Agreement and discussed in more detail
below) (collectively
 the &ldquo;Transferred Assets&rdquo;). Bayhawk retained ownership of 100% of the stock in Evans Brewing
Co (CA) (&ldquo;Evans Brewing California&rdquo;) which has the brewers license at City Brewery in Lacrosse
 WI (where the non-craft
brands will be brewed
 with the balance of the craft brands being brewed in Irvine
 California). Based on the affirmative vote
by the independent Bayhawk shareholders to approve the Asset Purchase transaction
 EBC proceeded with the share exchange and tender
offer to the Bayhawk shareholders
 pursuant to which EBC offered to exchange shares of EBC common stock for shares of Bayhawk
common stock
 on a one-for-one basis (the &ldquo;Exchange Offer&rdquo;). Bayhawk shareholders had until December 2
 2015
 to tender
their Bayhawk shares in the share exchange. Bayhawk shareholders also had until December 2
 2015
 to rescind the exchange of shares.
There also was no minimum number of shares of Bayhawk common stock that must be tendered for the Exchange Offer to close. At the
close of the share exchange on December 2
 2015
 Premier Stock Transfer accepted on behalf of EBC 4
033
863 Bayhawk shares and
issued 4
033
863 shares of EBC common stock upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Asset Purchase and Share
Exchange Agreement by and between EBC and Bayhawk
 dated October 15
 2014
 as amended (the &ldquo;Asset Purchase Agreement&rdquo;).
EBC filed a copy of the Asset Purchase Agreement as an annex to a combination registration statement and proxy statement on Form
S-4. The Bayhawk shares were validly tendered pursuant to the Exchange Offer and not withdrawn. The asset purchase and share exchange
have been treated as business combination as both companies are controlled by the same management.

On
September 29
 2016
 Evans Brewing Company
 Inc.
 closed the acquisition of a restaurant business located in the downtown SOCO
District of Fullerton
 California
 through the acquisition of all the outstanding stock of EBC Public House
 Inc.
 which the Company
now operates as its first branded restaurant and taproom under the trade name &ldquo;The Public House by Evans Brewing Company&rdquo;.
The Public House features the Company&rsquo;s beers &ndash; as well as beers from other selected local Orange County
 California
breweries
 -- food and
 potentially
 occasional entertainment.

In
connection with such closing
 the Company acquired 100% of the outstanding shares of EBC Public House from Mr. Rapport and issued
1
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s Series A Preferred Stock to Mr. Rapport. The asset purchase and share exchange have been
treated as business combination as both companies are controlled by the same management.



    
    


NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Basis
of Presentation

This
summary of accounting policies for EBC is presented to assist in understanding the Company&rsquo;s financial statements. The Company
uses the accrual basis of accounting and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&ldquo;U.S.
GAAP&rdquo;) and have been consistently applied in the preparation of the financial statements.

Use
of Estimates and Assumptions

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates
are used when accounting for allowances for bad debts
 collectability of accounts receivable
 amounts due to service providers
depreciation and litigation contingencies
 among others.





statements have been prepared on a going concern basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities
in the normal course of business. The Company has an accumulated deficit of $2
562
037. The financial statements do not include
any adjustment relating to recoverability and classification of recorded amounts of assets and liabilities that might be necessary
should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.


and to obtain additional debt or equity financing. There can be no assurance the necessary debt or equity financing will be available
or will be available on terms acceptable to the Company.

Cash
and Cash Equivalents 

For
purposes of the statement of cash flows
 the Company considers all highly liquid debt instruments purchased with a maturity of
three months or less to be cash equivalents to the extent the funds are not being held for investment purposes. The Company had
no cash equivalents as of December 31
 2016
 and 2015.

Accounts
Receivable


obligations due under normal trade terms. EBC performs continuing credit evaluations of customers and allowances are
maintained for potential credit losses. EBC determined an allowance for doubtful accounts of $12
791 at December 31
 2016 and
$6
950 for December 31
 2015
 to be appropriate. 



Inventories
are valued at the lower of cost or market. EBC regularly reviews its inventories for the presence of obsolete product attributed
to age
 seasonality
 and quality and reduces its cost basis when its review indicates a reduction in utility below the inventory's
carrying value. Inventories consisted of the following at December 31
 2015 and 2014:



    
    
    

    
25
097
    

    
38
403
43
117

    
46
168
36
861

    
128
933
92
790

    
18
069
22
546

    
(16
500
(16
500

    
    
    

    
240
170
178
814






 2016
 prepaid
expense consists of $10
400 for prepaid state income tax and $167 in prepaid insurance. For the year ended December 31
 2015 the
prepaid expense was $11
000 which was for prepaid state income tax as well.





 2016
 had deposits
of $82
400
 consisting of short-term deposits of $10
300 and long-term deposits of $72
100. This is made up of a can deposit of
$67
500 for cans all of which is long term
 and deposits of $14
900 for the restaurant. One half of the can deposit of $135
000
was returned during the year ended December 31
 2016
 leaving a deposit balance of $67
500. The deposits that make up the $14
900
are; $9
200 deposit on the building rent which $4
600 is long term
 $5
190 utility deposits
 $260 deposit with the city of Fullerton
for the patio
 and $250 for a software deposit. For the year ended December 31
 2015
 EBC had a can deposit of $135
000 with a
third-party that cans its product.




    
    






Restaurant the Company acquired a liquor license that it paid $50
000 for. The value of the liquor license has increased and if
the Company wanted to sell the license it could get more for it than it paid. This is based on the fact that the Company is in
the process of acquiring a liquor license for it new restaurant in Huntington Beach that will cost over $65
000.

Property
and Equipment

Property
and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is computed by using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


EBC
capitalizes significant capital expenditures. Ordinary maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as expenses when incurred.
When assets are sold or retired
 the costs and related accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from the accounts
and any resulting gain or loss is included in the income. Total depreciation expense for the years ended December 31
 2016 and
2015
 was $90
896 and $46
396
 respectively.

Impairment
of long-lived assets

EBC
evaluates its long-lived assets by measuring the carrying amount of the asset against the estimated undiscounted future cash flows
associated with them. At the time such evaluations indicate that the future undiscounted cash flows of certain long lived assets
are not sufficient to recover the carrying value of such assets
 the assets are adjusted to their fair values. No adjustment to
the carrying value of the assets has been made.

Accounts
Payable

Accounts
payable consists of unpaid expenses incurred in the normal course of business.

Refundable
deposits

EBC
distributes its draft beer in kegs that are owned by the Company. When a draft beer is shipped to the customer
 the Company collects
a refundable deposit and records a liability. Upon return of the keg
 the deposit is refunded to the customer and the liability
is reduced. As of December 31
 2016
 and 2015
 EBC had refundable deposits in the amounts of $107
567 and $107
574
 respectively.
EBC accounts for the loss
 breakage
 and deterioration of the kegs by crediting the customer&rsquo;s deposits. The deposit approximates
EBC&rsquo;s cost of the keg. Any additional cost incurred for the loss
 breakage
 or deterioration of the kegs is then billed
to the customer. Management periodically reviews its refundable deposits for any loss allowance on loss
 breakage
 or deterioration
and has determined that no allowance was necessary as of December 31
 2016
 and 2015.

Revenue
Recognition

Revenue
from product sales
 are recognized when the products are picked up by individual customers or shipped to wholesale customers.
The following criteria are met before revenue is recognized: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 shipment of product
or pickup has occurred
 selling price is fixed or determinable and collection is reasonably assured. Product returns are allowed
but are rare according to historical records for past years. EBC continuously monitors and evaluates product returns. There was
no allowance for product returns as of December 31
 2016
 and 2015.



    
    


Sales
Tax

EBC
excludes from its sales all sales taxes assessed to its customers. Sales taxes assessed are recorded as accrued liabilities on
the balance sheet until remitted to the state agencies.

Excise
Tax

The
federal government levies excise taxes on the sale of alcoholic beverages
 including beer. For brewers producing fewer than two
million barrels of beer per calendar year
 the federal excise tax is $7 per barrel on the first 60
000 barrels of beer removed
for consumption or sale during the calendar year. The state of California imposes excise taxes on the sale and distribution of
beer at a rate of $0.20 per gallon. Excise taxes due to federal and state agencies are not collected from customers. For the years
ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 excise taxes amounted to approximately $117
038 and $71
534
 respectively
 which is treated
as a Cost of Goods sold.

Uncertain
Tax Positions

EBC
utilizes the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes in accordance with the provisions of the &ldquo;Expenses
&ndash; Income Taxes Topic&rdquo; of the FASB ASC. Under the asset and liability method
 deferred income tax assets and liabilities
are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying
amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely
than not that some portion or all of the deferred income tax assets will not be realized. The Company considers certain tax planning
strategies in its assessment as to the recoverability of its tax assets. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured
using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The
effect on deferred income tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in earnings in the period that the
tax rate changes. EBC recognizes
 in its financial statements
 the impact of a tax position
 if that position is more likely than
not to be sustained on audit
 based on technical merits of the position. There are no material unrecognized tax positions in the
financial statements.

EBC
accounts for uncertain tax positions in accordance with FASB ASC 740 (formerly Financial Accounting Standards Boards Interpretation
No. 48
). FASB ASC 740 prescribes
a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition of uncertain tax positions taken or expected
to be taken in a tax return. The interpretation also provides guidance on recognition
 derecognition
 classification
 interest
and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure and transition. The Company adopted the provisions of FASB ASC 740 and
there was no impact on total liabilities or stockholder's equity as a result of the adoption of FASB ASC 740.

For
federal tax purposes the Company&rsquo;s 2013 through 2016 tax years remain open for examination by the tax authorities under
normal three-year statute of limitations. Generally
 for state tax purposes
 the Company&rsquo;s 2012 through 2016 tax years remain
open for examination by the tax authorities under a four-year statute of limitations

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

Fair
value of certain of the Company&rsquo;s financial instruments including cash
 account payable
 accrued expenses
 notes payables
and other accrued liabilities approximate cost because of their short maturities. The Company measures and reports fair value
in accordance with ASC 820
 &ldquo;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosure&rdquo; defines fair value
 establishes a framework for
measuring fair value in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and expands disclosures about fair value investments.



    
    


Fair
value
 as defined in ASC 820
 is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value of an asset should reflect its highest and best
use by market participants
 principal (or most advantageous) markets
 and an in-use or an in-exchange valuation premise. The fair
value of a liability should reflect the risk of nonperformance
 which includes
 among other things
 the Company&rsquo;s credit
risk.

Valuation
techniques are generally classified into three categories: the market approach; the income approach; and the cost approach. The
selection and application of one or more of the techniques may require significant judgment and are primarily dependent upon the
characteristics of the asset or liability
 and the quality and availability of inputs. Valuation techniques used to measure fair
value under ASC 820 must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. ASC 820 also provides
fair value hierarchy for inputs and resulting measurement as follows:

Level
1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical assets or liabilities;
The Company values it&rsquo;s available for sale securities using Level 1.

Level
2: Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities
in markets that are not active; inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability; and inputs that
are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities;
and

Level
3: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant
to the fair values.

Fair
value measurements are required to be disclosed by the Level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements
in their entirety fall. Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (in Level 3 measurements) are subject to
expanded disclosure requirements including a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances
 separately presenting changes
during the period attributable to the following: (i) total gains or losses for the period (realized and unrealized)
 segregating
those gains or losses included in earnings
 and a description of where those gains or losses included in earning are reported
in the statement of income.

Basic
Loss Per Share

Basic
income (loss) per share is calculated by dividing the Company's net loss applicable to common shareholders by the weighted average
number of common shares during the period. Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing the Company's net income available
to common shareholders by the diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year. The diluted weighted average
number of shares outstanding is the basic weighted number of shares adjusted for any potentially dilutive debt or equity.

The
Company has no dilutive debt instruments.

New
Authoritative Accountin

The
FASB issued ASU 2016-09 in March 2016
 to provide guidance to entities that issue share-based payment awards to their employees
as part of its Simplification Initiative. The objective of the Simplification Initiative is to identify
 evaluate
 and improve
areas of generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) for which cost and complexity can be reduced while maintaining or improving
the usefulness of the information provided to users of financial statements. The areas for simplification in this Update were
identified through outreach for the Simplification Initiative and involve several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment
transactions
 including the income tax consequences
 classification of awards as either equity or liabilities
 and classification
on the statement of cash.

The
FASB issued ASU 2015-11 in July
 2015
 to provide guidance on how an entity should measure inventory within the scope of this
Update at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course
of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation. The amendments in this Update more
closely align the measurement of inventory in GAAP with the measurement of inventory in International Financial Reporting Standards
(IFRS). For public business entities
 the amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
2016
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities
 the amendments in this Update are effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017.
The amendments in this Update should be applied prospectively with earlier application permitted as of the beginning of an interim
or annual reporting period.



    
    


The
FASB issued ASU 2014-15 on August 27
 2014
 providing guidance on determining when and how to disclose going-concern uncertainties
in the financial statements. The new standard requires management to perform interim and annual assessments of an entity&rsquo;s
ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date the financial statements are issued. An entity must provide
certain disclosures if &ldquo;conditions or events raise substantial doubt about [the] entity&rsquo;s ability to continue as a
going concern.&rdquo; The ASU applies to all entities and is effective for annual periods ending after December 15
 2016
 and
interim periods thereafter
 with early adoption permitted.

The
Company has implemented all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect. &nbsp;These pronouncements did not have any material
impact on the financial statements unless otherwise disclosed
 and the Company does not believe that there are any other new accounting
pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations.

NOTE
3 - PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Property
and equipment consisted of the following at December 31
 2015 and 2014:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
757
438
731
883

    
311
596
311
596

    
821
745
    

    
4
320
4
320

    
63
097
59
399

    
    
    

    
1
958
196
1
107
198

    
    
    

    
(729
055
(638
159

    
    
    


 net
1
229
141
469
039


NOTE
4 - NOTE PAYABLE

Note
payable balance as of December 31
 2016
 was $106
531
 with $75
198 being the current obligation and $31
333 being the long-term
obligation. The balance as of December 31
 2015
 was $181
892
 with $75
199 being the current obligation and $106
693 being the
long-term obligation. The breakdown of the notes is as follows:



    
    
    


267
106
531
181
892




    
    


NOTE 5  - NOTES PAYABLE- LINE OF
CREDIT


 2016
 the Company established a line of credit with City National Bank
in the amount of $100
000 with a variable interest rate that was 5.25% as of December 31
 2016. During the year ended December
31
 2016
 the Company drew down on this line of credit in the amount of $43
000. Subsequent to the year ended December 31
 2016
the line of credit has been increased to $200
000

NOTE
6 - NOTES PAYABLE- RELATED PARTY

On
July 21
 2014
 Michael J. Rapport
 the Chief Executive Officer
 sole director
 and controlling shareholder of the Company
 advanced
the Company a $100
000 long term unsecured loan with a 1.5% interest rate per annum
 due no later than July 21
 2017. The loan
is convertible into common shares of the Company at any time after the second year&rsquo;s anniversary at a price based upon either:
a) The price of its most recent private placement offering
 closest to the time of conversion; or b) if the Company&rsquo;s common
stock is then publicly-traded
 the bid price of its common stock on the closing day of the conversion. For the period ended December
31
 2016
 the Company accrued $1
504 of interest on this note. For the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company accrued $1
500
on this same note. The accrued amount is included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the balance sheet. All interest
is due no later than July 21
 2017.

Michael
J. Rapport also advanced the Company $10
000 on April 21
 2014; $8
000 on June 13
 2014; $20
000 on June 2
 2015; $30
000 on July
2
 2015; and $40
000 on August 25
 2015
 for a total amount advanced of $108
000. All of these payments are secured by 8% interest
bearing notes that are due on April 21
 2015
 June 13
 2015
 June 2
 2016
 July 2
 2016
 and August 25
 2016
 respectively. As
of June 30
 2016
 four of the five notes totaling $108
000 were past due. On July 30
 2016
 Michael J. Rapport exchanged the 5
notes
 4 of which were past due
 for a single note. The 5 notes total $108
000 and are replaced by a single note for $118
603
which includes the original principal of $108
000 plus $10
603 of accrued interest. The new note has a term of one year and will
bear interest at per annum rate of 6% instead of the 8% per annum rate on the old notes. For the year ended December 31
 2016
the Company accrued $3
002 of interest for this note. For the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company had an accrued balance
of $5
584 interest for the notes due Mr. Rapport. The total accrued interest on this note after the consolidation of the notes
is $3
002.

In
addition to these notes Michael J. Rapport also paid for a new piece of equipment for the brewery on June 15
 2016
 in the amount
of $17
496. A separate 8% interest bearing note was drawn up for this amount and accrued interest in the amount of $763 has been
recorded as of the year ended December 31
 2016.

On
July 27
 2016
 Mr. Rapport&rsquo;s loaned the Company $250
000. The note is unsecured
 has a term of one year and bears interest
at the rate of 4% per annum. For the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company accrued $4
301 of interest for this note.

On
October 1
 2016
 Mr. Rapport executed a note in the amount of $400
000 with EBC Public House. The note is unsecured
 and has a
one year term and bears interest at the rate of 3% per annum. The note is an installment note to provide working capital as needed
for EBC Public House. During the year ended December 31
 2016
 EBC Public House had 5 different draws against the note for a total
of $118
098. The balance of the note as of December 31
 2016
 is $118
098. For the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company accrued
$709 of interest for the amount drawn on this note.

Accrued
Interest

For
the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company accrued interest of $12
450 on the notes due to Mr. Rapport. For the year ended
December 31
 2015
 the Company accrued interest of $6
175 pertaining to all the notes due to Mr. Rapport.

NOTE
7  - STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY

Preferred
Stock

-

000
000 shares of preferred Series A stock to Michael J. Rapport on September 29
 2016
 in exchange
for 100% of the outstanding shares of EBC Public House. The acquisition gives the Company its first branded restaurant and taproom
under the trade name &ldquo;The Public House by Evans Brewing Company&rdquo; which will feature the Company&rsquo;s beers and
provides an inventive gastropub menu. The asset purchase and share exchange have been treated as business combination as both
companies are controlled by the same management. For the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company had 1
000
000 shares of preferred
shares outstanding. During the fiscal year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company amended the certificate of incorporation authorizing
the Company to issue 10
000
000 shares of $.0001 par value preferred stock. No shares of preferred stock were issued as of December
31
 2015.



    
    


Common
Stock

Common
Stock
000
000 shares of $.0001 par value common stock. As of December 31
 2016
 and
December 31
 2015
 there are 4
757
463 and 4
469
863 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively.

Upon
formation of the Company on June 18
 2013
 the Board of Directors issued 10
000
000 shares of common stock for $1
000 in services
to the founding shareholder of the Company. In addition
 the founding shareholder made a contribution of $3
050 in 2014 to the
Company
 which are recorded as additional paid-in capital.

On
April 4 2014
 the founding shareholder entered into a Share Purchase Agreement pursuant to which he sold an aggregate of 10
000
000
shares of EBC&rsquo;s common stock to The Michael J. Rapport Trust (the &ldquo;Trust&rdquo;) for a purchase price of $40
000.
Pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement
 The Trust became the sole shareholder of EBC
 owning 100% of the issued and outstanding
shares of EBC&rsquo;s common stock. On September 22
 2014
 the Company cancelled 9
600
000 shares of common stock for no consideration.
On September 23
 2014
 the Company issued 6
000 shares of common stock to directors of the Company for services valued at $600
($0.10 per share). On September 23
 2014
 the Company issued 30
000 shares of common stock for services to Tech Associates Inc.
a company controlled by Richard Chiang
 a director of the Company
 valued at $3
000 ($0.10 per share) bringing the total shares
outstanding to 436
000 shares of common.

Based
on the completion of the asset purchase agreement and share exchange agreement by and between EBC and Bayhawk
 on December 2
2015
 Premier Stock Transfer accepted on behalf of EBC 4
033
863 Bayhawk shares and issued 4
033
863 shares of EBC common stock
upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Asset Purchase and Share Exchange Agreement by and between EBC and
Bayhawk
 dated October 15
 2014
 as amended (the &ldquo;Asset Purchase Agreement&rdquo;). EBC filed a copy of the Asset Purchase
Agreement as an annex to a combination registration statement and proxy statement on Form S-4. The Bayhawk shares were validly
tendered pursuant to the Exchange Offer and not withdrawn.

The
4
033
863 shares exchanged per the agreement along with the 436
000 shares that Evans Brewing Company held brings the total outstanding
to 4
469
863. Bayhawk had a total of 4
884
624 shares of its common stock outstanding as of December 31
 2014
 and as of the closing
of the Share Exchange
 but 414
761 shares were not tendered in the Share Exchange
 so the total shares outstanding shares of EBC
common stock at December 31
 2015
 was 4
469
863. During the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company added 287
600 shares for
cash and services
 bringing the total shares outstanding as of December 31
 2016
 to 4
757
463.

NOTE
8  - EARNINGS PER SHARE

Basic
net income (loss) per share was computed using the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period.
The following summarized the earnings per share:




    





    
4
637
984
4
469
863

    
    
    

    
(1
127
727
(353
923

    
    
    

    
    
    


NOTE
9  - INCOME TAXES

The
provision for income taxes consists of the following for the year ended December 31




    
    
    

    
(416
608
(120
334

    
(104
892
4
311

    
523
908
102
028

    
    
    

    
2
408
13
995




    
    


Deferred
income taxes consist of the following for the year ended December 31




    
    
    

    
5
095
4
767

    
6
573
3
983

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
11
668
8
750

    
    
    

    
(579
174
(111
725

    
    
    

    
567
506
103
035

    
    
    

    
(11
668
(8
750


Deferred
income taxes are provided for the temporary differences between the carrying values of the Company&rsquo;s assets and liabilities
for financial reporting purposes and their corresponding income tax basis. The temporary differences give rise to either a deferred
tax asset or liability in the consolidated financial statements
 which is computed by applying current statutory tax rates to
taxable and deductible temporary differences based upon the classification (i.e. current or non-current) of the asset or liability
in the consolidated financial statements which relates to the particular temporary difference. Deferred taxes related to differences
which are not attributable to a specific asset or liability are classified in accordance with the future period in which they
are expected to reverse and be recognized for income tax purposes. The long-term deferred tax assets are fully valued as of December
31
 2016.

As
of December 31
 2016
 and 2015
 the components of the Company&rsquo;s deferred tax assets and liabilities primarily consist of
temporary differences attributable to differing methods of depreciation
 insurance claim receivables
 net operating losses
 allowances
for obsolete inventory
 and reserves for bad debt.

EBC&rsquo;s
management used 34% and 25% rate to calculate the deferred tax assets and the current tax provision.&nbsp; Because of the startup
costs of EBC and the net operating losses earned by Bayhawk during the first few years in operation
 the Company has had to pay
very little federal income tax.&nbsp; In 2015 the Company paid no federal income tax and will have no tax obligation for 2016
as well.&nbsp; EBC management expects that the Company will not pay any federal income tax in 2017 as well
 due to its significant
net operating losses.

NOTE
10  - ACQUISITION OF EVANS PUBLIC HOUSE

On
September 29
 2016
 Evans Brewing Company
 Inc.
 closed the acquisition of a restaurant business located in the downtown SOCO
District of Fullerton
 California
 through the acquisition of all the outstanding stock of EBC Public House
 Inc.
 in exchange
for 100% of the outstanding shares of EBC Public House from Mr. Rapport and issued 1
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s Series
A Preferred Stock to Mr. Rapport. Mr. Rapport is also the CEO of Evans Brewing Company and so the asset purchase and share exchange
have been treated as business combination as both companies are controlled by the same management.

When
Mr. Rapport originally acquired the restaurant
 he incurred goodwill of $165
000. As part of the acquisition
 Evans Brewing Company
wrote off the goodwill recognizing a loss of $165
000 on Evans Public House books. The note on the Evans Public House books due
to Mr. Rapport for money spent in building out the restaurant was forgiven with the offsetting entry going to additional paid
in capital in the amount of $1
173
270.



    
    


NOTE
11  - SEGMENT REPORTING

ASC
Topic 280
&nbsp;
 requires use of the &ldquo;management approach&rdquo; model for segment reporting. The
management approach model is based on the way a company&rsquo;s management organizes segments within the company for making operating
decisions and assessing performance. The Company has two reportable segments: Evans brewery and malt liquor operations and Evans
Public House restaurant. The restaurant operation was just added with the acquisition of Evans Public House restaurant. Below
is a table summarizing the Company&rsquo;s segment information:



    
    
 December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
735
512
1
952
301

    
218
916
    

    
    
    

    
1
954
428
1
952
301

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
401
359
495
689

    
(35
116
    

    
    
    

    
366
244
495
689

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(483
423
(174
284

    
(234
415
    

    
(214
267
(179
854

    
(932
106
(354
138

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
12
892
6
022

    
    
    

    
9
525
6
175

    
23
252
12
197

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(4
961
26
407

    
(165
000
    

    
    
    

    
(169
961
26
407

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(502
784
(167
894

    
(401
150
    

    
(223
792
(186
029

    
(1
127
727
(353
923



    
    


NOTE
12 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Operating
Leases

The
Company operates out of three buildings in Irvine
 California
 and Santa Ana
 California
 under non-cancelable leases expiring
between July 31
 2017
 and January 31
 2019.

Total
lease expense paid during the year ended December 31
 2016 and the year ended December 31
 20145
 was $83
161 and $83
161
 respectively.

Minimum
future lease payments are as follows:



    
83
161

    
33
889

    
2
824

    
    

    
119
874


Notes
payable commitment:

The
Company purchased 4300 kegs that it had previously leased on a note payable with City National Bank.

Minimum
future payments for keg assets note are as follows:



    
75
198

    
31
333

    
    

    
106
531


The
Company purchased a truck for the business that was financed through an auto loan with Ford Motors financing.

Minimum
future payments for the auto loan are as follows:



    
4
672

    
2
092

    
    

    
6
764




    
    




The
Company may be subject to legal proceedings and claims which arise in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management
the ultimate outcome of the claims and litigation
 if any
 will not have a material adverse effect on the Company&rsquo;s financial
position.&nbsp;

NOTE
13 - CONCENTRATIONS



The
Company maintains cash balances at financial institutions insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). The FDIC
insures cash balances up to $250
000 per institution. As of December 31
 2016
 the Company had no bank account that exceeded the
insured amount. The Company normally has no problem with uninsured balances as its deposits are separated across financial institutions.

Accounts
Receivable

At
December 31
 2016
 three customers accounted for approximately 44%
 28%
 and 9%
 respectively
 of the Company&rsquo;s accounts
receivable. At December 31
 2015
 three customers accounted for approximately 54%
 16%
 and 12%
 respectively
 of the Company's
accounts receivable.

Accounts
Payable

At
December 31
 2016
 five vendors accounted for approximately 32%
 12%
 7%
 6% and 3%
 respectively
 of the Company&rsquo;s accounts
payable. At December 31
 2015
 three vendors accounted for approximately 57%
 9% and 6%
 respectively
 of the Company's accounts
payable. For the year ended December 31
 2016
 two vendors accounted for approximately 44% and 8% of total purchases. For the
year ended December 31
 2015
 two vendors accounted for approximately 69% and 13% of total purchases.



For
the year ended December 31
 2016
 three customers accounted for approximately 35%
 20%
 and 13%
 respectively
 of the Company&rsquo;s
sales. For year ended December 31
 2015
 three customers accounted for approximately 34%
 25%
 and 16%
 respectively
 of the Company's
sales.

NOTE
14 - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

Subsequent
events have been evaluated through March 31
 2017
 which is the date the financial statements were available to be issued.



    
    
Subsequent
to the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company issued 26
830 shares of common stock for exchange of Bayhawk shares. These shares
were sent in by shareholders prior to December 2
 2015
 which was the closing date for shares to be exchanged. However
 these
shares were lost by the former transfer agent and the exchange was not effected. These shares have subsequent been found and the
exchange has been made.
        

    
    
    

    
    
 Subsequent to the year ended December 31
 2016
 Kevin Hammons was appointed to the board of directors.


















     


Exhibit
31.1

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO

SECTION
302 OF

THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
Michael J. Rapport
 Chief Executive Officer certify that:



    
I
    have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Evans Brewing Company
 Inc.;




    
Based
                                                                                     on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
                                                                                     necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading
                                                                                     with respect to the period covered by this report;




    
Based
                                                                                     on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
                                                                                     material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
                                                                                     presented in this report;




    
The
                                                                                                 registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
                                                                                                 and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
                                                                                                 defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

    
    

    
    
Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    

    
    
Designed
such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluated
                                                                                                          the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
                                                                                                          about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based
                                                                                                          on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
    
Disclosed
                                                                                                          in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
                                                                                                          registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
                                                                                                          that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over
                                                                                                          financial reporting; and




    
The
                                                                                                 registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
                                                                                                 over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
                                                                                                 (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

    
    

    
    
All
                                                                                                          significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
                                                                                                          which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report
                                                                                                          financial information; and

    
    
    

    
    
Any
                                                                                                          fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
                                                                                                          registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




/s/
    Michael J. Rapport
    

Michael
    J. Rapport
    

Chief
                                         Executive Officer
        
    

    
    

April
        17
 2017
    















     


Exhibit
31.2

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO

SECTION
302 OF

THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
Kenneth C. Wiedrich
 Chief Financial Officer certify that:



    
I
    have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Evans Brewing Company
 Inc.;




    
Based
                                                                                     on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
                                                                                     necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading
                                                                                     with respect to the period covered by this report;




    
Based
                                                                                     on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
                                                                                     material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
                                                                                     presented in this report;




    
The
                                                                                                 registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
                                                                                                 and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
                                                                                                 defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:&nbsp;

    
    

    
    
Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    

    
    
Designed
such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluated
                                                                                                          the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
                                                                                                          about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based
                                                                                                          on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
    
Disclosed
                                                                                                          in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
                                                                                                          registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
                                                                                                          that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over
                                                                                                          financial reporting; and




    
The
                                                                                                 registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
                                                                                                 over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
                                                                                                 (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

    
    

    
    
All
                                                                                                          significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
                                                                                                          which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report
                                                                                                          financial information; and

    
    
    

    
    
Any
                                                                                                          fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
                                                                                                          registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




/s/
    Kenneth C. Wiedrich
    

Kenneth
    C. Wiedrich
    

Chief
                                         Financial Officer
    

    
    

April
    17
 2017
    















     


Exhibit
32.1

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO

18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350


AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In
connection with the Annual Report of Evans Brewing Company
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period ended
December 31
 2016
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Michael J. Rapport Chief
Executive Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect; 1350
 as adopted pursuant to &sect; 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002
 that:



    
    
The
                                                                                     Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

    
    
    

    
    
The
                                                                                     information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and result of
                                                                                     operations of the Company.




/s/
    Michael J. Rapport
    

Michael
    J. Rapport
    

Chief
    Executive Officer
    

    
    

April
    17
 2017
    


A
signed original of this certification has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.













     




CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO

18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350


AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In
connection with the Annual Report of Evans Brewing Company
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period ended
December 31
 2016
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Kenneth C. Wiedrich
 Chief
Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect; 1350
 as adopted pursuant to &sect; 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002
 that:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and result of operations of the Company.




/s/
    Kenneth C. Wiedrich
    

Kenneth
    C. Wiedrich
    

Chief
    Financial Officer
    

    
    

April
    17
 2017
    


A
signed original of this certification has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.











begin 644 image_001.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!



$B_P#@JU(8=1D_X+[_ +3K:_!
3:F/X0_#
MU?#4E@/W=YHR%;&?4/1KB&4GGCT]CLOA'_P6^_9FM-0U?2_VJ?A'^WAX=MM
M)-RGA[XC?!O3?A;X[N;[)P6DO@1K.([P
JBRA@.J!@0 #]X([B27[L:?]_%
M/Z#FGB4;Y1S\N

M!'Q
\3'3M


6PSL
8_

M=O.R4EQ$B*0#U7S)/3]5_P *L5^$O_!3+]O#]KO]G/X@_L._#G]D.+X%^-/%

MOFX  K
_X23_ (.
O

M_!Q?XIL)[]_A)_P3T\+O#?\ V:6T\17_ 
8(I9+11_Q\VR1:H3SR0/[PX!


M6U


M(\26.I7_ (

@9[$

M73UNS\&V^@?!7]EC3?'#:UK?A:\ATN7Q]J'A#[-=[/M






M'+KT)9



MS_PJ[P@/%.DZ+J
$


2'[N;8
7 (QAL*
MN2!DL1G^?/\ X6C_ 




UU^_\46^
MG7KV?PX^#_@CP1I?@N[;B70/#NJ:7:6-_?!B?GU&Z*!@02Y!&?.[C]@+_@N?
MX8M6\=?#'_@KS=7WBBQQJ%E\+/BU\'_AWXG\.:U*1Q9:[K-]IM]/I
.#S%IX

4**








7YB_= '






M00%%V[0#ZS_8;_9
^$W['7P!\+_7X5?#'PM\,K.*R6YUVVT.&U?4=9U8A@=
M3\0:G#:07&KZAM;:UW?37$P!V[P217H/[1_[2GP8_9,^$GB7XW_'?QG9^OA





MAYV4






MII
S<<_C3FBB8AFCC
D7MG<?:+/4=/O+,:
MIIVIV]W&[2SN[<A4=2\4RXVLR'YMZ@#\H?B?_P6B_X)F_!;XA^(/A3\1?VI






+=0?!7Q)8R.!9I:W]G#XVU

%

 ?C=^T_'IW_!0?_@L_P#L

MQNFM]'U76IK^X6V@9;-M+T^!%B:...F_P#!5'_@JG:_LD_\%)O^;_[.FG^


M!GPQ^)-S$FC?!7_@JW\#KKX0^+KR/=9Z1I'[27P9U32KOP;J^J7
)AM[B]\0


MWPQ^-7[0EK\.?BIJ-I'%XJ\'ZI\.?BRMQ:W4



MB)
6223@\DDGIZT ?B+_ 

MI\%?%S]J+XF^#/V9O!GC.4W.SPV?BA=K!J^HB2&5)[:4^'=.O=.:2-X]][._



MFUG59WGU1YIIF+?T6;5W%MJ[B%!; W$*25!/4A2S%1T!)(Y)K^5O_@BCX1O?




([6TCU#Q




+9?)!(RL8$0R@ K^%;7_\
M@H-^P)\_P!L?X1?MS_\$O\ XKGP!J?Q&\=Z1\._V_?V$/$?PL\6?S7?B+\

K#4[;P_?6WP)\4ZO#/+Y)B)N6\//.=/PK;
M06

MII=N=OF2ROC=(Y/]+]?S@_\ !K_HVIZ%_P $W/$EO?\ AGQ+X16]_:J^.^HV

$BV^I*#(\Q3_ $CRR69PK$?T?4 ?SQ?\
M'&MUJ&K_ +'GP5^%EA?WMI9_&?\ ;'^ '@/69+1()H9(XO$]MXA2WUD2G]S




M27;B-)-O! /WS?\ 9I_9ZEA#X$_



MP8$
A$LHV

M#^VO^S+\7/V7/'NBOX?M?C9X







UDH

MYX;^
M!_P+UOP])!J
FKO\6KIM*\//X62S9GO)+KP0#J9^P
=P!8Y -?M-^W?^S';_

0T?Q%

M&?B7QM^U#H$T^HQ6-E\4_@K;6OP?^!B:AINH.;5O%-O8:?HGBU]0GA.HVX\3
MZUHD

M;J



9(

MM[8Z=/JUU-YOF7

M%M::CIUY8W&GW[QS2*6TZ1)F65B&42?/^4][_P $*/\ @D/K*F/5OV-/A;JD
M9 4IJ7B#QI?(45/+E;GQ)(HC/E@= F4&%XH ]+_P/O[5&J?ME?\ !.?]




MNRL-*N=0NY&NTLK:VM/-6*&)(_TR\ )I/@23XM_M/?$NQGD\7^)?%&IZ%H(-



M 'Y+_

9

D8LK[Q9XUTB.SA7BRGMOB;X]C
MB6VC76^EQ0_)!#$%@B48CCC%?TP0_ZD?0_RH _GC_X.((-GP6_8AV )O\

MJ

1N4$?UK1@

?\%._$7AOQY_P5K_X((+X3U'3M2C\
?'G]HR[OWC#6T+1#

M+Z7_ 
%
O$NB77_#
O[07PT\!?/]L!OMA=:S_PBWBK0UU+1? 7Q MK2U1[



M^N'PZ_X+7_\ !0;P9X+^&GC3X]_\$O\ Q_\ &CP#X^\-6_B.Q^
/[%NIW'CO
M1-3\
7#YOO$
JA MM5UZTV70+-W./DANU0-SN4%L_K1\-/BU\.OC!X9L/&/PM^(/A/

M

L_L]G=ZAK'AKP








?@G\(
M/$MVUAXA\5?#^#Q19VWB'QUKL.FNNI:!;Z'%:ZW938E@\)NZ:OZ2_$/@;P


&GZSXAO \&H^

M\:ZO;*5CTS6O&/B:^OM8BTNS_P!&TFSNE59=LB9^5O\ @L=\7_#7PB_8X^
?

M]KPRJEM=L+A6CE&\\?\ MK_\%O?V0OV9/$=G\%_A'=:I^U_^U_XKOGT;X?\
M[



]]\-OV
/@SJ$:-



+S3+V5;W4_@M\5=7TOP)XQ\
S-IA2Z








MMKC5=-\

ME:/H?@/PUK/C749%U;P]K]K;PZ#I1F2U-_9W\UVFH7LK



M1_X*N:[XD_:R_PCO[#G_!-WPE\3_BG\(O^@^$O'O[4'[1/Q^&'B^V\#7
M/A/PWI4!TOP#GQ'+?V-Q)]JO](UQX].WS&)KW3YTMV:- B7/_!$?]D_5=/U3


K/=Z#X$_:2TK6-3\-(P9C=ZCH]SX?;4(M/0*2RRW


MX4MI?M%KINJMX:OK%;X6EP?
@ANGD2*0;U1)-S5_
;X_^ /PP_9'^('_  7M



$=
M/7L017\X?[)7_!!__@G5\1_V9OV:?B=\4O@EXGU_QUX_^#WP?^)'B_3M3^+?


A)UK_A*_A3.?%6NZ1HDLB^LM5\0^']*UFSLY;%XYY
M]9N;*17,X!./^RM^UI\(/VY/V7O@!^V7J_BO0_$5A+\-]!=OAA9Z];:UM\:
MO#L*Z;\5-

[76(=/MI(8SJFCVNA
Z216]E'+^SM[;BXB*


? /@?Q)_P
M2E_8\U;Q%X)\)ZQ?S^!K^6:]U?PMX?U\FD@\:ZXT$LMS=V4\[OT
1B=G+1
MF*-D(
:8 /-?^#=3X2^+OA%_P3G^%=IX\\+:SX/\2^
_^$P\;'2-=AGL]3_L
M'4?B'XHET6[O[&4++IL]]I0M-1;3'1-TFIW$[+_I$SO^^L'0CMSQV[=JS[2R

M?S^_\'#7AS7+O]EC]G[XGVVC:MK'@WX$?MC_  )^+WQ1GT;2[S7;S3/AWH&L
M3)XCUJPTC3XY[^\FMH9S&]A'&Q9)95=2KG?\]^




M/';MVH L5_'Y^RS^V[^R]_P26_;]_PLG@;]OOXI7GP.UCXW_M'^%_BS\+M
M8D^#_P 7?$'A7X@^$?%VD^)?$]B_A;5OA[X2\:6\][H^D:_HUKJSW4BR?VS#


LB-'$^H6ERT

MYTF*U



Q'GV):5E7=)(JJK%4TGND







/B+XT\

_!OQ!<0W1N

'^J7_/


M\5:[JEFUAI6A1&;7]7D


86-50GJHQD^U6^EVEI







Q\T3(X4!2#^[ /7[BQLKOR#=6=K<FUG2ZMC<


MTO\ @J/_ 


%.




MI/#VI:1\=/%\_B61_\ 627VGR2V+R9^=W&YNC$UZC\.?\ @E?X&\#:5^V3


MI'@C_@IG_P %E?#GA72M#T'3M!T#P7\7?[+\





)?(N


MR7

W[YZ-IUBG@#P[!XBT6Y
.J^#




MEK=6[?#S_@I-_P %8C8Q_P#(3'BK]ICQ$)AC_GW(W%?JI]\GM_5;M7 &\X'0
M?-@8Z8YXQ4FT_P!\_K_C0!_

M=+ZXA]_M%I=Q@


M_J^
+

M/8/[S_\ ?9H _FOT;_@EU\6=


M']JGQIXHT*./]OC_ (*A^#_!&D:1J*ZFOAKXY^)-)\4:KXAUOH7M]4\RVN+'
=9OB]\8=DT4\<@\&-8)






MOCU'Y& RR2'BOWR^OPL^OPI^'^G^#?V?\ P%\./AW\-+57ETOPU\*_#OAS



M




M-WA./PEX+U?P#X

M 
%4_P#@LO\ \$P?CK\!+/\ ;6\?_LO?'OPCX^:]UG6_AW\%;MM8N=6\*Z9J
M.D:-X@TFSUEO#^D:GX8\4:-/K

 O$]U%<7GQ:G^+GAV71_#AU31(&


MO[-$UG:72!)8T$0!_8[_ 
%[?VU?VA_V(?V4?AY\8_V=/&MCX.\0ZY\8='\%



MQ_P6
_;/L?VOOB=XY^'WP0D^.WQ/NM;UOX/ZG;-X]EO%Q_PC-MI\U@L043_\


M!&/]@+X@^

MI%X;U:S$4K:=X]E\3W7[BXE2'1UL$4+$40I]6_\ !U5^SA/XR_9%^#W[5&@Z




$-_@#KG_!2CXU_\% /VD_VC;W3



MCCBM42&.-8$QHCC0(%50/S _P#4


&+XV:ZR^(] O%+2^&M6T0G_B5:IONKK3Y&62WE0@@_F7_P

MA;3=?U


(_#WA

WOIDC\+)K7^B3SZ]*;)SQ(:_TD
M9@-^S V9'R8^3K_=Z?I0!_-W_P %D_\ @MWXK_8A^)_@K]D?]F#P=H/C[]IC

MC_


_

^'+#Q)\+XM$\)^+_A?XJGDL-0DLM3U2QDEU/3
M;FY5=&
LDDRD.SFOUU\7_P#!T[_P3WT3P);ZWX.\


M



M6_X+B?\ !9O]G;QU^S7\


N_B


M-6ED\G#LV0#LO!?_  6V\2:5_P $3[S]H[Q1\8;[5OVQ/OQ!UO]GVYBO-*\
M,0:UKWQQEU?^U]M(-&BA/AZ;0)_#)&G1:C_ &=)!]O#+O5\!N%_X(M_\% _
@?


]+O].\/:U:6-IX4UV&P

M'WP^7Q;_ 

M
QU[3KZ[EADL+







(T_2_'_@R329=&TWQI?0)JVJ6+_9K:Z\AO+K^X?\ X(W20W'_
M  3*_9-K+9-%/\ K2V1[-TEM 7DDD8JJ'RPS2

Y- 'X+_P#!


JLF&4
-

W.Y@?H8 #



M-.1)(PXKN?G[?[$_P]\6:7X^^'G['G[+7@3QUH=W!?Z+XT\&?L^_;POX

T.?W;K7U-=?ZF?_=7^8JU0!XC


S2





M5M


MU '





;_@G-HVMW&OZ+^P=^Q_I^
MI7-R-0O)8/V=/AC!!]N  %[;:&OA






M:8C:F%P!P !5T=6^O\ 04C_ '3^'\Q0!\W?'7]D?]F/]II=&3]H;]GWX,_&
M^;PWYY\*7?Q/^'?A'Q=J_A'[5')%=?\ 
:MKNCZC?:']HBFDCG_ +*GL_.2





;_;;_ -FJ^G0_7^@H ?1110 48 Z#%%% '__9
end













 xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
 xmlns:xbrldi=http://xbrl.org/2006/xbrldi
 xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
 xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
 xmlns:xbrli=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance
 xmlns:iso4217=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217
 xmlns:nonnum=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/non-numeric
 xmlns:num=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/numeric
 xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt
 xmlns:country=http://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2016-01-31
 xmlns:currency=http://xbrl.sec.gov/currency/2016-01-31
 xmlns:dei=http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2014-01-31
 xmlns:exch=http://xbrl.sec.gov/exch/2016-01-31
 xmlns:invest=http://xbrl.sec.gov/invest/2013-01-31
 xmlns:naics=http://xbrl.sec.gov/naics/2011-01-31
 xmlns:sic=http://xbrl.sec.gov/sic/2011-01-31
 xmlns:stpr=http://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2011-01-31
 xmlns:us-gaap=http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2016-01-31
 xmlns:us-types=http://fasb.org/us-types/2016-01-31
 xmlns:xl=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/XLink
 xmlns:utr=http://www.xbrl.org/2009/utr












2013-06-16


2013-06-18













2014-04-01


2014-04-04













2014-04-01


2014-04-04













2014-04-21













2014-04-01


2014-04-21













2014-06-13













2014-06-01


2014-06-13













2014-07-21













2014-07-20


2014-07-21









2014-09-21


2014-09-22












2014-09-23












2014-09-23












2014-09-20


2014-09-23












2014-09-20


2014-09-23









2014-10-01


2014-10-09









2014-01-01


2014-12-31









2014-12-31












2014-12-31












2014-12-31












2014-12-31












2014-12-31












2014-12-31













2015-06-02













2015-06-01


2015-06-02









2015-06-30













2015-07-02













2015-07-01


2015-07-02













2015-08-25













2015-08-01


2015-08-25









2015-09-01


2015-09-17












2015-12-01


2015-12-02













2015-12-01


2015-12-02












2015-12-01


2015-12-02









2015-01-01


2015-12-31













2015-01-01


2015-12-31













2015-01-01


2015-12-31













2015-01-01


2015-12-31













2015-01-01


2015-12-31













2015-01-01


2015-12-31













2015-01-01


2015-12-31













2015-01-01


2015-12-31













2015-01-01


2015-12-31













2015-01-01


2015-12-31













2015-01-01


2015-12-31













2015-01-01


2015-12-31












2015-01-01


2015-12-31












2015-01-01


2015-12-31












2015-01-01


2015-12-31












2015-01-01


2015-12-31













2015-01-01


2015-12-31












2015-01-01


2015-12-31












2015-01-01


2015-12-31












2015-01-01


2015-12-31












2015-01-01


2015-12-31












2015-01-01


2015-12-31












2015-01-01


2015-12-31












2015-01-01


2015-12-31












2015-01-01


2015-12-31









2015-12-31













2015-12-31












2015-12-31












2015-12-31












2015-12-31












2015-12-31












2015-12-31












2015-12-31












2015-12-31












2015-12-31












2015-12-31












2015-12-31












2016-06-15












2016-07-27












2016-07-01


2016-07-27












2016-07-30












2016-07-01


2016-07-30












2016-09-29












2016-09-05


2016-09-29













2016-10-01












2016-09-21


2016-10-01









2016-01-01


2016-12-31













2016-01-01


2016-12-31













2016-01-01


2016-12-31













2016-01-01


2016-12-31













2016-01-01


2016-12-31













2016-01-01


2016-12-31













2016-01-01


2016-12-31













2016-01-01


2016-12-31













2016-01-01


2016-12-31













2016-01-01


2016-12-31













2016-01-01


2016-12-31













2016-01-01


2016-12-31












2016-01-01


2016-12-31












2016-01-01


2016-12-31












2016-01-01


2016-12-31












2016-01-01


2016-12-31












2016-01-01


2016-12-31












2016-01-01


2016-12-31












2016-01-01


2016-12-31












2016-01-01


2016-12-31












2016-01-01


2016-12-31












2016-01-01


2016-12-31












2016-01-01


2016-12-31












2016-01-01


2016-12-31












2016-01-01


2016-12-31












2016-01-01


2016-12-31












2016-01-01


2016-12-31












2016-01-01


2016-12-31












2016-01-01


2016-12-31












2016-01-01


2016-12-31













2016-01-01


2016-12-31













2016-01-01


2016-12-31













2016-01-01


2016-12-31













2016-01-01


2016-12-31












2016-01-01


2016-12-31












2016-01-01


2016-12-31












2016-01-01


2016-12-31













2016-01-01


2016-12-31













2016-01-01


2016-12-31













2016-01-01


2016-12-31













2016-01-01


2016-12-31












2016-01-01


2016-12-31









2016-12-31













2016-12-31













2016-12-31












2016-12-31












2016-12-31












2016-12-31












2016-12-31












2016-12-31












2016-12-31












2016-12-31












2016-12-31












2016-12-31












2016-12-31












2016-12-31













2016-12-31












2016-12-31












2016-12-31













2016-12-31












2016-12-31












2016-12-31












2016-12-31












2016-12-31












2016-12-31












2016-12-31












2016-12-31












2016-12-31









2017-03-31













2017-03-31









































































































































































































































































































































 2013. Alpine 3 Inc. was set up to serve as a vehicle to effect an asset acquisition
 merger
 exchange of capital stock
 or other business combination with a domestic or foreign business. Alpine 3 did not undertake any effort to cause a market to develop in its securities
 either debt or equity
 before it successfully concluded a business combination. On April 4
 2014
 The Michael J. Rapport Trust (the &amp;#8220;Trust&amp;#8221;) purchased 10
000
000 shares of common stock
 which was all of the outstanding shares of Alpine 3
 from the founder of Alpine 3
 and changed the name to Evans Brewing Company Inc. on May 29
 2014. On October 9
 2014
 the Trust agreed to the cancellation of 9
600
000 of the shares of common stock that it had acquired and retained 400
000 shares of common stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;On October 15
 2014
 the Company entered into an Asset Purchase and Share Exchange Agreement (the &amp;#8220;Agreement&amp;#8221;) with Bayhawk Ales
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (&amp;#8220;Bayhawk&amp;#8221;)
 subject to receiving approval of the independent Bayhawk shareholders who vote on the transaction. On September 17
 2015
 the independent Bayhawk shareholders approved the agreement by a vote of 251
212 shares for and 1
600 shares against. As such
 Bayhawk sold to EBC
 and EBC purchased from Bayhawk
 assets of Bayhawk
 including but not limited to: (A) all assets
 including personal property
 intellectual property
 inventory
 contracts
 websites
 documents
 and all other assets however delineated relating to the Bayhawk Ales label (as defined in the Agreement and discussed in more detail below); and (B) all assets
 including personal property
 intellectual property
 inventory
 contracts
 websites
 documents
 and all other assets however delineated relating to the Evans Brands (as defined in the Agreement and discussed in more detail below) (collectively
 the &amp;#8220;Transferred Assets&amp;#8221;). Bayhawk retained ownership of 100% of the stock in Evans Brewing Co (CA) (&amp;#8220;Evans Brewing California&amp;#8221;) which has the brewers license at City Brewery in Lacrosse
 WI (where the non-craft brands will be brewed
 with the balance of the craft brands being brewed in Irvine
 California). Based on the affirmative vote by the independent Bayhawk shareholders to approve the Asset Purchase transaction
 EBC proceeded with the share exchange and tender offer to the Bayhawk shareholders
 pursuant to which EBC offered to exchange shares of EBC common stock for shares of Bayhawk common stock
 on a one-for-one basis (the &amp;#8220;Exchange Offer&amp;#8221;). Bayhawk shareholders had until December 2
 2015
 to tender their Bayhawk shares in the share exchange. Bayhawk shareholders also had until December 2
 2015
 to rescind the exchange of shares. There also was no minimum number of shares of Bayhawk common stock that must be tendered for the Exchange Offer to close. At the close of the share exchange on December 2
 2015
 Premier Stock Transfer accepted on behalf of EBC 4
033
863 Bayhawk shares and issued 4
033
863 shares of EBC common stock upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Asset Purchase and Share Exchange Agreement by and between EBC and Bayhawk
 dated October 15
 2014
 as amended (the &amp;#8220;Asset Purchase Agreement&amp;#8221;). EBC filed a copy of the Asset Purchase Agreement as an annex to a combination registration statement and proxy statement on Form S-4. The Bayhawk shares were validly tendered pursuant to the Exchange Offer and not withdrawn. The asset purchase and share exchange have been treated as business combination as both companies are controlled by the same management.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times
 new
 roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;On September 29
 2016
 Evans Brewing Company
 Inc.
 closed the acquisition of a restaurant business located in the downtown SOCO District of Fullerton
 California
 through the acquisition of all the outstanding stock of EBC Public House
 Inc.
 which the Company now operates as its first branded restaurant and taproom under the trade name &amp;#8220;The Public House by Evans Brewing Company&amp;#8221;. The Public House features the Company&amp;#8217;s beers &amp;#8211; as well as beers from other selected local Orange County
 California breweries
 -- food and
 potentially
 occasional entertainment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;In connection with such closing
 the Company acquired 100% of the outstanding shares of EBC Public House from Mr. Rapport and issued 1
000


&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Basis of Presentation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;This summary of accounting policies for EBC is presented to assist in understanding the Company&amp;#8217;s financial statements. The Company uses the accrual basis of accounting and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&amp;#8220;U.S. GAAP&amp;#8221;) and have been consistently applied in the preparation of the financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Use of Estimates and Assumptions&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates are used when accounting for allowances for bad debts
 collectability of accounts receivable
 amounts due to service providers
 depreciation and litigation contingencies
 among others.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Going Concern&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company's financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has an accumulated deficit of $2
562
037. The financial statements do not include any adjustment relating to recoverability and classification of recorded amounts of assets and liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company's continued existence is
 dependent upon its ability to continue to execute its operating plan and to obtain additional debt or equity financing. There can be no assurance the necessary debt or equity financing will be available
 or will be available on terms acceptable to the Company.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;For purposes of the statement of cash flows
 the Company considers all highly liquid debt instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents to the extent the funds are not being held for investment purposes. The Company had no cash equivalents as of December 31
 2016
 and 2015.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Accounts receivable are customer obligations due under normal trade terms. EBC performs continuing credit evaluations of customers and allowances are maintained for potential credit losses. EBC determined an allowance for doubtful accounts of $12
791 at December 31
 2016 and $6
950 for December 31
 2015
 to be appropriate.&lt;u&gt;&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Inventories&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market. EBC regularly reviews its inventories for the presence of obsolete product attributed to age
 seasonality
 and quality and reduces its cost basis when its review indicates a reduction in utility below the inventory's carrying value. Inventories consisted of the following at December 31
 2015 and 2014:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;
 colspan=2&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; text-align: left;&gt;Restaurant inventory&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right;&gt;25
097&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Raw materials&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;38
403&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;43
117&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Work in process&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;46
168&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;36
861&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;128
933&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;92
790&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Keg inventory&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;18
069&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;22
546&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Less: reserve for obsolete inventory&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(16
500&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(16
500&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Total Inventory&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;240
170&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;178
814&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Prepaid Expenses&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;For the year ended December 31
 2016
 prepaid expense consists of $10
400 for prepaid state income tax and $167 in prepaid insurance. For the year ended December 31
 2015 the prepaid expense was $11
000 which was for prepaid state income tax as well.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Deposits&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none;
 text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;For the year ended December 31
 2016
 had deposits of $82
400
 consisting of short-term deposits of $10
300 and long-term deposits of $72
100. This is made up of a can deposit of $67
500 for cans all of which is long term
 and deposits of $14
900 for the restaurant. One half of the can deposit of $135
000 was returned during the year ended December 31
 2016
 leaving a deposit balance of $67
500. The deposits that make up the $14
900 are; $9
200 deposit on the building rent which $4
600 is long term
 $5
190 utility deposits
 $260 deposit with the city of Fullerton for the patio
 and $250 for a software deposit. For the year ended December 31
 2015
 EBC had a can deposit of $135
000 with a third-party that cans its product.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Liquor License&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;With the acquisition of the Evans Public House Restaurant the Company acquired a liquor license that it paid $50
000 for. The value of the liquor license has increased and if the Company wanted to sell the license it could get more for it than it paid. This is based on the fact that the Company is in the process of acquiring a liquor license for it new restaurant in Huntington Beach that will cost over $65
000.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Property and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is computed by using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1379px; text-align: left;&gt;Building improvements&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;20 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Brewery equipment&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align:
 left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;3 - 20 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Furniture and fixtures&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;Software&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;3 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;Vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;5 - 10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;EBC capitalizes significant capital expenditures. Ordinary maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as expenses when incurred. When assets are sold or retired
 the costs and related accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from the accounts
 and any resulting gain or loss is included in the income. Total depreciation expense for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 was $90
896 and $46
396
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Impairment of long-lived assets&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;EBC evaluates its long-lived assets by measuring the carrying amount of the asset against the estimated undiscounted future cash flows associated with them. At the time such evaluations indicate that the future undiscounted cash flows of certain long lived assets are not sufficient to recover the carrying value of such assets
 the assets are adjusted to their fair values. No adjustment to the carrying value of the assets has been made.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Accounts Payable&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Accounts payable consists of unpaid expenses incurred in the normal course of business.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Refundable deposits&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px;
 letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;EBC distributes its draft beer in kegs that are owned by the Company. When a draft beer is shipped to the customer
 the Company collects a refundable deposit and records a liability. Upon return of the keg
 the deposit is refunded to the customer and the liability is reduced. As of December 31
 2016
 and 2015
 EBC had refundable deposits in the amounts of $107
567 and $107
574
 respectively. EBC accounts for the loss
 breakage
 and deterioration of the kegs by crediting the customer&amp;#8217;s deposits. The deposit approximates EBC&amp;#8217;s cost of the keg. Any additional cost incurred for the loss
 breakage
 or deterioration of the kegs is then billed to the customer. Management periodically reviews its refundable deposits for any loss allowance on loss
 breakage
 or deterioration and has determined that no allowance was necessary as of December 31
 2016
 and 2015.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Revenue from product sales
 are recognized when the products are picked up by individual customers or shipped to wholesale customers. The following criteria are met before revenue is recognized: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 shipment of product or pickup has occurred
 selling price is fixed or determinable and collection is reasonably assured. Product returns are allowed
 but are rare according to historical records for past years. EBC continuously monitors and evaluates product returns. There was no allowance for product returns as of December 31
 2016
 and 2015.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Sales Tax&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;EBC excludes from its sales all sales taxes assessed to its customers. Sales taxes assessed are recorded as accrued liabilities on the balance sheet until remitted to the state agencies.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Excise Tax&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The federal government levies excise taxes on the sale of alcoholic beverages
 including beer. For brewers producing fewer than two million barrels of beer per calendar year
 the federal excise tax is $7
 per barrel on the first 60
000 barrels of beer removed for consumption or sale during the calendar year. The state of California imposes excise taxes on the sale and distribution of beer at a rate of $0.20 per gallon. Excise taxes due to federal and state agencies are not collected from customers. For the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 excise taxes amounted to approximately $117
038 and $71
534
 respectively
 which is treated as a Cost of Goods sold.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Uncertain Tax Positions&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;EBC utilizes the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes in accordance with the provisions of the &amp;#8220;Expenses &amp;#8211; Income Taxes Topic&amp;#8221; of the FASB ASC. Under the asset and liability method
 deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred income tax assets will not be realized. The Company considers certain tax planning strategies in its assessment as to the recoverability of its tax assets. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred income tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in earnings in the period that the tax rate changes. EBC recognizes
 in its financial statements
 the impact of a tax position
 if that position is more likely than not to be sustained on audit
 based on technical merits of the position. There are no material unrecognized tax positions in the financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;EBC accounts for uncertain tax positions in accordance with FASB ASC 740 (formerly Financial Accounting Standards Boards Interpretation No. 48
&amp;#160;&lt;i&gt;Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes an interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109&lt;/i&gt;). FASB ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition of uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. The interpretation also provides guidance on recognition
 derecognition
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure and transition. The Company adopted the provisions of FASB ASC 740 and there was no impact on total liabilities or stockholder's equity as a result of the adoption of FASB ASC 740.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;For federal tax purposes the Company&amp;#8217;s 2013 through 2016 tax years remain open for examination by the tax authorities under normal three-year statute of limitations. Generally
 for state tax purposes
 the Company&amp;#8217;s 2012 through 2016 tax years remain open for examination by the tax authorities under a four-year statute of limitations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing:
 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Fair value of certain of the Company&amp;#8217;s financial instruments including cash
 account payable
 accrued expenses
 notes payables
 and other accrued liabilities approximate cost because of their short maturities. The Company measures and reports fair value in accordance with ASC 820
 &amp;#8220;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosure&amp;#8221; defines fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and expands disclosures about fair value investments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Fair value
 as defined in ASC 820
 is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value of an asset should reflect its highest and best use by market participants
 principal (or most advantageous) markets
 and an in-use or an in-exchange valuation premise. The fair value of a liability should reflect the risk of nonperformance
 which includes
 among other things
 the Company&amp;#8217;s credit risk.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Valuation techniques are generally classified into three categories: the market approach; the income approach; and the cost approach. The selection and application of one or more of the techniques may require significant judgment and are primarily dependent upon the characteristics of the asset or liability
 and the quality and availability of inputs. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value under ASC 820 must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. ASC 820 also provides fair value hierarchy for inputs and resulting measurement as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical assets or liabilities; The Company values it&amp;#8217;s available for sale securities using Level 1.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Level 2: Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability; and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities; and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Level 3: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair values.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font:
 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Fair value measurements are required to be disclosed by the Level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall. Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (in Level 3 measurements) are subject to expanded disclosure requirements including a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances
 separately presenting changes during the period attributable to the following: (i) total gains or losses for the period (realized and unrealized)
 segregating those gains or losses included in earnings
 and a description of where those gains or losses included in earning are reported in the statement of income.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Basic Loss Per Share&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Basic income (loss) per share is calculated by dividing the Company's net loss applicable to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares during the period. Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing the Company's net income available to common shareholders by the diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the basic weighted number of shares adjusted for any potentially dilutive debt or equity.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company has no dilutive debt instruments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;u&gt;New Authoritative Accountin&lt;/u&gt;g&amp;#160;&lt;u&gt;Guidance&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The FASB issued ASU 2016-09 in March 2016
 to provide guidance to entities that issue share-based payment awards to their employees as part of its Simplification Initiative. The objective of the Simplification Initiative is to identify
 evaluate
 and improve areas of generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) for which cost and complexity can be reduced while maintaining or improving the usefulness of the information provided to users of financial statements. The areas for simplification in this Update were identified through outreach for the Simplification Initiative and involve several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions
 including the income tax consequences
 classification of awards as either equity or liabilities
 and classification on the statement of cash.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font
 style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The FASB issued ASU 2015-11 in July
 2015
 to provide guidance on how an entity should measure inventory within the scope of this Update at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation. The amendments in this Update more closely align the measurement of inventory in GAAP with the measurement of inventory in International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). For public business entities
 the amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities
 the amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017. The amendments in this Update should be applied prospectively with earlier application permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The FASB issued ASU 2014-15 on August 27
 2014
 providing guidance on determining when and how to disclose going-concern uncertainties in the financial statements. The new standard requires management to perform interim and annual assessments of an entity&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date the financial statements are issued. An entity must provide certain disclosures if &amp;#8220;conditions or events raise substantial doubt about [the] entity&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern.&amp;#8221; The ASU applies to all entities and is effective for annual periods ending after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods thereafter
 with early adoption permitted.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company has implemented all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect. &amp;#160;These pronouncements did not have any material impact on the financial statements unless otherwise disclosed
 and the Company does not believe that there are any other new accounting pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 2015 and 2014:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1191px; text-align: left;&gt;Brewery machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right;&gt;757
438&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;731
883&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Keg asset&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;311
596&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;311
596&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Restaurant fixtures and equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;821
745&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td&gt;Software&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;4
320&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;4
320&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Vehicles&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;63
097&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;59
399&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1
958
196&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1
107
198&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Accumulated depreciation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td
 style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style:
 solid;&gt;(729
055&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(638
159&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;Property and equipment
 net&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;1
229
141&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;469


 2016
 was $106
531
 with $75
198 being the current obligation and $31
333 being the long-term obligation. The balance as of December 31
 2015
 was $181
892
 with $75
199 being the current obligation and $106
693 being the long-term obligation. The breakdown of the notes is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1191px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Note payable for the acquisition of 4300 kegs with the monthly principal obligation of $6
267&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;106
531&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;181


&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 6 - NOTES PAYABLE- RELATED PARTY&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;On July 21
 2014
 Michael J. Rapport
 the Chief Executive Officer
 sole director
 and controlling shareholder of the Company
 advanced the Company a $100
000 long term unsecured loan with a 1.5% interest rate per annum
 due no later than July 21
 2017. The loan is convertible into common shares of the Company at any time after the second year&amp;#8217;s anniversary at a price based upon either: a) The price of its most recent private placement offering
 closest to the time of conversion; or b) if the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock is then publicly-traded
 the bid price of its common stock on the closing day of the conversion. For the period ended December 31
 2016
 the Company accrued $1
504 of interest on this note. For the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company accrued $1
500 on this same note. The accrued amount is included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the balance sheet. All interest is due no later than July 21
 2017.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Michael J. Rapport also advanced the Company $10
000 on April 21
 2014; $8
000 on June 13
 2014; $20
000 on June 2
 2015; $30
000 on July 2
 2015; and $40
000 on August 25
 2015
 for a total amount advanced of $108
000. All of these payments are secured by 8% interest bearing notes that are due on April 21
 2015
 June 13
 2015
 June 2
 2016
 July 2
 2016
 and August 25
 2016
 respectively. As of June 30
 2016
 four of the five notes totaling $108
000 were past due. On July 30
 2016
 Michael J. Rapport exchanged the 5 notes
 4 of which were past due
 for a single note. The 5 notes total $108
000 and are replaced by a single note for $118
603
 which includes the original principal of $108
000 plus $10
603 of accrued interest. The new note has a term of one year and will bear interest at per annum rate of 6% instead of the 8% per annum rate on the old notes. For the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company accrued $3
002 of interest for this note. For the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company had an accrued balance of $5
584 interest for the notes due Mr. Rapport. The total accrued interest on this note after the consolidation of the notes is $3
002.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;In addition to these notes Michael J. Rapport also paid for a new piece of equipment for the brewery on June 15
 2016
 in the amount of $17
496. A separate 8% interest bearing note was drawn up for this amount and accrued interest in the amount of $763 has been recorded as of the year ended December 31
 2016.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;On July 27
 2016
 Mr. Rapport&amp;#8217;s loaned the Company $250
000. The note is unsecured
 has a term of one year and bears interest at the rate of 4% per annum. For the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company accrued $4
301 of interest for this note.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;On October 1
 2016
 Mr. Rapport executed a note in the amount of $400
000 with
 EBC Public House. The note is unsecured
 and has a one year term and bears interest at the rate of 3% per annum. The note is an installment note to provide working capital as needed for EBC Public House. During the year ended December 31
 2016
 EBC Public House had 5 different draws against the note for a total of $118
098. The balance of the note as of December 31
 2016
 is $118
098. For the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company accrued $709 of interest for the amount drawn on this note.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Accrued Interest&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;For the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company accrued interest of $12
450 on the notes due to Mr. Rapport. For the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company accrued interest of $6
175 pertaining to all the notes due to Mr. Rapport.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 7 - STOCKHOLDERS&amp;#8217; EQUITY&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Preferred Stock&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Preferred Stock&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;The Company issued 1
000
000 shares of preferred Series A stock to Michael J. Rapport on September 29
 2016
 in exchange for 100% of the outstanding shares of EBC Public House. The acquisition gives the Company its first branded restaurant and taproom under the trade name &amp;#8220;The Public House by Evans Brewing Company&amp;#8221; which will feature the Company&amp;#8217;s beers and provides an inventive gastropub menu. The asset purchase and share exchange have been treated as business combination as both companies are controlled by the same management. For the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company had 1
000
000 shares of preferred shares outstanding. During the fiscal year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company amended the certificate of incorporation authorizing the Company to issue 10
000
000 shares of $.0001 par value preferred stock. No shares of preferred stock were issued as of December 31
 2015.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common Stock&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Common Stock&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#160;- The Company is authorized to issue 100
000
000 shares of $.0001 par value common stock. As of December 31
 2016
 and December 31
 2015
 there are 4
757
463 and 4
469
863 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Upon formation of the Company on June 18
 2013
 the Board of Directors issued 10
000
000 shares of common stock for $1
000 in services to the founding shareholder of the Company. In addition
 the founding shareholder made a contribution of $3
050 in 2014 to the Company
 which are recorded as additional paid-in capital.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;On April 4 2014
 the founding shareholder entered into a Share Purchase Agreement pursuant to which he sold an aggregate of 10
000
000 shares of EBC&amp;#8217;s common stock to The Michael J. Rapport Trust (the &amp;#8220;Trust&amp;#8221;) for a purchase price of $40
000. Pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement
 The Trust became
 the sole shareholder of EBC
 owning 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of EBC&amp;#8217;s common stock. On September 22
 2014
 the Company cancelled 9
600
000 shares of common stock for no consideration. On September 23
 2014
 the Company issued 6
000 shares of common stock to directors of the Company for services valued at $600 ($0.10 per share). On September 23
 2014
 the Company issued 30
000 shares of common stock for services to Tech Associates Inc.
 a company controlled by Richard Chiang
 a director of the Company
 valued at $3
000 ($0.10 per share) bringing the total shares outstanding to 436
000 shares of common.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Based on the completion of the asset purchase agreement and share exchange agreement by and between EBC and Bayhawk
 on December 2
 2015
 Premier Stock Transfer accepted on behalf of EBC 4
033
863 Bayhawk shares and issued 4
033
863 shares of EBC common stock upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Asset Purchase and Share Exchange Agreement by and between EBC and Bayhawk
 dated October 15
 2014
 as amended (the &amp;#8220;Asset Purchase Agreement&amp;#8221;). EBC filed a copy of the Asset Purchase Agreement as an annex to a combination registration statement and proxy statement on Form S-4. The Bayhawk shares were validly tendered pursuant to the Exchange Offer and not withdrawn.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The 4
033
863 shares exchanged per the agreement along with the 436
000 shares that Evans Brewing Company held brings the total outstanding to 4
469
863. Bayhawk had a total of 4
884
624 shares of its common stock outstanding as of December 31
 2014
 and as of the closing of the Share Exchange
 but 414
761 shares were not tendered in the Share Exchange
 so the total shares outstanding shares of EBC common stock at December 31
 2015
 was 4
469
863. During the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company added 287
600 shares for cash and services
 bringing the total shares outstanding as of December 31
 2016
 to 4
757
463.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 8 - EARNINGS PER SHARE&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Basic net income (loss) per share was computed using the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. The following summarized the earnings per share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal calibri, helvetica, sans-serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;br /&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;br /&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Weighted average number of shares&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;4
637
984&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;4
469
863&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(1
127
727&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(353
923&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Net income (loss) per share&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(0.24&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times,
 serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(0.08&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 9 - INCOME TAXES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The provision for income taxes consists of the following for the year ended December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; text-align: left;&gt;Federal income tax at U.S statutory rate (34%) and (25%)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right;&gt;(416
608&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;(120
334&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;State income tax&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(104
892&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;4
311&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Add: change in valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;523
908&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;102
028&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;Total current deferred tax asset (liability)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;2
408&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;13
995&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Deferred income taxes consist of the following for the year ended December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px;
 border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; text-align: left;&gt;Bad debt provision&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right;&gt;5
095&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;4
767&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Reserve for obsolete inventory&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;6
573&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;3
983&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Insurance claim receivable&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Total current deferred tax asset (liability)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;11
668&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;8
750&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Net operating loss&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(579
174&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(111
725&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;Depreciation&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(61&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;(Valuation allowance)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;567
506&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;103
035&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Total long-term deferred tax asset (liability)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;(11
668&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;(8
750&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align:
 left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Deferred income taxes are provided for the temporary differences between the carrying values of the Company&amp;#8217;s assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and their corresponding income tax basis. The temporary differences give rise to either a deferred tax asset or liability in the consolidated financial statements
 which is computed by applying current statutory tax rates to taxable and deductible temporary differences based upon the classification (i.e. current or non-current) of the asset or liability in the consolidated financial statements which relates to the particular temporary difference. Deferred taxes related to differences which are not attributable to a specific asset or liability are classified in accordance with the future period in which they are expected to reverse and be recognized for income tax purposes. The long-term deferred tax assets are fully valued as of December 31
 2016.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;As of December 31
 2016
 and 2015
 the components of the Company&amp;#8217;s deferred tax assets and liabilities primarily consist of temporary differences attributable to differing methods of depreciation
 insurance claim receivables
 net operating losses
 allowances for obsolete inventory
 and reserves for bad debt.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;EBC&amp;#8217;s management used 34% and 25% rate to calculate the deferred tax assets and the current tax provision.&amp;#160; Because of the startup costs of EBC and the net operating losses earned by Bayhawk during the first few years in operation
 the Company has had to pay very little federal income tax.&amp;#160; In 2015 the Company paid no federal income tax and will have no tax obligation for 2016 as well.&amp;#160; EBC management expects that the Company will not pay any federal income tax in 2017 as well
 due to its significant net operating losses.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 10 - ACQUISITION OF EVANS PUBLIC HOUSE&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;On September 29
 2016
 Evans Brewing Company
 Inc.
 closed the acquisition of a restaurant business located in the downtown SOCO District of Fullerton
 California
 through the acquisition of all the outstanding stock of EBC Public House
 Inc.
 in exchange for 100% of the outstanding shares of EBC Public House from Mr. Rapport and issued 1
000
000 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s Series A Preferred Stock to Mr. Rapport. Mr. Rapport is also the CEO of Evans Brewing Company and so the asset purchase and share exchange have been treated as business combination as both companies are controlled by the same management.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;When Mr. Rapport originally acquired the restaurant
 he incurred goodwill of $165
000. As part of the acquisition
 Evans Brewing Company wrote off the goodwill recognizing a loss of $165
000 on Evans Public House books. The note on the Evans Public House books due to Mr. Rapport for money spent in building out the restaurant was forgiven with the offsetting entry going to additional paid in capital in the amount of $1
173
270.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 11 - SEGMENT REPORTING&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;ASC Topic 280
&amp;#160;&lt;i&gt;Segment Reporting&lt;/i&gt;
 requires use of the &amp;#8220;management approach&amp;#8221; model for segment reporting. The management approach model is based on the way a company&amp;#8217;s management organizes segments within the company for making operating decisions and assessing performance. The Company has two reportable segments: Evans brewery and malt liquor operations and Evans Public House restaurant. The restaurant operation was just added with the acquisition of Evans Public House restaurant. Below is a table summarizing the Company&amp;#8217;s segment information:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=6&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;br /&gt;December 31
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;Sales&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1177.67px; text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Brewery and Malt liquor operations&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right;&gt;1
735
512&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;1
952
301&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Evans Public Restaurant&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;218
916&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;1
954
428&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;1
952
301&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Gross Profit&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;
 background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Brewery and Malt liquor operations&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;401
359&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;495
689&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Evans Public Restaurant&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(35
116&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;366
244&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;495
689&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Income (Loss) from operations&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Brewery and Malt liquor operations&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(483
423&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(174
284&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Evans Public Restaurant&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(234
415&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(214
267&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(179
854&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;(932
106&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;(354
138&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Interest expense&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Brewery and Malt liquor operations&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;12
892&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align:
 right;&gt;6
022&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Evans Public Restaurant&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;835&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;9
525&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;6
175&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;23
252&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;12
197&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Other income (expense)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Brewery and Malt liquor operations&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(4
961&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;26
407&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Evans Public Restaurant&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(165
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;(169
961&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;26
407&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Brewery and Malt liquor operations&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(502
784&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(167
894&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Evans Public Restaurant&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(401
150&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align:
 left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(223
792&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(186
029&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;(1
127
727&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;(353
923&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 12 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Operating Leases&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company operates out of three buildings in Irvine
 California
 and Santa Ana
 California
 under non-cancelable leases expiring between July 31
 2017
 and January 31
 2019.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total lease expense paid during the year ended December 31
 2016 and the year ended December 31
 20145
 was $83
161 and $83
161
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Minimum future lease payments are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1379px; text-align: left;&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;83
161&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;33
889&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;2
824&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;119
874&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman',
 times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Notes payable commitment:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company purchased 4300 kegs that it had previously leased on a note payable with City National Bank.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Minimum future payments for keg assets note are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1379px; text-align: left;&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;75
198&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;31
333&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;106
531&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company purchased a truck for the business that was financed through an auto loan with Ford Motors financing.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Minimum future payments for the auto loan are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1379px; text-align: left;&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;4
672&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;2
092&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td
 style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;6
764&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Litigation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company may be subject to legal proceedings and claims which arise in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management
 the ultimate outcome of the claims and litigation
 if any
 will not have a material adverse effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s financial position.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 13 - CONCENTRATIONS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Cash&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company maintains cash balances at financial institutions insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). The FDIC insures cash balances up to $250
000 per institution. As of December 31
 2016
 the Company had no bank account that exceeded the insured amount. The Company normally has no problem with uninsured balances as its deposits are separated across financial institutions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;At December 31
 2016
 three customers accounted for approximately 44%
 28%
 and 9%
 respectively
 of the Company&amp;#8217;s accounts receivable. At December 31
 2015
 three customers accounted for approximately 54%
 16%
 and 12%
 respectively
 of the Company's accounts receivable.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Accounts Payable&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;At December 31
 2016
 five vendors accounted for approximately 32%
 12%
 7%
 6% and 3%
 respectively
 of the Company&amp;#8217;s accounts payable. At December 31
 2015
 three vendors accounted for approximately 57%
 9% and 6%
 respectively
 of the Company's accounts payable. For the year ended December 31
 2016
 two vendors accounted for approximately 44% and 8% of total purchases. For the year ended December 31
 2015
 two vendors accounted for approximately 69% and 13% of total purchases.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Sales&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font:
 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;For the year ended December 31
 2016
 three customers accounted for approximately 35%
 20%
 and 13%
 respectively
 of the Company&amp;#8217;s sales. For year ended December 31
 2015
 three customers accounted for approximately 34%
 25%
 and 16%
 respectively
 of the Company's sales.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 14 - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Subsequent events have been evaluated through March 31
 2017
 which is the date the financial statements were available to be issued.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; width: 24px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; width: 18px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Subsequent to the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company issued 26
830 shares of common stock for exchange of Bayhawk shares. These shares were sent in by shareholders prior to December 2
 2015
 which was the closing date for shares to be exchanged. However
 these shares were lost by the former transfer agent and the exchange was not effected. These shares have subsequent been found and the exchange has been made.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Subsequent to the year ended December 31
 2016
 Kevin Hammons was appointed to the board of directors.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;



 collectability of accounts receivable
 amounts due to service providers
 depreciation and litigation contingencies


 the Company considers all highly liquid debt instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents to the extent the funds are not being held for investment purposes. The Company had no cash equivalents as of December 31
 2016


&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Accounts receivable are customer obligations due under normal trade terms. EBC performs continuing credit evaluations of customers and allowances are maintained for potential credit losses. EBC determined an allowance for doubtful accounts of $12
791 at December 31
 2016 and $6
950 for December 31
 2015
 to be appropriate.&lt;/p&gt;


 seasonality
 and quality and reduces its cost basis when its review indicates a reduction in utility below the inventory's carrying value. Inventories consisted of the following at December 31
 2015 and 2014:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1250.4px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 950.4px; text-align: left;&gt;Restaurant inventory&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12.8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12.8px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 112.8px; text-align: right;&gt;25
097&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12.8px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12.8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 112px; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Raw materials&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;38
403&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;43
117&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Work in process&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;46
168&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;36
861&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;128
933&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;92
790&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Keg inventory&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;18
069&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;22
546&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Less: reserve for obsolete inventory&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(16
500&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(16
500&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Total Inventory&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;240
170&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;178


&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Deposits&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;For the year ended December 31
 2016
 had deposits of $82
400
 consisting of short-term deposits of $10
300 and long-term deposits of $72
100. This is made up of a can deposit of $67
500 for cans all of which is long term
 and deposits of $14
900 for the restaurant. One half of the can deposit of $135
000 was returned during the year ended December 31
 2016
 leaving a deposit balance of $67
500. The deposits that make up the $14
900 are; $9
200 deposit on the building rent which $4
600 is long term
 $5
190 utility deposits
 $260 deposit with the city of Fullerton for the patio
 and $250 for a software deposit. For the year ended December 31
 2015
 EBC had a can deposit of $135
000 with a third-party that cans its product.&lt;/p&gt;


 the costs and related accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from the accounts
 and any resulting gain or loss is included in the income. Total depreciation expense for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 was $90
896 and $46
396





 the Company collects a refundable deposit and records a liability. Upon return of the keg
 the deposit is refunded to the customer and the liability is reduced. As of December 31
 2016
 and 2015
 EBC had refundable deposits in the amounts of $107
567 and $107
574
 respectively. EBC accounts for the loss
 breakage
 and deterioration of the kegs by crediting the customer&amp;#8217;s deposits. The deposit approximates EBC&amp;#8217;s cost of the keg. Any additional cost incurred for the loss
 breakage
 or deterioration of the kegs is then billed to the customer. Management periodically reviews its refundable deposits for any loss allowance on loss
 breakage
 or deterioration and has determined that no allowance was necessary as of December 31
 2016


 are recognized when the products are picked up by individual customers or shipped to wholesale customers. The following criteria are met before revenue is recognized: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 shipment of product or pickup has occurred
 selling price is fixed or determinable and collection is reasonably assured. Product returns are allowed
 but are rare according to historical records for past years. EBC continuously monitors and evaluates product returns. There was no allowance for product returns as of December 31
 2016



 including beer. For brewers producing fewer than two million barrels of beer per calendar year
 the federal excise tax is $7 per barrel on the first 60
000 barrels of beer removed for consumption or sale during the calendar year. The state of California imposes excise taxes on the sale and distribution of beer at a rate of $0.20 per gallon. Excise taxes due to federal and state agencies are not collected from customers. For the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 excise taxes amounted to approximately $117
038 and $71
534
 respectively


 deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred income tax assets will not be realized. The Company considers certain tax planning strategies in its assessment as to the recoverability of its tax assets. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred income tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in earnings in the period that the tax rate changes. EBC recognizes
 in its financial statements
 the impact of a tax position
 if that position is more likely than not to be sustained on audit
 based on technical merits of the position. There are no material unrecognized tax positions in the financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;EBC accounts for uncertain tax positions in accordance with FASB ASC 740 (formerly Financial Accounting Standards Boards Interpretation No. 48
&amp;#160;&lt;i&gt;Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes an interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109&lt;/i&gt;). FASB ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition of uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. The interpretation also provides guidance on recognition
 derecognition
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure and transition. The Company adopted the provisions of FASB ASC 740 and there was no impact on total liabilities or stockholder's equity as a result of the adoption of FASB ASC 740.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;For federal tax purposes the Company&amp;#8217;s 2013 through 2016 tax years remain open for examination by the tax authorities under normal three-year statute of limitations. Generally
 for state tax purposes


 account payable
 accrued expenses
 notes payables
 and other accrued liabilities approximate cost because of their short maturities. The Company measures and reports fair value in accordance with ASC 820
 &amp;#8220;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosure&amp;#8221; defines fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and expands disclosures about fair value investments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Fair value
 as defined in ASC 820
 is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value of an asset should reflect its highest and best use by market participants
 principal (or most advantageous) markets
 and an in-use or an in-exchange valuation premise. The fair value of a liability should reflect the risk of nonperformance
 which includes
 among other things
 the Company&amp;#8217;s credit risk.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Valuation techniques are generally classified into three categories: the market approach; the income approach; and the cost approach. The selection and application of one or more of the techniques may require significant judgment and are primarily dependent upon the characteristics of the asset or liability
 and the quality and availability of inputs. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value under ASC 820 must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. ASC 820 also provides fair value hierarchy for inputs and resulting measurement as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical assets or liabilities; The Company values it&amp;#8217;s available for sale securities using Level 1.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color:
 initial;&gt;&lt;font
 style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Level 2: Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability; and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities; and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Level 3: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair values.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Fair value measurements are required to be disclosed by the Level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall. Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (in Level 3 measurements) are subject to expanded disclosure requirements including a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances
 separately presenting changes during the period attributable to the following: (i) total gains or losses for the period (realized and unrealized)
 segregating those gains or losses included in earnings



 to provide guidance to entities that issue share-based payment awards to their employees as part of its Simplification Initiative. The objective of the Simplification Initiative is to identify
 evaluate
 and improve areas of generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) for which cost and complexity can be reduced while maintaining or improving the usefulness of the information provided to users of financial statements. The areas for simplification in this Update were identified through outreach for the Simplification Initiative and involve several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions
 including the income tax consequences
 classification of awards as either equity or liabilities
 and classification on the statement of cash.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The FASB issued ASU 2015-11 in July
 2015
 to provide guidance on how an entity should measure inventory within the scope of this Update at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation. The amendments in this Update more closely align the measurement of inventory in GAAP with the measurement of inventory in International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). For public business entities
 the amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities
 the amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017. The amendments in this Update should be applied prospectively with earlier application permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The FASB issued ASU 2014-15 on August 27
 2014
 providing guidance on determining when and how to disclose going-concern uncertainties in the financial statements. The new standard requires management to perform interim and annual assessments of an entity&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date the financial statements are issued. An entity must provide certain disclosures if &amp;#8220;conditions or events raise substantial doubt about [the] entity&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern.&amp;#8221; The ASU applies to all entities and is effective for annual periods ending after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods thereafter
 with early adoption permitted.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company has implemented all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect. &amp;#160;These pronouncements did not have
 any
 material impact on the financial statements unless otherwise disclosed


097&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12.8px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12.8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 112px; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Raw materials&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;38
403&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;43
117&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Work in process&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;46
168&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;36
861&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;128
933&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;92
790&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Keg inventory&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;18
069&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;22
546&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Less: reserve for obsolete inventory&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(16
500&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(16
500&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Total Inventory&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;240
170&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;178



438&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;731
883&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Keg asset&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;311
596&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;311
596&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Restaurant fixtures and equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;821
745&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td&gt;Software&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;4
320&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;4
320&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Vehicles&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;63
097&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;59
399&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1
958
196&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1
107
198&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Accumulated depreciation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(729
055&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(638
159&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;Property and equipment
 net&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;1
229
141&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt;
 border-bottom-style: double;&gt;469


267&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 13.33px; font-style: normal; font-weight: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 13.33px; font-style: normal; font-weight: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 13.33px; font-style: normal; font-weight: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;106
531&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 13.33px; font-style: normal; font-weight: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 13.33px; font-style: normal; font-weight: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 13.33px; font-style: normal; font-weight: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 13.33px; font-style: normal; font-weight: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;181


&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal calibri, helvetica, sans-serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;br /&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;br /&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Weighted average number of shares&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;4
637
984&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;4
469
863&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(1
127
727&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(353
923&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Net income (loss) per share&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(0.24&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(0.08&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


608&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;(120
334&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;State income tax&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(104
892&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;4
311&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Add: change in valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;523
908&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;102
028&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;Total current deferred tax asset (liability)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;2
408&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;13


095&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;4
767&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Reserve for obsolete inventory&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;6
573&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;3
983&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Insurance claim receivable&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Total current deferred tax asset (liability)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;11
668&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;8
750&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Net operating loss&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(579
174&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(111
725&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td&gt;Depreciation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(61&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;(Valuation allowance)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;567
506&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;103
035&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Total long-term deferred tax asset (liability)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;(11
668&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt;
 border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style:
 double;&gt;(8


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;Sales&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1177.67px; text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Brewery and Malt liquor operations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right;&gt;1
735
512&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;1
952
301&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Evans Public Restaurant&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;218
916&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;1
954
428&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;1
952
301&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Gross Profit&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Brewery and Malt liquor operations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;401
359&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;495
689&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Evans Public Restaurant&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(35
116&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;366
244&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom:
 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt;
 border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;495
689&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Income (Loss) from operations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Brewery and Malt liquor operations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(483
423&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(174
284&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Evans Public Restaurant&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(234
415&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(214
267&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(179
854&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;(932
106&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;(354
138&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Interest expense&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Brewery and Malt liquor operations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;12
892&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;6
022&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Evans Public Restaurant&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;835&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;9
525&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;6
175&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;23
252&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;12
197&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;
 padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td
 style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Other income (expense)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Brewery and Malt liquor operations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(4
961&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;26
407&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Evans Public Restaurant&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(165
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;(169
961&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;26
407&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Brewery and Malt liquor operations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(502
784&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(167
894&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Evans Public Restaurant&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(401
150&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(223
792&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(186
029&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;(1
127
727&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;(353


161&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;33
889&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;2
824&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;119


672&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;2
092&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;6


198&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;31
333&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;106











212 shares for and 1
600 shares against. As such
 Bayhawk sold to EBC
 and EBC purchased from Bayhawk





































 including beer. For brewers producing fewer than two million barrels of beer per calendar year
 the federal excise tax is $7 per barrel on the first 60














































 closest to the time of conversion; or b) if the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock is then publicly-traded


000 and are replaced by a single note for $118
603
 which includes the original principal of $108
000 plus $10









































































 2017
 and January 31































































&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Going Concern&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company's financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has an accumulated deficit of $2
562
037. The financial statements do not include any adjustment relating to recoverability and classification of recorded amounts of assets and liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 5 - NOTES PAYABLE- LINE OF CREDIT&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company established a line of credit with City National Bank in the amount of $100
000 with a variable interest rate that was 5.25% as of December 31
 2016. During the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company drew down on this line of credit in the amount of $43
000. Subsequent to the year ended December 31
 2016
 the line of credit has been increased to $200
000.&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Prepaid Expenses&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;For the year ended December 31
 2016
 prepaid expense consists of $10
400 for prepaid state income tax and $167 in prepaid insurance. For the year ended December 31
 2015 the prepaid expense was $11
000 which was for prepaid state income tax as well.&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Liquor License&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;With the acquisition of the Evans Public House Restaurant the Company acquired a liquor license that it paid $50
000 for. The value of the liquor license has increased and if the Company wanted to sell the license it could get more for it than it paid. This is based on the fact that the Company is in the process of acquiring a liquor license for it new restaurant in Huntington Beach that will cost over $65
000.&lt;/p&gt;






























xmlns:ales=http://evanbrewing.com/20161231
 xmlns=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema
 xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
 xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt
 xmlns:xl=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/XLink
 xmlns:xbrli=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance
 xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
 xmlns:negated=http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/negated
 xmlns:us-gaap=http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2016-01-31
 xmlns:us-gaap-att=http://fasb.org/us-gaap/attributes
 xmlns:country=http://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2016-01-31
 xmlns:currency=http://xbrl.sec.gov/currency/2016-01-31
 xmlns:dei=http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2014-01-31
 xmlns:exch=http://xbrl.sec.gov/exch/2016-01-31
 xmlns:invest=http://xbrl.sec.gov/invest/2013-01-31
 xmlns:naics=http://xbrl.sec.gov/naics/2011-01-31
 xmlns:sic=http://xbrl.sec.gov/sic/2011-01-31
 xmlns:us-types=http://fasb.org/us-types/2016-01-31
 xmlns:stpr=http://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2011-01-31
 xmlns:ref=http://www.xbrl.org/2006/ref
 xmlns:deprecated=http://www.xbrl.org/2009/arcrole/fact-explanatoryFact
 xmlns:nonnum=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/non-numeric
 xmlns:num=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/numeric






































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 Net































 Plant and Equipment











 Plant and Equipment








































































 Gross

































 Related Parties



























 Related Parties













 ($.0001 par value
 5
000


 authorized 10
000
000 shares
 series A
 $0.0001 par value
 1
000
000 issued and outstanding as of December 30
 2016
 and 0 issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2015




 100
000
000 shares authorized; 436
000 shares and 10
000
000 shares issued and outstanding as of September 30
 2014 and December 31
 2013


 authorized 100
000
000 shares
 $0.0001 par value
 4
757
463 issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2016
 and 4
469
863 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2015












































































 Shares































































































 Income Taxes
 Extraordinary Items


















































































































 Value








 Shares

































































































 Plant


































 (b) leases held-for-investment































































































































































































 Plant and Equipment



































































































































































 Shares
































 Equity Interest Issued or Issuable





 Step Acquisition
 Equity Interest in Acquiree















 Raw Materials





 Work in Process





 Finished Goods







 or consumed within one year or operating cycle


















 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment







































































































































 including foreign and domestic
 interest and noninterest bearing; may include demand deposits
 saving deposits






 including foreign and domestic
 interest and noninterest bearing; may include demand deposits
 saving deposits





























 Plant and Equipment






 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant






























 Periodic Payment



























 Increase (Decrease)
















































































 Increase






























 Excluding Share-based Payments and Postretirement Benefits






































































 Value








































 State and Local Income Taxes





 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance






 Net of Valuation Allowance





















 Net



















 Valuation Allowance





 Net
















 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate








































 Future Minimum Payments Receivable





 Future Minimum Payments Receivable





 Future Minimum Payments Receivable











 Future Minimum Payments Receivable





 Future Minimum Payments

















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2017
Jun. 30
 2015



































































  2016






































































Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



784
293





































If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











997


392





368


358





170


814





848







300







567


000





250


564












229
141


039





229
141


039












000







100


000





668


750





768


750





935
159


350
353












224


081





450


754





873


730





295







567


574





668


750





739







000







672


672





198


199





197


000





050
884


760












092


419





333


693







000





084
309


872










Preferred Stock
 authorized 10
000
000 shares
 series A
 $0.0001 par value
 1
000
000 issued and outstanding as of December 30
 2016
 and 0 issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2015
 respectively






Common Stock
 authorized 100
000
000 shares
 $0.0001 par value
 4
757
463 issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2016
 and 4
469
863 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2015
 respectively








412
311


084
345





562
037)


434
311)





850


481





935
159


350
353




































It represents
payable- credit cards.

























































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).

























































Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.

























































Amount of short-term debt and current maturity of long-term debt and capital lease obligations due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount of deferred revenue as of balance sheet date. Deferred revenue represents collections of cash or other assets related to a revenue producing activity for which revenue has not yet been recognized. Generally
 an entity records deferred revenue when it receives consideration from a customer before achieving certain criteria that must be met for revenue to be recognized in conformity with GAAP.




























Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences
 classified as other.

























































Carrying value of amounts transferred to third parties for security purposes that are expected to be returned or applied towards payment within one year or during the operating cycle
 if shorter.




























Carrying value of amounts transferred to third parties for security purposes that are expected to be returned or applied towards payment after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.




















































































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation of tangible personal property used to produce goods and services
 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
 computer and office equipment.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 aggregate carrying amount of all types of notes payable
 as of the balance sheet date
 with initial maturities beyond one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 payable to related parties
 which are due after one year (or one business cycle).





















































































Amount due from parties in nontrade transactions
 classified as other.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.





















































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015









Preferred Stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Series A Preferred Stock
 par value






Series A Preferred Stock
 shares issued

000
000





Series A Preferred Stock
 shares outstanding

000
000





Common Stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common Stock
 par value






Common Stock
 shares issued

757
463


469
863



Common Stock
 shares outstanding

757
463


469
863

































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











954
428


952
301





588
184


456
612





244


689












818


971





966


375





525


680





041


801





298
350


827





106)


138)












252)


197)





961)







000)









996







411





213)


210





125
319)


928)





408


995





127
727)


923)



















637
984


469
863
















































































































































































































The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
























































Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations before deduction of income tax expense (benefit) and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest
 and addition of income (loss) from equity method investments.

























































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.

























































Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.
























































A fee charged for services from professionals such as doctors
 lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions
 for example
 pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a)
(b)
(c)
(d))



























Expenditures for salaries for officers and non-officers. Does not include allocated share-based compensation
 pension and post-retirement benefit expense or other labor-related non-salary expense. For commercial and industrial companies
 excludes any direct and overhead labor that is included in cost of goods sold.




























Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period
 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.

























































Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Balance at Dec. 31
 2014

004
405






084
304


080
388)



Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2014





884
624




















Shares unclaimed and canceled
 shares





761)









923)








923)



Balance at Dec. 31
 2015

481






084
345


434
311)



Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2015





469
863




















Shares -adjusted
 shares














753






748





Shares issued for cash
 shares





000









650






626





Shares issued for services
 shares





000









093
693






093
592





Preferred shares issued for Public House
 shares



000
000











127
727)








127
727)



Balance at Dec. 31
 2016

850






412
311


562
037)



Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2016



000
000


757
463

























































































































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.




























Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.






















































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











127
727)


923)












650









000





000)







896


396














865





600


000





356)


329





142


466







039)





856)


991)





874


686)





351)


417


























998)


844)





998)


844)












687)







753







000









670)







042





093
692







197


000





497
955


372





395)


055)





392


447





997


392












954


914







363






































































































































































The net cash outflow or inflow for the increase (decrease) in the beginning and end of period of loan and lease balances which are not originated or purchased specifically for resale. Includes cash payments and proceeds associated with (a) loans held-for-investment
 (b) leases held-for-investment
 and (c) both.


















































































































The cash inflow associated with the acquisition of business during the period (for example
 cash that was held by the acquired business).




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.




























The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.




























The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.



















































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.


















































































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
























































The cash inflow from the issuance of common stock
 preferred stock
 treasury stock
 stock options
 and other types of equity.




























Amount of cash inflow from contractual arrangement with the lender
 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.

























































The cash inflow from a long-term borrowing made from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.




























The cash inflow from disposal of asset without physical form usually arising from contractual or other legal rights
 excluding goodwill.




























The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.




























The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







Evans Brewing Company Inc. (formerly ALPINE 3 Inc.) (&#8220;EBC&#8221; or the &#8220;Company&#8221;) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on June 18
 2013. Alpine 3 Inc. was set up to serve as a vehicle to effect an asset acquisition
 merger
 exchange of capital stock
 or other business combination with a domestic or foreign business. Alpine 3 did not undertake any effort to cause a market to develop in its securities
 either debt or equity
 before it successfully concluded a business combination. On April 4
 2014
 The Michael J. Rapport Trust (the &#8220;Trust&#8221;) purchased 10
000
000 shares of common stock
 which was all of the outstanding shares of Alpine 3
 from the founder of Alpine 3
 and changed the name to Evans Brewing Company Inc. on May 29
 2014. On October 9
 2014
 the Trust agreed to the cancellation of 9
600
000 of the shares of common stock that it had acquired and retained 400
On October 15
 2014
 the Company entered into an Asset Purchase and Share Exchange Agreement (the &#8220;Agreement&#8221;) with Bayhawk Ales
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (&#8220;Bayhawk&#8221;)
 subject to receiving approval of the independent Bayhawk shareholders who vote on the transaction. On September 17
 2015
 the independent Bayhawk shareholders approved the agreement by a vote of 251
212 shares for and 1
600 shares against. As such
 Bayhawk sold to EBC
 and EBC purchased from Bayhawk
 assets of Bayhawk
 including but not limited to: (A) all assets
 including personal property
 intellectual property
 inventory
 contracts
 websites
 documents
 and all other assets however delineated relating to the Bayhawk Ales label (as defined in the Agreement and discussed in more detail below); and (B) all assets
 including personal property
 intellectual property
 inventory
 contracts
 websites
 documents
 and all other assets however delineated relating to the Evans Brands (as defined in the Agreement and discussed in more detail below) (collectively
 the &#8220;Transferred Assets&#8221;). Bayhawk retained ownership of 100% of the stock in Evans Brewing Co (CA) (&#8220;Evans Brewing California&#8221;) which has the brewers license at City Brewery in Lacrosse
 WI (where the non-craft brands will be brewed
 with the balance of the craft brands being brewed in Irvine
 California). Based on the affirmative vote by the independent Bayhawk shareholders to approve the Asset Purchase transaction
 EBC proceeded with the share exchange and tender offer to the Bayhawk shareholders
 pursuant to which EBC offered to exchange shares of EBC common stock for shares of Bayhawk common stock
 on a one-for-one basis (the &#8220;Exchange Offer&#8221;). Bayhawk shareholders had until December 2
 2015
 to tender their Bayhawk shares in the share exchange. Bayhawk shareholders also had until December 2
 2015
 to rescind the exchange of shares. There also was no minimum number of shares of Bayhawk common stock that must be tendered for the Exchange Offer to close. At the close of the share exchange on December 2
 2015
 Premier Stock Transfer accepted on behalf of EBC 4
033
863 Bayhawk shares and issued 4
033
863 shares of EBC common stock upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Asset Purchase and Share Exchange Agreement by and between EBC and Bayhawk
 dated October 15
 2014
On September 29
 2016
 Evans Brewing Company
 Inc.
 closed the acquisition of a restaurant business located in the downtown SOCO District of Fullerton
 California
 through the acquisition of all the outstanding stock of EBC Public House
 Inc.
 which the Company now operates as its first branded restaurant and taproom under the trade name &#8220;The Public House by Evans Brewing Company&#8221;. The Public House features the Company&#8217;s beers &#8211; as well as beers from other selected local Orange County
 California breweries
 -- food and
 potentially
In connection with such closing
 the Company acquired 100% of the outstanding shares of EBC Public House from Mr. Rapport and issued 1
000
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s Series A Preferred Stock to Mr. Rapport. The asset purchase and share exchange have been treated as business combination as both companies are controlled by the same management.







The entire disclosure for the business description and basis of presentation concepts.  Business description describes the nature and type of organization including but not limited to organizational structure as may be applicable to holding companies
 parent and subsidiary relationships
 business divisions
 business units
 business segments
 affiliates and information about significant ownership of the reporting entity.  Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016
















The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates are used when accounting for allowances for bad debts
 collectability of accounts receivable
 amounts due to service providers
 depreciation and litigation contingencies
 among others.





 which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has an accumulated deficit of $2
562
037. The financial statements do not include any adjustment relating to recoverability and classification of recorded amounts of assets and liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.


 dependent upon its ability to continue to execute its operating plan and to obtain additional debt or equity financing. There can be no assurance the necessary debt or equity financing will be available
 or will be available on terms acceptable to the Company.



For purposes of the statement of cash flows
 the Company considers all highly liquid debt instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents to the extent the funds are not being held for investment purposes. The Company had no cash equivalents as of December 31
 2016
 and 2015.




791 at December 31
 2016 and $6
950 for December 31
 2015
 to be appropriate.



Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market. EBC regularly reviews its inventories for the presence of obsolete product attributed to age
 seasonality
 and quality and reduces its cost basis when its review indicates a reduction in utility below the inventory's carrying value. Inventories consisted of the following at December 31
 2015 and 2014:























































































































 2016
 prepaid expense consists of $10
400 for prepaid state income tax and $167 in prepaid insurance. For the year ended December 31
 2015 the prepaid expense was $11
000 which was for prepaid state income tax as well.





 2016
 had deposits of $82
400
 consisting of short-term deposits of $10
300 and long-term deposits of $72
100. This is made up of a can deposit of $67
500 for cans all of which is long term
 and deposits of $14
900 for the restaurant. One half of the can deposit of $135
000 was returned during the year ended December 31
 2016
 leaving a deposit balance of $67
500. The deposits that make up the $14
900 are; $9
200 deposit on the building rent which $4
600 is long term
 $5
190 utility deposits
 $260 deposit with the city of Fullerton for the patio
 and $250 for a software deposit. For the year ended December 31
 2015
 EBC had a can deposit of $135
000 with a third-party that cans its product.






000 for. The value of the liquor license has increased and if the Company wanted to sell the license it could get more for it than it paid. This is based on the fact that the Company is in the process of acquiring a liquor license for it new restaurant in Huntington Beach that will cost over $65
000.


















































EBC capitalizes significant capital expenditures. Ordinary maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as expenses when incurred. When assets are sold or retired
 the costs and related accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from the accounts
 and any resulting gain or loss is included in the income. Total depreciation expense for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 was $90
896 and $46
396
 respectively.



EBC evaluates its long-lived assets by measuring the carrying amount of the asset against the estimated undiscounted future cash flows associated with them. At the time such evaluations indicate that the future undiscounted cash flows of certain long lived assets are not sufficient to recover the carrying value of such assets
 the assets are adjusted to their fair values. No adjustment to the carrying value of the assets has been made.







EBC distributes its draft beer in kegs that are owned by the Company. When a draft beer is shipped to the customer
 the Company collects a refundable deposit and records a liability. Upon return of the keg
 the deposit is refunded to the customer and the liability is reduced. As of December 31
 2016
 and 2015
 EBC had refundable deposits in the amounts of $107
567 and $107
574
 respectively. EBC accounts for the loss
 breakage
 and deterioration of the kegs by crediting the customer&#8217;s deposits. The deposit approximates EBC&#8217;s cost of the keg. Any additional cost incurred for the loss
 breakage
 or deterioration of the kegs is then billed to the customer. Management periodically reviews its refundable deposits for any loss allowance on loss
 breakage
 or deterioration and has determined that no allowance was necessary as of December 31
 2016
 and 2015.



Revenue from product sales
 are recognized when the products are picked up by individual customers or shipped to wholesale customers. The following criteria are met before revenue is recognized: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 shipment of product or pickup has occurred
 selling price is fixed or determinable and collection is reasonably assured. Product returns are allowed
 but are rare according to historical records for past years. EBC continuously monitors and evaluates product returns. There was no allowance for product returns as of December 31
 2016
 and 2015.







The federal government levies excise taxes on the sale of alcoholic beverages
 including beer. For brewers producing fewer than two million barrels of beer per calendar year
 the federal excise tax is $7
 per barrel on the first 60
000 barrels of beer removed for consumption or sale during the calendar year. The state of California imposes excise taxes on the sale and distribution of beer at a rate of $0.20 per gallon. Excise taxes due to federal and state agencies are not collected from customers. For the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 excise taxes amounted to approximately $117
038 and $71
534
 respectively
 which is treated as a Cost of Goods sold.



EBC utilizes the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes in accordance with the provisions of the &#8220;Expenses &#8211; Income Taxes Topic&#8221; of the FASB ASC. Under the asset and liability method
 deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred income tax assets will not be realized. The Company considers certain tax planning strategies in its assessment as to the recoverability of its tax assets. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred income tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in earnings in the period that the tax rate changes. EBC recognizes
 in its financial statements
 the impact of a tax position
 if that position is more likely than not to be sustained on audit
 based on technical merits of the position. There are no material unrecognized tax positions in the financial statements.

EBC accounts for uncertain tax positions in accordance with FASB ASC 740 (formerly Financial Accounting Standards Boards Interpretation No. 48
). FASB ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition of uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. The interpretation also provides guidance on recognition
 derecognition
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure and transition. The Company adopted the provisions of FASB ASC 740 and there was no impact on total liabilities or stockholder's equity as a result of the adoption of FASB ASC 740.

For federal tax purposes the Company&#8217;s 2013 through 2016 tax years remain open for examination by the tax authorities under normal three-year statute of limitations. Generally
 for state tax purposes
 the Company&#8217;s 2012 through 2016 tax years remain open for examination by the tax authorities under a four-year statute of limitations



Fair value of certain of the Company&#8217;s financial instruments including cash
 account payable
 accrued expenses
 notes payables
 and other accrued liabilities approximate cost because of their short maturities. The Company measures and reports fair value in accordance with ASC 820
 &#8220;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosure&#8221; defines fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and expands disclosures about fair value investments.

Fair value
 as defined in ASC 820
 is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value of an asset should reflect its highest and best use by market participants
 principal (or most advantageous) markets
 and an in-use or an in-exchange valuation premise. The fair value of a liability should reflect the risk of nonperformance
 which includes
 among other things
 the Company&#8217;s credit risk.

Valuation techniques are generally classified into three categories: the market approach; the income approach; and the cost approach. The selection and application of one or more of the techniques may require significant judgment and are primarily dependent upon the characteristics of the asset or liability
 and the quality and availability of inputs. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value under ASC 820 must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. ASC 820 also provides fair value hierarchy for inputs and resulting measurement as follows:







Fair value measurements are required to be disclosed by the Level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall. Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (in Level 3 measurements) are subject to expanded disclosure requirements including a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances
 separately presenting changes during the period attributable to the following: (i) total gains or losses for the period (realized and unrealized)
 segregating those gains or losses included in earnings
 and a description of where those gains or losses included in earning are reported in the statement of income.









The FASB issued ASU 2016-09 in March 2016
 to provide guidance to entities that issue share-based payment awards to their employees as part of its Simplification Initiative. The objective of the Simplification Initiative is to identify
 evaluate
 and improve areas of generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) for which cost and complexity can be reduced while maintaining or improving the usefulness of the information provided to users of financial statements. The areas for simplification in this Update were identified through outreach for the Simplification Initiative and involve several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions
 including the income tax consequences
 classification of awards as either equity or liabilities
 and classification on the statement of cash.


The FASB issued ASU 2015-11 in July
 2015
 to provide guidance on how an entity should measure inventory within the scope of this Update at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation. The amendments in this Update more closely align the measurement of inventory in GAAP with the measurement of inventory in International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). For public business entities
 the amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities
 the amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017. The amendments in this Update should be applied prospectively with earlier application permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period.

The FASB issued ASU 2014-15 on August 27
 2014
 providing guidance on determining when and how to disclose going-concern uncertainties in the financial statements. The new standard requires management to perform interim and annual assessments of an entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date the financial statements are issued. An entity must provide certain disclosures if &#8220;conditions or events raise substantial doubt about [the] entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern.&#8221; The ASU applies to all entities and is effective for annual periods ending after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods thereafter
 with early adoption permitted.

The Company has implemented all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect. &#160;These pronouncements did not have any material impact on the financial statements unless otherwise disclosed
 and the Company does not believe that there are any other new accounting pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations.














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







Property and equipment consisted of the following at December 31
757
731
311
311
821
4
4
63
59
1
958
1
107


(638
Property and equipment
1
229
469
039



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







Note payable balance as of December 31
 2016
 was $106
531
 with $75
198 being the current obligation and $31
333 being the long-term obligation. The balance as of December 31
 2015
 was $181
892
 with $75
199 being the current obligation and $106
Note payable for the acquisition of 4300 kegs with the monthly principal obligation of $6
106
181
892



































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016











 2016
 the Company established a line of credit with City National Bank in the amount of $100
000 with a variable interest rate that was 5.25% as of December 31
 2016. During the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company drew down on this line of credit in the amount of $43
000. Subsequent to the year ended December 31
 2016
 the line of credit has been increased to $200
000.














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016










On July 21
 2014
 Michael J. Rapport
 the Chief Executive Officer
 sole director
 and controlling shareholder of the Company
 advanced the Company a $100
000 long term unsecured loan with a 1.5% interest rate per annum
 due no later than July 21
 2017. The loan is convertible into common shares of the Company at any time after the second year&#8217;s anniversary at a price based upon either: a) The price of its most recent private placement offering
 closest to the time of conversion; or b) if the Company&#8217;s common stock is then publicly-traded
 the bid price of its common stock on the closing day of the conversion. For the period ended December 31
 2016
 the Company accrued $1
504 of interest on this note. For the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company accrued $1
500 on this same note. The accrued amount is included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the balance sheet. All interest is due no later than July 21
 2017.

Michael J. Rapport also advanced the Company $10
000 on April 21
 2014; $8
000 on June 13
 2014; $20
000 on June 2
 2015; $30
000 on July 2
 2015; and $40
000 on August 25
 2015
 for a total amount advanced of $108
000. All of these payments are secured by 8% interest bearing notes that are due on April 21
 2015
 June 13
 2015
 June 2
 2016
 July 2
 2016
 and August 25
 2016
 respectively. As of June 30
 2016
 four of the five notes totaling $108
000 were past due. On July 30
 2016
 Michael J. Rapport exchanged the 5 notes
 4 of which were past due
 for a single note. The 5 notes total $108
000 and are replaced by a single note for $118
603
 which includes the original principal of $108
000 plus $10
603 of accrued interest. The new note has a term of one year and will bear interest at per annum rate of 6% instead of the 8% per annum rate on the old notes. For the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company accrued $3
002 of interest for this note. For the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company had an accrued balance of $5
584 interest for the notes due Mr. Rapport. The total accrued interest on this note after the consolidation of the notes is $3
002.

In addition to these notes Michael J. Rapport also paid for a new piece of equipment for the brewery on June 15
 2016
 in the amount of $17
496. A separate 8% interest bearing note was drawn up for this amount and accrued interest in the amount of $763 has been recorded as of the year ended December 31
 2016.

On July 27
 2016
 Mr. Rapport&#8217;s loaned the Company $250
000. The note is unsecured
 has a term of one year and bears interest at the rate of 4% per annum. For the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company accrued $4
301 of interest for this note.

On October 1
 2016
 Mr. Rapport executed a note in the amount of $400
000 with
 EBC Public House. The note is unsecured
 and has a one year term and bears interest at the rate of 3% per annum. The note is an installment note to provide working capital as needed for EBC Public House. During the year ended December 31
 2016
 EBC Public House had 5 different draws against the note for a total of $118
098. The balance of the note as of December 31
 2016
 is $118
098. For the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company accrued $709 of interest for the amount drawn on this note.



For the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company accrued interest of $12
450 on the notes due to Mr. Rapport. For the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company accrued interest of $6
175 pertaining to all the notes due to Mr. Rapport.














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016












The Company issued 1
000
000 shares of preferred Series A stock to Michael J. Rapport on September 29
 2016
 in exchange for 100% of the outstanding shares of EBC Public House. The acquisition gives the Company its first branded restaurant and taproom under the trade name &#8220;The Public House by Evans Brewing Company&#8221; which will feature the Company&#8217;s beers and provides an inventive gastropub menu. The asset purchase and share exchange have been treated as business combination as both companies are controlled by the same management. For the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company had 1
000
000 shares of preferred shares outstanding. During the fiscal year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company amended the certificate of incorporation authorizing the Company to issue 10
000
000 shares of $.0001 par value preferred stock. No shares of preferred stock were issued as of December 31
 2015.



&#160;- The Company is authorized to issue 100
000
000 shares of $.0001 par value common stock. As of December 31
 2016
 and December 31
 2015
 there are 4
757
463 and 4
469
863 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively.

Upon formation of the Company on June 18
 2013
 the Board of Directors issued 10
000
000 shares of common stock for $1
000 in services to the founding shareholder of the Company. In addition
 the founding shareholder made a contribution of $3
050 in 2014 to the Company
 which are recorded as additional paid-in capital.

On April 4 2014
 the founding shareholder entered into a Share Purchase Agreement pursuant to which he sold an aggregate of 10
000
000 shares of EBC&#8217;s common stock to The Michael J. Rapport Trust (the &#8220;Trust&#8221;) for a purchase price of $40
000. Pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement
 The Trust became
 the sole shareholder of EBC
 owning 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of EBC&#8217;s common stock. On September 22
 2014
 the Company cancelled 9
600
000 shares of common stock for no consideration. On September 23
 2014
 the Company issued 6
000 shares of common stock to directors of the Company for services valued at $600 ($0.10 per share). On September 23
 2014
 the Company issued 30
000 shares of common stock for services to Tech Associates Inc.
 a company controlled by Richard Chiang
 a director of the Company
 valued at $3
000 ($0.10 per share) bringing the total shares outstanding to 436
000 shares of common.

Based on the completion of the asset purchase agreement and share exchange agreement by and between EBC and Bayhawk
 on December 2
 2015
 Premier Stock Transfer accepted on behalf of EBC 4
033
863 Bayhawk shares and issued 4
033
863 shares of EBC common stock upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Asset Purchase and Share Exchange Agreement by and between EBC and Bayhawk
 dated October 15
 2014
 as amended (the &#8220;Asset Purchase Agreement&#8221;). EBC filed a copy of the Asset Purchase Agreement as an annex to a combination registration statement and proxy statement on Form S-4. The Bayhawk shares were validly tendered pursuant to the Exchange Offer and not withdrawn.

The 4
033
863 shares exchanged per the agreement along with the 436
000 shares that Evans Brewing Company held brings the total outstanding to 4
469
863. Bayhawk had a total of 4
884
624 shares of its common stock outstanding as of December 31
 2014
 and as of the closing of the Share Exchange
 but 414
761 shares were not tendered in the Share Exchange
 so the total shares outstanding shares of EBC common stock at December 31
 2015
 was 4
469
863. During the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company added 287
600 shares for cash and services
 bringing the total shares outstanding as of December 31
 2016
 to 4
757
463.




































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016






























637





469



















127













































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016










The provision for income taxes consists of the following for the year ended December 31













































































Deferred income taxes consist of the following for the year ended December 31



















































































































































Deferred income taxes are provided for the temporary differences between the carrying values of the Company&#8217;s assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and their corresponding income tax basis. The temporary differences give rise to either a deferred tax asset or liability in the consolidated financial statements
 which is computed by applying current statutory tax rates to taxable and deductible temporary differences based upon the classification (i.e. current or non-current) of the asset or liability in the consolidated financial statements which relates to the particular temporary difference. Deferred taxes related to differences which are not attributable to a specific asset or liability are classified in accordance with the future period in which they are expected to reverse and be recognized for income tax purposes. The long-term deferred tax assets are fully valued as of December 31
 2016.

As of December 31
 2016
 and 2015
 the components of the Company&#8217;s deferred tax assets and liabilities primarily consist of temporary differences attributable to differing methods of depreciation
 insurance claim receivables
 net operating losses
 allowances for obsolete inventory
 and reserves for bad debt.

EBC&#8217;s management used 34% and 25% rate to calculate the deferred tax assets and the current tax provision.&#160; Because of the startup costs of EBC and the net operating losses earned by Bayhawk during the first few years in operation
 the Company has had to pay very little federal income tax.&#160; In 2015 the Company paid no federal income tax and will have no tax obligation for 2016 as well.&#160; EBC management expects that the Company will not pay any federal income tax in 2017 as well
 due to its significant net operating losses.




































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016










On September 29
 2016
 Evans Brewing Company
 Inc.
 closed the acquisition of a restaurant business located in the downtown SOCO District of Fullerton
 California
 through the acquisition of all the outstanding stock of EBC Public House
 Inc.
 in exchange for 100% of the outstanding shares of EBC Public House from Mr. Rapport and issued 1
000
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s Series A Preferred Stock to Mr. Rapport. Mr. Rapport is also the CEO of Evans Brewing Company and so the asset purchase and share exchange have been treated as business combination as both companies are controlled by the same management.

When Mr. Rapport originally acquired the restaurant
 he incurred goodwill of $165
000. As part of the acquisition
 Evans Brewing Company wrote off the goodwill recognizing a loss of $165
000 on Evans Public House books. The note on the Evans Public House books due to Mr. Rapport for money spent in building out the restaurant was forgiven with the offsetting entry going to additional paid in capital in the amount of $1
173
270.








The entire disclosure for a business combination (or series of individually immaterial business combinations) completed during the period
 including background
 timing
 and recognized assets and liabilities. The disclosure may include leverage buyout transactions (as applicable).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016










ASC Topic 280
&#160;
 requires use of the &#8220;management approach&#8221; model for segment reporting. The management approach model is based on the way a company&#8217;s management organizes segments within the company for making operating decisions and assessing performance. The Company has two reportable segments: Evans brewery and malt liquor operations and Evans Public House restaurant. The restaurant operation was just added with the acquisition of Evans Public House restaurant. Below is a table summarizing the Company&#8217;s segment information:





December 31


























735





952































954





952



































































































































































































































































































































































127













































The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue
 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016












The Company operates out of three buildings in Irvine
 California
 and Santa Ana
 California
 under non-cancelable leases expiring between July 31
 2017
 and January 31
 2019.

Total lease expense paid during the year ended December 31
 2016 and the year ended December 31
 20145
 was $83
161 and $83
161
 respectively.






























































































































The Company may be subject to legal proceedings and claims which arise in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management
 the ultimate outcome of the claims and litigation
 if any
 will not have a material adverse effect on the Company&#8217;s financial position.&#160;














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016












The Company maintains cash balances at financial institutions insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). The FDIC insures cash balances up to $250
000 per institution. As of December 31
 2016
 the Company had no bank account that exceeded the insured amount. The Company normally has no problem with uninsured balances as its deposits are separated across financial institutions.



At December 31
 2016
 three customers accounted for approximately 44%
 28%
 and 9%
 respectively
 of the Company&#8217;s accounts receivable. At December 31
 2015
 three customers accounted for approximately 54%
 16%
 and 12%
 respectively
 of the Company's accounts receivable.



At December 31
 2016
 five vendors accounted for approximately 32%
 12%
 7%
 6% and 3%
 respectively
 of the Company&#8217;s accounts payable. At December 31
 2015
 three vendors accounted for approximately 57%
 9% and 6%
 respectively
 of the Company's accounts payable. For the year ended December 31
 2016
 two vendors accounted for approximately 44% and 8% of total purchases. For the year ended December 31
 2015
 two vendors accounted for approximately 69% and 13% of total purchases.



For the year ended December 31
 2016
 three customers accounted for approximately 35%
 20%
 and 13%
 respectively
 of the Company&#8217;s sales. For year ended December 31
 2015
 three customers accounted for approximately 34%
 25%
 and 16%
 respectively
 of the Company's sales.








The entire disclosure for any concentrations existing at the date of the financial statements that make an entity vulnerable to a reasonably possible
 near-term
 severe impact. This disclosure informs financial statement users about the general nature of the risk associated with the concentration
 and may indicate the percentage of concentration risk as of the balance sheet date.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016










Subsequent events have been evaluated through March 31
 2017
 which is the date the financial statements were available to be issued.






Subsequent to the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company issued 26
830 shares of common stock for exchange of Bayhawk shares. These shares were sent in by shareholders prior to December 2
 2015
 which was the closing date for shares to be exchanged. However
 these shares were lost by the former transfer agent and the exchange was not effected. These shares have subsequent been found and the exchange has been made.











Subsequent to the year ended December 31
 2016
 Kevin Hammons was appointed to the board of directors.






































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016












The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates are used when accounting for allowances for bad debts
 collectability of accounts receivable
 amounts due to service providers
 depreciation and litigation contingencies
 among others.








 which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has an accumulated deficit of $2
562
037. The financial statements do not include any adjustment relating to recoverability and classification of recorded amounts of assets and liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.





For purposes of the statement of cash flows
 the Company considers all highly liquid debt instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents to the extent the funds are not being held for investment purposes. The Company had no cash equivalents as of December 31
 2016
 and 2015.








791 at December 31
 2016 and $6
950 for December 31
 2015
 to be appropriate.





Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market. EBC regularly reviews its inventories for the presence of obsolete product attributed to age
 seasonality
 and quality and reduces its cost basis when its review indicates a reduction in utility below the inventory's carrying value. Inventories consisted of the following at December 31
25
38
43
46
36
128
92
18
22
(16
(16
240
178
814








 2016
 prepaid expense consists of $10
400 for prepaid state income tax and $167 in prepaid insurance. For the year ended December 31
 2015 the prepaid expense was $11
000 which was for prepaid state income tax as well.










 2016
 had deposits of $82
400
 consisting of short-term deposits of $10
300 and long-term deposits of $72
100. This is made up of a can deposit of $67
500 for cans all of which is long term
 and deposits of $14
900 for the restaurant. One half of the can deposit of $135
000 was returned during the year ended December 31
 2016
 leaving a deposit balance of $67
500. The deposits that make up the $14
900 are; $9
200 deposit on the building rent which $4
600 is long term
 $5
190 utility deposits
 $260 deposit with the city of Fullerton for the patio
 and $250 for a software deposit. For the year ended December 31
 2015
 EBC had a can deposit of $135
000 with a third-party that cans its product.









000 for. The value of the liquor license has increased and if the Company wanted to sell the license it could get more for it than it paid. This is based on the fact that the Company is in the process of acquiring a liquor license for it new restaurant in Huntington Beach that will cost over $65
000.





EBC capitalizes significant capital expenditures. Ordinary maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as expenses when incurred. When assets are sold or retired
 the costs and related accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from the accounts
 and any resulting gain or loss is included in the income. Total depreciation expense for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 was $90
896 and $46
396
 respectively.




EBC evaluates its long-lived assets by measuring the carrying amount of the asset against the estimated undiscounted future cash flows associated with them. At the time such evaluations indicate that the future undiscounted cash flows of certain long lived assets are not sufficient to recover the carrying value of such assets
 the assets are adjusted to their fair values. No adjustment to the carrying value of the assets has been made.









EBC distributes its draft beer in kegs that are owned by the Company. When a draft beer is shipped to the customer
 the Company collects a refundable deposit and records a liability. Upon return of the keg
 the deposit is refunded to the customer and the liability is reduced. As of December 31
 2016
 and 2015
 EBC had refundable deposits in the amounts of $107
567 and $107
574
 respectively. EBC accounts for the loss
 breakage
 and deterioration of the kegs by crediting the customer&#8217;s deposits. The deposit approximates EBC&#8217;s cost of the keg. Any additional cost incurred for the loss
 breakage
 or deterioration of the kegs is then billed to the customer. Management periodically reviews its refundable deposits for any loss allowance on loss
 breakage
 or deterioration and has determined that no allowance was necessary as of December 31
 2016
 and 2015.




Revenue from product sales
 are recognized when the products are picked up by individual customers or shipped to wholesale customers. The following criteria are met before revenue is recognized: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 shipment of product or pickup has occurred
 selling price is fixed or determinable and collection is reasonably assured. Product returns are allowed
 but are rare according to historical records for past years. EBC continuously monitors and evaluates product returns. There was no allowance for product returns as of December 31
 2016
 and 2015.









The federal government levies excise taxes on the sale of alcoholic beverages
 including beer. For brewers producing fewer than two million barrels of beer per calendar year
 the federal excise tax is $7 per barrel on the first 60
000 barrels of beer removed for consumption or sale during the calendar year. The state of California imposes excise taxes on the sale and distribution of beer at a rate of $0.20 per gallon. Excise taxes due to federal and state agencies are not collected from customers. For the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 excise taxes amounted to approximately $117
038 and $71
534
 respectively
 which is treated as a Cost of Goods sold.




EBC utilizes the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes in accordance with the provisions of the &#8220;Expenses &#8211; Income Taxes Topic&#8221; of the FASB ASC. Under the asset and liability method
 deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred income tax assets will not be realized. The Company considers certain tax planning strategies in its assessment as to the recoverability of its tax assets. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred income tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in earnings in the period that the tax rate changes. EBC recognizes
 in its financial statements
 the impact of a tax position
 if that position is more likely than not to be sustained on audit
EBC accounts for uncertain tax positions in accordance with FASB ASC 740 (formerly Financial Accounting Standards Boards Interpretation No. 48
). FASB ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition of uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. The interpretation also provides guidance on recognition
 derecognition
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
For federal tax purposes the Company&#8217;s 2013 through 2016 tax years remain open for examination by the tax authorities under normal three-year statute of limitations. Generally
 for state tax purposes
 the Company&#8217;s 2012 through 2016 tax years remain open for examination by the tax authorities under a four-year statute of limitations




Fair value of certain of the Company&#8217;s financial instruments including cash
 account payable
 accrued expenses
 notes payables
 and other accrued liabilities approximate cost because of their short maturities. The Company measures and reports fair value in accordance with ASC 820
 &#8220;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosure&#8221; defines fair value
Fair value
 as defined in ASC 820
 is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value of an asset should reflect its highest and best use by market participants
 principal (or most advantageous) markets
 and an in-use or an in-exchange valuation premise. The fair value of a liability should reflect the risk of nonperformance
 which includes
 among other things
Valuation techniques are generally classified into three categories: the market approach; the income approach; and the cost approach. The selection and application of one or more of the techniques may require significant judgment and are primarily dependent upon the characteristics of the asset or liability


 separately presenting changes during the period attributable to the following: (i) total gains or losses for the period (realized and unrealized)
 segregating those gains or losses included in earnings
 and a description of where those gains or losses included in earning are reported in the statement of income.









The FASB issued ASU 2016-09 in March 2016
 to provide guidance to entities that issue share-based payment awards to their employees as part of its Simplification Initiative. The objective of the Simplification Initiative is to identify
 evaluate
 and improve areas of generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) for which cost and complexity can be reduced while maintaining or improving the usefulness of the information provided to users of financial statements. The areas for simplification in this Update were identified through outreach for the Simplification Initiative and involve several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions
 including the income tax consequences
 classification of awards as either equity or liabilities
The FASB issued ASU 2015-11 in July
 2015
 to provide guidance on how an entity should measure inventory within the scope of this Update at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation. The amendments in this Update more closely align the measurement of inventory in GAAP with the measurement of inventory in International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). For public business entities
 the amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities
 the amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15
The FASB issued ASU 2014-15 on August 27
 2014
 providing guidance on determining when and how to disclose going-concern uncertainties in the financial statements. The new standard requires management to perform interim and annual assessments of an entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date the financial statements are issued. An entity must provide certain disclosures if &#8220;conditions or events raise substantial doubt about [the] entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern.&#8221; The ASU applies to all entities and is effective for annual periods ending after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods thereafter
The Company has implemented all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect. &#160;These pronouncements did not have
 any
 material impact on the financial statements unless otherwise disclosed
 and the Company does not believe that there are any other new accounting pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations.

















































































































































































































Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for recognition of costs in the period which correspond to the sales and revenue categories presented in the statement of operations. The accounting policy may include the amount and nature of costs incurred
 provisions associated with inventories
 purchase discounts
 freight and other costs included in cost of sales incurred and recorded in the period. This disclosure also includes the nature of costs of sales incurred and recorded in the statement of operations for the period relating to transactions with related parties.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for the treatment of funds received from or paid to insureds
 insurers and reinsurers on contracts for which the criteria for transferring or assuming insurance risk has not been satisfied by the insurer or reinsurer.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.



















































































































Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivable
 and finance
 loan and lease receivables
 including those classified as held for investment and held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the valuation allowance for receivables is determined (3) when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs
 including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including those that are impaired
 past due or placed on nonaccrual status and (7) the treatment of foreclosures or repossessions (8) the nature and amount of any guarantees to repurchase receivables.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







25
38
43
46
36
128
92
18
22
(16
(16
240
178
814








































The entire disclosure for intangible assets and long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.




























Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







757
731
311
311
821
4
4
63
59
1
958
1
107
(729
(638
Property and equipment
1
229
469
039



































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







Note payable for the acquisition of 4300 kegs with the monthly principal obligation of $6
106
181
892



































Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to short-term and long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

























637





469



















127



































































Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations
 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







(416
(120
(104
4
523
102
2
13
995




5
4
6
3
11
8
(579
(111
567
103
(11
(8
750



































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







December 31
1
735
1
952
218
1
954
1
952
401
495
(35
366
495
(483
(174
(234
(214
(179
(932
(354
12
6
9
6
23
12


26
(165
(169
26
(502
(167
(401
(223
(186
(1
127
(353
923







Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker
 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







83
33
2
119
874














75
31
106
531














4
2
6
764







Tabular disclosure of future minimum lease payments as of the date of the latest balance sheet presented
 in aggregate and for each of the five years succeeding fiscal years
 with separate deductions from the total for the amount representing executor costs
 including any profit thereon
 included in the minimum lease payments and for the amount of the imputed interest necessary to reduce the net minimum lease payments to present value.

























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Dec. 02
 2015
Oct. 09
 2014
Sep. 22
 2014
Apr. 04
 2014
Sep. 17
 2015
Dec. 31
 2016





















600
000


600
000




























000











Common stock shares
 description









212 shares for and 1
600 shares against. As such
 Bayhawk sold to EBC
 and EBC purchased from Bayhawk
 assets of Bayhawk.















































000









































000
000

















































000
000



































033
863













































033
863










































































Description of voting rights of common stock. Includes eligibility to vote and votes per share owned. Include also
 if any
 unusual voting rights.



















































































































Number of shares of common stock subject to repurchase or cancellation determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that these shares have been outstanding to the total time in that period. Common stock subject to repurchase are outstanding common shares that are contingently returnable (that is
 subject to recall).
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


Inventory
 Net [Abstract]








097







403


117





168


861





933


790





069


546





500)


500)





170


814




































Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of raw materials expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of merchandise or goods in the production process expected to be completed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of other inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










































Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.

































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


















791


950





100


000





896


396





567


574





038


534



Excise tax
 description

 including beer. For brewers producing fewer than two million barrels of beer per calendar year
 the federal excise tax is $7 per barrel on the first 60
000 barrels of beer removed for consumption or sale during the calendar year. The state of California imposes excise taxes on the sale and distribution of beer at a rate of $0.20 per gallon.







000







400







562
037)


434
311)





400


000












300







100







000





















000
000





















500







500





















900


























City of Fullerton
 Patio [Member]




































200







600





















190






































The aggregate of long term deposit liabilities held by the entity
 including foreign and domestic
 interest and noninterest bearing; may include demand deposits
 saving deposits
 Negotiable Order of Withdrawal (NOW) and time deposits among others.

























































The aggregate of short term deposit liabilities held by the entity
 including foreign and domestic
 interest and noninterest bearing; may include demand deposits
 saving deposits
 Negotiable Order of Withdrawal (NOW) and time deposits among others.

























































For an unclassified balance sheet
 a valuation allowance for receivables due a company that are expected to be uncollectible.




























Amount of short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of proceeds that had been received in revenue related transactions that are refundable to the customers and do not meet the criteria for revenue recognition (for example
 refundable membership fees).




























The aggregate of all deposit liabilities held by the entity
 including foreign and domestic
 interest and noninterest bearing; may include demand deposits
 saving deposits
 Negotiable Order of Withdrawal (NOW) and time deposits among others.




























Carrying value of amounts transferred to third parties for security purposes that are expected to be returned or applied towards payment after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer.






















































































Costs incurred and are directly related to generating license revenue. Licensing arrangements include
 but are not limited to
 rights to use a patent
 copyright
 technology
 manufacturing process
 software or trademark.




























Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of expenditures made in advance of when the economic benefit of the cost will be realized
 and which will be expensed in future periods with the passage of time or when a triggering event occurs.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for insurance that provides economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.



































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property and equipment
 gross

958
196


107
198





055)


159)



Property and equipment
 net

229
141


039










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property and equipment
 gross

438


838










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property and equipment
 gross

596


596










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property and equipment
 gross

745












Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property and equipment
 gross

320


320










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property and equipment
 gross

097


399







Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015









Note payable for the acquisition of 4300 kegs with the monthly principal obligation of $6
267

000



















Note payable for the acquisition of 4300 kegs with the monthly principal obligation of $6
267

531


892




































Including the current and noncurrent portions
 aggregate carrying amount of all types of notes payable
 as of the balance sheet date
 with initial maturities beyond one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
































000







198


199





333


693



















531


892





198


199





333


693





267







300
































































































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 aggregate carrying amount of all types of notes payable
 as of the balance sheet date
 with initial maturities beyond one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















000





000















000





































































Amount of current borrowing capacity under the credit facility considering any current restrictions on the amount that could be borrowed (for example
 borrowings may be limited by the amount of current assets)
 but without considering any amounts currently outstanding under the facility.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))
























































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















Oct. 01
 2016
Jul. 02
 2015
Jun. 02
 2015
Jul. 21
 2014
Jun. 13
 2014
Jul. 30
 2016
Jul. 27
 2016
Aug. 25
 2015
Apr. 21
 2014
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Jun. 15
 2016

















































002



























229
141


039















































































002


584















































































450

















































































000

















































































000











































































000








































Debt conversion
 description











000 and are replaced by a single note for $118
603
 which includes the original principal of $108
000 plus $10
603 of accrued interest. The new note has a term of one year and will bear interest at per annum rate of 6% instead of the 8% per annum rate on the old notes.



























603








301



















603





























































































496

































































000














































Debt conversion
 description






The loan is convertible into common shares of the Company at any time after the second year&#8217;s anniversary at a price based upon either: a) The price of its most recent private placement offering
 closest to the time of conversion; or b) if the Company&#8217;s common stock is then publicly-traded
 the bid price of its common stock on the closing day of the conversion.







































504


500


























































































  2016


  2016




  2015






  2016


  2015













000


000




000






000


000


000



















































































175










































































































000































































000








































































098




























































































































Increase for accrued
 but unpaid interest on the debt instrument for the period.

























































Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Period of time between issuance and maturity of debt instrument
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 due to related parties.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of uncollateralized debt obligation (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.

































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















Dec. 02
 2015
Oct. 09
 2014
Sep. 23
 2014
Sep. 22
 2014
Apr. 04
 2014
Jun. 18
 2013
Sep. 29
 2016
Sep. 17
 2015
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014



























Preferred stock
 shares authorized

















000
000


000
000





Series A Preferred Stock
 par value
























Preferred stock
 shares issued

















000
000







Preferred stock
 shares outstanding

















000
000







Common Stock
 shares authorized

















000
000


000
000





Common Stock
 par value
























Common Stock
 shares issued

















757
463


469
863





Common Stock
 shares outstanding

















757
463


469
863





Stock issued for services
 value

















650





























050





















753




































600
000




600
000





































761























600















































































884
624





033
863











































































033
863























Tech Associates Inc.
 [Member]

















































Common Stock
 shares outstanding





000



















Stock issued for services
 shares





000



















Stock issued for services
 value





000


















































000























































































033
863

























































Stock issued for services
 shares











000
000













Stock issued for services
 value











000































































Stock issued for services
 shares





000



















Stock issued for services
 value



































































































Preferred stock
 shares issued













000
000
































































































000















Issuance of common stock
 shares









000
000






















































































































































































































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.













































































































































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.

























































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.

























































Number of shares of common stock subject to repurchase or cancellation determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that these shares have been outstanding to the total time in that period. Common stock subject to repurchase are outstanding common shares that are contingently returnable (that is
 subject to recall).

































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











637
984


469
863





127
727)


923)







































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











608)


334)





892)


311





908


028





408


995




































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


Deferred tax assets
 current portion








095


767





573


983












668


750



Deferred tax assets
 non-current portion








174)


725)












506


035





668)


750)



























































































































Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 netted by jurisdiction and classified as current.




























Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 with jurisdictional netting and classified as noncurrent.

















































































































Amount of valuation allowance of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards
 classified as noncurrent.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015






























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Sep. 29
 2016
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











Series A Preferred Stock
 shares issued



000
000









412
311


084
345






























Series A Preferred Stock
 shares issued

000
000









000









000









173
270







































Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











954
428


952
301





244


689





106)


138)





252


197







411





127
727)


923)

































267)


854)





525


175












792)


029)



















735
512


952
301





359


689





423)


284)





892


022





961)


407





784)


894)



















916







116)







415)














000)







150)






































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)





















































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period
 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















161





889





824





874




































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

























672





092





764















198





333





531




































Amount of minimum lease payments to be received by the lessor for capital leases in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments to be received by the lessor for capital leases in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





























Leases expiring
 description

 2017
 and January 31
 2019.







161


161



















300


































































A general description of the nature of the existing leasing arrangements of a lessee for all operating leases including
 but not limited to: (1) rental escalation clauses; (2) renewal or purchase options; (3) guarantees or indemnities
 if any
 (4)  restrictions imposed by lease arrangements; (5) unusual provisions or conditions; (6) contingent rentals
 if any; and (7) lease expiration dates.




























Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

































000















































Concentration risk
 percentage



























Concentration risk
 percentage
















































Concentration risk
 percentage



























Concentration risk
 percentage



























Concentration risk
 percentage
















































Concentration risk
 percentage



























Concentration risk
 percentage



























Concentration risk
 percentage



























Concentration risk
 percentage



























Concentration risk
 percentage
















































Concentration risk
 percentage



























Concentration risk
 percentage



























Concentration risk
 percentage





























































































































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.













































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











Common stock
 shares issued



757
463


469
863





















Common stock
 shares issued

830







































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.


























































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( &55D4H?(\\#P    !





MY#5-SW2 J

MO#T]OI1U*]=GTKW!Z5=VDDX1M^PR^75U=[][8*KA8E/Q=24V.\'ENI$-?Y]=

M$P   'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX;6SM6EMSVC@4?N^OT'AG]FT+QC:!MK03
X%<R)!%!,!FGK_# J5
7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%,O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S

YV?/;$[9^
RMIT-&T:









M2^JVE+ZU)CA*]+'







N2D5SJT^.7]%+(.&3E[2
M)1(4BK 


W)#V%0E\Z[:)@N%


+$CN'MB[\!





MU%$?2IF;79$DM6LT? ^^WMB#Y%:)ZJU3_J0;/8YIM:'J%&[ZMX$=UU&(O8
M] @\0J !$:G8@P&!#;8H^./ EL?D7Q$['Q$D\A 7-
##T9T3.8GH+TU-#3

CX32@4H$+A
M\Y$C 4 P+%&$J7/=T[+!H!

J



M'I?[OC\_9%GWL@_'JOO4G


4='EK<PB<'W]D_W'L?.S






MXV[(+2@=;R8W=&2$/(E1\:(/S^

0Z
M.G

MM20(XSU#FZ@HM



M39H[.U!8ZD:H1Q


M2X$CTCA/%W7_I;IW(U

QDYDQUE
G+6.F4T








)


MO?


M'$=*N'XZQRL7M!ZJ2)0:O_;OJM'OKO\2IX/-;@@&0S :_.B_AG PA(8!]60Z



M28S V^1!DJ7N#DEJ)4F7)
:VWJ9WMX+)\HARQI19F;(E4V@P98_MFG=E
YJ5
ME6:UI(D



M2=+MS[8JNN?F:FOWR[%IJZ)WC^TIZ:ZM+0YC4%4F*(1.JN)2QYO5./;6;E;-
MK2\OM7UKH^Y6547[[]:6S7T=0_Q]X



MW

,CU=LO!KCU3(^]VHP2?0HJ:<:F%0I]'0[5H=2!J6LGY2

MD[%N
O*V3:Z.1N?TVR\#;G-:38R==7ULF%E)@NX,:P;0]U(SXTARVJC?:.
MZ8[* +3

1
MA+^1.*%

S\!P$D+C@Q HX9Y0NMWH)\7H ,&$ZLR3$@*

;
%_?!D!8I6$#Y;&9'T
MP0H

5*%E!^&AE1-0



)_


E^0[B/'D ]?3JBTR;5?Z&31*56V










M@(6NJ#M*O

Y:$W

D5*

MV$QLK&2YDI)L_[Z4Y/7:
Y?)0RQ1E\
[)'5$


M;E?+YK6O#L?PN9UUKW5=MO^M0]6\/\S5_$?!E\/+OA\*%JOEJ7P)?X7^Z^ES


MLW8:K5
Y3 IU3[$SMT/AV'?CLYAM%TO?5HK


(3*1%SNIXT]LJI\IFS&4M(AJ(6\FAE1Q8
&G%L#;67ECQ


-8AY3#4$G)&YWR*;$LI!O






&!)LM-SOI)D





M


XJ4H_C+M0L=]G&ZN
MTQFV#4AG0+H ;F


MDYLD9Y= -




M7R21XCD\I*AL

;J[A'TS;
=19X




-WJPIW$;Y[I_!^G2!=)4@C0?J.

$%     @
M95612M/*\FVV 0  T@

M
.?


MP?WJ3\9;9&&IN01EN5;(0%/@N_1PS$)\#'CF

MDQZ_PES/-49S\=_A L*'!R4^1Z6%C2NJ!NNTG%F\%

M.@/H MC'/&1*%)4_


M!*(YYCC%T'7

$%     @ 9561
M2E7?OAZR 0  T@

M[MWYG UH7FT+X
B[DMKFM'6NVS-FRQ84MS?8@?9_:C2*.^^:AMG. *\B2$F6

M@?OC#(\@92#R
MXF3CJ7#



$%     @ 95612H\M3PVS
M 0  T@




(FH9.S
:_!^5+E=!

M0


\!FF?NXI
\R*P9B!UGW_%PQ=M#@K,I0S.(OY#\0ZCEV*[?\C8)1!-.<<Q)UGFS!D


+8O
S+OX4$L#!!0    ( &55D4I(H?NL@$  -(#




M(S+3['L6KCC=4S^;*@3C*.(_+][ZZ+E





M*&JE5EJE:OK
VF


E6A&/R

%)'K8!  #2 P  &0   'AL






M2MC?9Y!F*FA*7QU/?=OYX&!E/H@6OH'_/EPL6FQEJ7L%VO5&$PM-01_2TSD+
M\3'@1P^3VYQ)J.1JS'

MPZ[0X0?MO DV2?(=@FR2)#]0Y^*7$OYJU*MNFI MO&:7*D
J..D[SQK@/[

M+#^(K=^X_ -02P
$%     @ 95612G=$B?VV 0  T@



MGQ)&MSJ34



MOLF_\&G:OPG;R






OX/7/2)64 KL^O[)]C[;Z6
MB[#P@.J7K%R;TP

:C!-G9+2ARZ.
DK[S*P]SR^
MR;_P:=J_]/(SI(+.O^RL?\UH@,O);GQ(]3Z#[88FH7CK?^;*8QFPR'_?R#
MV/*-B[]02P
$%     @ 95612K0R?R2U 0  T@


EBUH8:^P

[W;73 O9T2*+OI
I

M3?MW81K967)&YU\V]K]&=.E[*[\+7^@RV&@MJ%XV=_-M.838;#?OY!;/G&
MQ5]02P
$%     @ 95612D!S
22W 0  T@

FK5JW+:.-]=V3
%0UHX6Y

M5
9JX=&T-7.=!5%&D%:


;G$F
MH9*+
2_!^%IF=!

W*;L&HBFF-,8PQ<QR1S!D'U.P==2G/A_<+X.WZXJW$;X]H/

O

YX;6QM4V%OW 
_2N('U 2[M:UIR12KU.U29MTZK3V

MT\C.DC


M2P
WC*IY$575,=A^_!])XU.P



M%%AD!D5F@&#NB2#
 HL44*28$F2I)X(P 4_

MP@0NGJ0X@U) X5\]! 7NG@0RE4PH6.'+3#$TFP=D8+8^$@HH%KX. +$TH(/3

M* (L4#
)K@($I/C4;@@4LALN! 1D.9O8 (#RD-UP+2 @T7/BZR!0X
^*XFI



$%     @


Q]?@ ^


M&X1]5.
/F.M)
9J+_P47$ [N

Y


21?@FG\?!=-

M%&]02P
$%     @ 95612COX9\&W 0  T@

;O69
N(0-Q?7Y5_Q1KQUJNPL&C

MQV1;(-T42*- ^D^)]^]*W





]MJA44D-G)7;$0)W3I]WAF 9\!+Q*&.W*)J&3
M


M=
HNGN.L?Z5M$_A

$

M

L


Y;9WKCXS9L@4M[!WVT/F;&HT6SINF

]\\M9[

MQXE/ 24UBLP-USA83P0BZ-W[


MM@\S+4Z@
X$NA$/P(9-1R/R9659D6HU(3V??


&PO=V]R:W-H


H
M

14]#[]'3.0GP,^EA

M53AX

7
M%I2BQ?.\RS[NTWR3\06V#^ +@*^ 8\S#YD11^4?A19E;

M5





(4+4?#SJH
MY*7SLVGAG4?08^R;['_X.+^^
U6WG0Z.TMA6]0UUEM* Y1(^V+?1V)$Y&QS.

3X^]B3ZET

MFYBQ5SZ;L(

TF-=G1GU3^JE^Y


M-W;Z2JVAR'6L^^_T2 L%UYFH&&M6//OK ]LM*JJ%1*\M$\\\H\3\V;Y$R#



\NG(3

MAP\!'PB4#$@






0#\

MR[&[-6M9CM(\\M.D7IK40^.$KM(U31:1W(%9JQ!*8N*'R;PPF0?&:5-EJS;O


M965T



O7?^(67!FXK,3DR
M42IW];*STJ+J64PI%7OM[D7M[FWW)([[,!Q ^P Z!!W.4&7R%7^B6F6KJ1H
M/=EM?L/L.R:/U.Q-9A?=5KAGIGAE5B]I1
DJN%BB'K/M
/0*\XX(#/N0@J(4







MM^:DM0V^ET75K

^8-)QJ=AWO[W]D_Z
GWY)YS1N]


MC)B%$3
P
@?&$!/W
=4P&)!FTD%HY(L%CR6A,624Q*.%@24B4%*9RH+8V2


X 8'N[.(B
MI6I'0WK\6_+N**FO$2L88^9361$O&
/F
]$_'KQ-2L8GZ8 P1IEX%@7)6Z#D

+_E6

M:@6JUB2-O7QY&0*5(5$A
!N1=PKQ.@1&A[%G@PB\P!]X,7RR@%&.80NLZK

S



0=



0'$%C
M7!AGA$WHB5$]


P
MN)\!
_2H
&.GIA22T#4T1C:Q5P!W
R!V9E
9X0:$^!U%P2T(R9RB)./3@E'B




T+GAM;(U4T6Z;



Y%]OY*.2S:@%T\
)9KPK4:CUL
595


MLW@'^-G!J*[F@4UR$.+9+K[4!0JM(6!0::M S7&'3!FA8R-W[,F6CYIB=?S
MB_HGE]UD.5 %.\%^=;5N[1!00T-/3'])
;/


#VP3;3ZL_RV^VFWV]'^C\MCU
M*C@(;3:NVUZ-$!J
9'AG\K7FPED6#!IMI_=F+J=C-RVT&.8;!2_76OD74$L#

M=#
U+GAM;(U689.:



<G4DZAY9=X<


M/KWLHK0H.Q8CI62O[3.OW+-IWY!9%P8'XX ]P'X_P&DR#O :WY5IFS^HEI

P
M]RDPE&*#1^$D#N]3;'

=*




M#YU^.7/!B-*FJ)'L!93#6(4X2A:(T;:+BP+ZSN(LN#HFT'!Q'(@3$B?NV!





M[ @N0






M@S&)S=PB3
)LY@YCP&;N
D9]
M:08X3T ZXSR77C@R3)A(\( 4'I! B(\A+B'<'C?1[B'R(M!.7-Q%GE]8G5]






MNP:

M6Y-O=_JIFM1O19%5_U[IO#S
 A9\7/BQ?=TTW85P/MUGK_I/W?RU?ZK:L_#H




@9JK$%L#.*Q!HDQ
M2
8:I

JH%L^ZSC
M-+MLK5KGW=6^]ON;;;76[=7W.?!T&KYWG@SF:L#P$PQ/A8VYQC!@8Q8^!D1D




&*255((GE?A).;JU3


YFLF
M@%/1]PA(4/7
#%DOAKRU)F]:^;+7*H0UG\? ;2S(F21(;H(WH[LQXPB!4U
M X3L


%])K7M%ZD0G& 2]YD$$+NQ$B^6
MH
6($X3C_J;O;68+ U).**)W)V@I
%JZD0PHL1H90O
$04F![
JIY@Q&H*18@0CE^),1@JD0)A)-5N(*1X@Q&H*1 MO<


M971S+W-H965T




RK

MJ0K.1H_;/VL@^IN(=E@UL]9!TSMSIZH5*GJOXB0I@KL6FC![BT$+3#0C J4^

0O^ENNJQ20&TUM







/P.G











BC%K4J
9C8)RMK[8KB;.5T@Q*#

M2)VP*7VNM6N*L^2$&;)0)8,V&D%;)#!KD;)@NM


2:HL
MPWN5KU'7[[73T:/4S4RU^7P'S1W)QN5^#:Z7?/4/4$L#!!0    ( &55D4KL
M#;AHY $  


M
4
ZOFB&@-7CGK5(8;K?LC(:IH@%/U('KHS$DE)*?:F+(FJI= 2T?BC(1!



.6^J!B4%GQ6






W-L
MQV=6_FF,L9T\%[P4LW#3.OJ&0USUA!U9.H6&E6CD(65)NA/ %5248/+JC@
M $71!!0T+\/%S
UMY6(FSIKG)=O*0)V+@LJ_*\9%/0]A^#'QDI\R;2? 8E;1



O*DDPR_RVAT=' 2

DJ$6Z+UQ!9
G5S]4L!?G

$%     @ 95612@(I[K(4!   Y1(  !D


M&M







Z9LYGKC1K!O-
M#(\WAVM-VGG*!$*L/3^



M
3

BDW1?

U--L\]8








$$LB20-8'X7KR0J_PSU;0NI9@CZ6<_4?N+\9&8V30VZ$;A]DSQRD3O
M=7;8E^ANB1;,R6/(!I/NBQ6##/\J0H(BQ!&D&P*29@@#1*DCF#G$9/D.#'
M,CTHWX*%.<XK)

M:VS.$4%JMJI:J96BK;J]=L(0T!I

!$!@Z



X


HB2*
L1(VX55:7U[

N;#!QCK687!

2*: +/YK
M !X#\!20N.*=
EOJ.Z)(50H^!
+]K)Z8.Q&OL6YF;9RV=_9
5RNU]UJECX\E




=FD%)'/ P


M^E-41MMUGMV]O

R(&!I16(
M%J
;3-I@N JK/SR/@O
H

\*&]#0@)Z^T@4TL' ]8*&UTA:C^BNU
C:&&#BQ

0H9.D)PD %'N.T( @G;%022A#.0
MK:^
 Q.*
(&YR&:0D6$V


M
/69!B:HP&+RL\6
W&#J


M
(:() .L'.#0-Q6L1!$R5A<302H)IP(K,!U0/#IN1&$
MF@;L==IO!^H'W@F(Z%R@VN  #J +PD3N 8(-2

S

U2\Q.R52



M[):6]8%+[^GC7.Z5UP=)UO
W]K)K3]?^-]

RR



M;(U4T8Z;

]<QX=F,V&X1\4@V #IXYZU2.&JW[+<:J;(!3]2!ZZ,Q)+22GVH3RC%4O
M@5:.Q!F.PC#%G+8=*C*7.\HB$Q?-V@Z.,E 7SJG\M0,FAARMT$OBL3TWVB9P
MD?7T#%]!?^N/TD1X5JE:#IUJ11=(J'/T?K4]I!;O -];&-3-/K5G(1XLL&G



M2TSW2YMTS79GICW*9*]%0J(
7ZW0A-F-F.@&$]\C]J\1XV#1^,/!!N+L\_(
MZS-R_/C.9^P7B+TL1




M;[/-/_]A-!S_X4]_+-







_A=#

M-RU-:!/F'
XB(I
MS?5V4V[@ID'W!J+F69DOTP5



M

)OXJXF# _.R=DW-+5JP

 D

 =*S76T9G8#0I//FC64D.@13&NA&NSFDYRY6X.1#C'?T

#48Y%ND+.XPS-:
M@_16F<4]^8YW)%Y< '!KO=YOGA
EPU:J(V]H:G?*?0+[RREG87!F7LMS(GB
%GD:+_YU6VY:-V&_MZW[IL(RP:V!G39E^WKP\=L
M(]/M+=O&=FA:-OJ*FN:G?-ND?(?V:YNWY1P;6K0]Y]AHO^-2HY(%=4Z/.QYM





MT-(M;=.FM;2/#U'02?.31:)#0



9KT#9O5=D_8FQ;$
V/0.U<=[\EE<6C



V\NKLZMS^M?Y

F\@]JZV'Q)'M(Y:VJ3NSN03.$@F!SZ]S4R
ML+_[I(C@O9C3HT[$A$40IC\1;HWER%L]-T#)6[A[=)Z/Z0:N@5D E@()G6-K

(NL+LQY78.#'%YMUW&2*KMMPBZ8B#
8@NFF+TN$ MY'.*@'.LAXN51,\+6OKJ.

H@7CE/ Q1<J[0YW J^R2M1'NV7JYA+2ZY#9*\<K0%RJ
ML9PZ89Q;'.A%^ 
MT;/IG_ ]E=WIQ'Q7\=/#_'C;P![1$B$)$#?75^]\0@7




7S;2E
MWN=Y:@$?VN1N.5B?G9QZ#4/UJ91U'1(CX Y[3J+?0$*^<N!\@=WF.

-((G







M

6\$1NR*/T^OS:O



(PE7PGK&BTN










-1%D2:-JV8.4G^13=
Q\2



C<1^8_0GWFYUD1/WR$H8UG['UJF@HA1!YP+T

M$%KDM\BA 
RLXU15_:]0S^Y5_H37D#9

S


S49<&#CQ\SF3
M



EV3PPRW^
MVS:V9!) ND7 I_3BHMQ'[!L]HREA!BX&591(27%;W(6(*K*0&R9.I$L6;:;H

].%5&XZ/

MZO--)!'!1_[/K'


3?

ME *\*JT!2@-8)/$*P


M





M9K

^]1)9Y9'E=J8XXYK&'3!W;
U1086N$Z99PT4F$V#5'B'B6\94U
M@



V%K@



M@#T@T/

*Q

N86S3NH8L4[_4$F

M









MK*O%BBW3_$T=!%N

M#&Z*C]@=S9

4(
MI63)8KKJV(N=X& U$@3FR\KXLWK/H1

I-A



6CTV'J+Z7
M@F


M2F^YU6 NP[61(BXR08(,I?PY.0CE'M*C9XF83!E 4:&Y[AZY50G6!07D(B





M5ZCE0PK'7\P?GD0@LU
X Y%_)\F) L40(=WF!? ]%Z:OVQSRF!9*0T)]M






KK










K%2:XD-J7*I43!J*  749E2J?M

NRGF^%AQWIQ6


M_[C%

K( %
M

M]5:Z WJL



I*-T6-BR*++MOUJ/1QIUAKA3@
M


M]E+!(%_UA48M8C3

H)YR5#-&FP@WE68Z8



M^MW%X6@U!';5ZTBS6\=R==%K=2_DP




FT
#&_V'Q)F
.3[.
M3QO/8*)




0ED'0
M$53-:XK?ZLK)!Q?^0\%3S*B2)@
M O&
= @W@% W-( GKNLC
#JX3(YLOJ



MHE$+1*S78M'
\52_

6/@#






MF@JY+KB;M'2




MXK]WV=MU$FGI]?X=Z#+IS@+(8H^;[VF5VSN3OK8X[[=/[Z@@YTL;CKKZ*#A*

_S4I*Z^5MF) 4MP(8:+(
MG+;4W-Y22L*Z4 L@)5H/U3EB;;U4U$&9M?+

4G9RW.WTNLX#[L5S5C38NU__





*U!RE-
-VXTKMO]8L6H8T0EN)J%7$B

/(YOJ2V_4


MBA5TKF3LAM76.=


M$3!I





M[^70M0LNHW8'7:Z3[3#68"B:(X/AO35=$Z?+= --VTT=V2W0K=).B6:I%






NJF +





!$6<#K!TT
M5K70

FD@0)G@S&
]N<XVZ+X)K_.M'8*#6&+IMK<F)+O$[&@T

DX3LE22_2E5

MS1IVQ:*(8W99J
?Y$A/
MGS)*?5:LPY=;KUDR-'ES[UL514II 2YQ=@WS3Q+5P@D+O;F)\AV09SX-68




=+JC6X=9@

M3_2OAL3\F@J4PQ ?.






MB;@(

)&


MT[J2JPBKTK*AI!^-QOVH.Y#L$



ME-.'4U:3KHM8%YH\\98K+WGR=9-D6NP82YFHPQ$G*2(_=/;PT2(F-0^?FHZ@
M

9
S58KO.-X
)3;4R$6;[X)@
=M20)(FEHA%A



YA&P^[
M# =1KS




OCD55Z[


$-&;P

'O4H





M!B*+HE65/E\)]Q%MRUOD8RF.(&1WS0Q^AL]I*J'(8MZ9#,\2=P@O?/)V(S




@Z!







MTOA

MJP13LG.8OE74[E[5P86S23S\IM?E)4G5QILS*).A
A/^LME[0:=T1-82$6

DF4BALFVF;A.0]3.G&$PF$[QB5]XZ?SW[;FC@DK.2U
M(E:+HD&0(R-GFI=\0 Q(NL3Q_.&59YGQ?K2)C BF\K
(B8DJ8 BH7DGAG
M*


P4
MSB[GWTF_2.*[!*17TWMI_K+-D7A)(?23;::6EQ=
]DA*D;OD; I(] #A2#
7


)&T#=

#YQ0PX5R!Z*;$[
RSA5;KUG#ER,8F4RE5BB0BSI3%TV;*XH99N-;+%[SEY(O99
MR-7;P'=\Y7%.5(%!RT*QD?_Y I?$52MX9BHL7QO+=UQ0D5MX+A5Y;Q(UPJ
M1Q)3#QY&:ZDQ1@OZ5)SAQ4DB%
LU-^\HF5!;BNM0&TE&W995&?UW-*LAX3?9

M

8HD9_!9X#U.%TVF[)Z+370WAB4B<O=J5Q2V#@


#]-+I2M[MTF$/<D/^L+QDLD+QG?@/6RS3AN RGS749!^2R)7BN#&*
M%X=KZ&S$C PPU1*K*_E:DS4ZN&S$:-Q@JEE=ICO(N=1D-0&^5^LC0.&I[V1




MQ[E]5 V]UFQ+


M?S2+!K

MTAN8TKH/G7K#'J:4'D/WP:PA\&.*4@V..(0B^ E2GWLL5WYR5:M(KH8@NFRM
MCA7''! D
*CIT*M
0?&EE)G:)5%OZ8]S1]0$&Y WRJ=)J!AS_OU*[1 4
J@FFM6JJ5=-./!<*U436M=(51-
0^38$1EA
_A.9JYS;
M74WL%J\R:./G$

MR$V'6H1-CF!BW1BECK
Y^N@AE;:1]1^RF8R;:0@9EPWK?7B\Z)815;_^#Z%
MJ9.E^=F5Y/I4H.)61S/_;@Z:Y9!6DN^M0VJ8&O]KCA=DW!+M^60;X^+SM




_ZO

K;8[F[N%.8.







;+7==G&M+I
M#4



M+ +$@!^2Z.B?_BG\S&3[OL+SQ9^;+XT\0RV]]2%JZ?W








KB'+L]

ML

MWKX&^Q64D_NCT*]G575LH)+0 72F9]YSS4?R=/V&*=J.T7OGQ0RCCF2-QZ38



MJC'DUUF#\@@))\=-Y0_^W1P'

MF[G#0F;9O^TIF9MQ\80,!&OWUSNTNVZK5 .PF@':1H&?MX%OIUYWK:%]0+
H^]L[7A(<@Y
X]FCQK10=AW4&]V[M_\XI^^3TK:N_
 3Z'?3T
R0=!
F+KBBY/$5






;0:
W=NM_:G8X^X*Y/O8)0DQLBH&



M   ( &55D4J-E=3XL0

M%$#_BI67=0\;) []4JG44:0A52LJ:.\F
6 UL:GMT':_?DXHZF6UKO9RRQ
D
ML9TCV[GGVKYZ-O9Q8
MW

M=(J5!,A&-T4A6E
 *0YPCD.2WDU(;:-@3&+D8^
M-6K35@!L%PC;!2W;+^



E-L9-$0;/J;?8R\9;H4//




M$AIY'VY[8*+AQQ0-AZ+AF&CX

+CFYV?:IHWN!@
M'.*8:3BQ::)T;Y??.J TI

M(JOY^
S$U
.)U1/+@6*


4XB)


M%9IWX7XAJF)J6?NSV\?/!^TVW+*IJE&X=Z_OC.A.M=LV]@?RUW\!4$L#!!0




M\K&A(27GO*N'9GK_''=EWC9UJK9MFASVNSHMBBKG]BZ$M*SBODQ731OK_LZZ






$%     @ 95612F*/C;7$ 0
M_QT  !

ML&F[;9':'W3@40DL64;G]?)TE(BI1 =+=$))Q9FZ=3:
/C:6?&]=5XT?
M)T4(]I$QGQ54:Y\:2TVLS(RK=8BG;LZLSA9Z3DP
!D.6F290$_JA[9%
1L\T








6^_FL^]]W\@U02P$% ,4     !E59%*
M'R// \     3 @  P              @ $     7W)E;',O+G)E;'-02P$
M% 
4     !E59%*9O,+8((   Q    $               @ 'I    9&]C

O87!P+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( &55D4K&B-!J[@   L   1


M+W-H965T

M% 




  !D

M59%*CRU/#;

&UL4$L! A0#
M%     @ 95612LDB@D:V 0  T0,  !D              ( !UL  'AL+W=O


RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !E59%*K
%)'K8!  #2



MB?VV 0  T@



M    @ &'

M &55D4JT

M971S+W-H965T

22W 0  T@
  !D




C$N

M


BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !E59%*

M:&5E=#(S+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( &55D4IW)(_9LP$  -(#   9


M:&5E='




M+W-H965T





M=#
U+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( &55D4KL$104 0(  (T%   9








YX
M;6Q02P$% 
4     !E59%*[@2EEE\  #P!P  &0              @ &K

M#;AHY $  







M A0#%     @ 95612O7@&C
. @  *P8  !D              ( !37X  'AL





O



M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( &55D4J-E=3XL0




I6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=+GAM;%!+!08     .@ Z 
@/  !_Z      !
end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  










begin 644 0001213900-17-003840-xbrl.zip


:BI6_$^^TO

F*W%(3R@



MV$[R4O:%YGM^


^+!\7OV%'P/GH:LO?PT $\
MQ0+'RKT[^\7QEPBG42'&QSA4?9QRX^]*'C*/Q\RZ_#.OW\O;A(G'%2, ^%







M/K%N= M&CF!Z
&3!$.JZ[
*/V.V#OW^\OV&)G_!_$8+%RIN$YDWP/M]_1AE&



M&/J6 ^P6GGM6N0EL
^?#R!2$'3QA(KM+W-0:4&MWJVNW4)@OIB7S'+%N+;D(
M1ZCUOO\

[Y^8
MM4M8K1B+8K5Z4-N8K[T(?SN!UQ&U/X*D]=ITBR!I$1_ L?G4-Q_V-2HB-[LM



KYG%G'L3;&FA6[Z:__8#OL99(.)1Q*]+C^W&




]TBJ5=S

?=!+.[+/FSJ9
MK!;-S4HQR/(

MR_/1Z3W8 5=Q%_!VS6!2

MF4159U;
LS3SJ'+.^\TNH_6_=RSI?:18UY:*I
^QJE27U-TMU/6\S7[+Q
5J
MH[+-AA^[0WFU[WAY-%?;,4+:E?P,JA_%?@P5O1TY0( 1YZ-!N2-_@I
4)O

[A$3TE'?EZ*[-D
RF9FR@?8GHP].2O:;R'%)X77%(23FD
M=5!MK9]#QMJ4*1;9'189.:YN+MK_:XRK-M#JLHIJ\KIBH)4XW+G4WT^9PA
M=Q2+E)E%UB)WLERUYKZ#'=F8:D29%5YW(M@6],X]V[EW[-AT=YU_B=4&FG2
8&9(&$S 2Y6Y!Q1B6G#-<LXZI&L8Q;
ME7%W6/#MI





MGD%4-Z&M=A/:6SY2W804UTSE&E6D6['**JRBJGHK)IG))*H

M[)*[K@J-/TNA\?UA(%5Q=







\







D/)WA\^/B+5:_7K4:C8=W^W_ZOOWW^_/GG
ML]]_-\Y__Z5EM.OGY\;9+\V6\?-OG=;G7YJ_=1H?ZF( #DF,0^-B^7;SZ?6O
MXN* F6$<L%^=T*]7C=8'N<AE[?D;WR_X&LAT7[L@P+A='/!+P(

BGSWP89R:<



1NQ=N::

W3H.N[:QKQZ
OI#1\Q]_71.5Z10EHO
MLE
S-S_EW%BC@*34.(
KX1I!R0
Q

A'7F^F94(38:E2^_QX3&(T\& 777VNH

#)Z'BDAY LOKS@_6I3MN  CXJI:@0\.










M7*N1![88E/7!N[(]6
]MZQ8 ^
9TS6[V*VW:N/ CLQ)DA7Q&NMWF[5%@%5

JZ
MH%W9P]7*N;CF@#9C%F66/;D;MHCFB5;E!)@V
^F:_M=)45J1P
MO9;S.VP1K+5CN-)LU(S94\%AMVD/-5O5K

K6 R#;)0!R$\A?;EZ9PPC<%+AF&&(NB;U5\[8]44;/


M=LG+ K$RCO*!9Z










LC^O K\W(59HK?BJ=QK-=L:;G1E\DS!M



0GG4 O)Z*#QS@










\:S$+QD7N
M1) 2\#/7-I;;.@EUBX^]:@)6UC$]

X6^7X1]8PGG@!Y'S



QO-6;3 

M+0CZ;$I=F4];6@*M=J=CS



N +@!_/

)$2
;7

 XML0]AUCK -H%H25 5S5FNV,]VF=#!\O08ZWMN#M
MJC5SYY3IVO M/K)]620R*KY%+-;/R/706!<^![R:KJ9\NQM2?%)6Z=-0KE6
M@T

M?GG=@\]\T(S*







O/0
M.^W!#&&*EBRO;H
^M!E_TS4?0LWOT=\4R(T_/H&F?C #^-O3?H\]IAEM70.%
M53O4CMPA*$@!&GTX!+


#^[@LV9Z
M1*5K


M8



&3%.
C@)


&HR:6]/CD8V
M!ODG0'_ 





?[A!W33 0
M?0FW

0#S:
6).FSD]#(=P0#W&$ 2_.YH:80N^T\\FC?Z/HA3.DH

WV5]T^U)MJCKE5I-;S=K

N/Q*7
-'C@#VU*[.:@34X[2Z@'9
M%&PPQW:?4B;+2HH9L.!T 1!L60'YH/'/\U=*\,L)488KV^Z.LBZL'P)5S#

M(;I?+;
-3O=SPA?7U(O]=G)[2DI/[.(R20@@;$W4V*)59IQ7-\B*2142 5
M=@ /



ML

M5-YMFIRJ9)T;Q8=+H_*9BZBO07K\E=GC& 7'6I.DX0W)+.U(2TK3B/T6&-J9




EL6$1C8_!!
M,K?#K$0#@&(\I'GH@QF002P%U+FN_X1.MQ8ZIHV1;:'&))%L4X<WJR%%8J
M0JP

)96SL



N*!S$ESU/8LN508
2;

H&R4-JMF_!Z-*J'E*WG+1/X)G



MR\


V3H-@H@S#52






MIZ(]HDR

 )^:VV]7JFM<\!GFTJ]IAO&E)6R;1:9)L*8?F7'U ]2:IO&):)

M'13K4$?S 5&M5W2CM8@0*:39TE:#(LU$((Q66V\;]0V3)KO:W]-A1_)3'4R5
M^6!*44?E:J\O5_L*$UX=6SM]'&+/E]&(&H5
E:Z]$9R=B01)V8&&F_G49F
M



M7[U
[X$ZVJ;E0JF!SIA%C<=8 9)_&0MYW!*@GB:7JXV4(_*FEM[NMB$;7

M 2:CV'$@Z\Q.1Z'+3-ZQ-?EFIJ.BF!)/#DW@Y957L
0=]F6'.Q)Z

MV;))%Y\T5!BS?3BFWU1%0HVIA7XOHAZWXDOSV6R\:2/U[YZ
?I[&_4=69#
M



MYO#//UC?L=P7M98.MUJNTT%F:O=FO*R[)U
$+!




L)M!Z(
M


MC@.=)!MPYX'

5/H'?$'6FH

M%%.9Z91:?/?
BS%]S?+O/!(X.VSQO03*J7558NK(Y41Q!;*O7&BZ^#*/.Z!E


R*@(T#!R+ANTYC\Q.# 
P
M 7@#7]#EPG 563P![\+7==$&





V#7-9OUF(@IS;1%X5D87M[Q
7)X(V




MS#/)UL2W I[[Y&D
&M%N51?O,R-0& X-H9F

MJ


MJWWLTS_G6
D0^]'WWQWF)P(OAQ88XS'ZR8!62!UX Z5P$/!+G01C]44);<1





^P5


M1[&D@H$H'^CC]J$P?BYSALRS^KK

N-0ENMQ MYK%-U1
=?8^2V
V/O)TH?H
M@ TSM8&*]LJXRVA7*WK6Q9X145_3W23_ZJ=D
Y7UL-NLA]45
F/IZ/R&23MA

.H'V2*I6?ID-W)RTCO
.&HI*CW.P-X0N6


T4?;2B^2#LXPDH2S@'KGR048D$HLG+8M\(=X-
MCGK7\0
21A789)





W7^2)8U/^W\*Q:GR:E5)3WL)%GI
M=#Q@&.09L3L_ //R Q=K7/R0=6I:_8^9LM:9B[*L!QFN\K(($64R79-$T7#H



8P@4(
MQR*I1BB#K!CE[C6AP+0!L##

MBTU.OJ01IQ3=(B)^

MS#9L
\5V2D2\$%KQ554=%1&T#


2
?B(5#?-\;TP 87@=
M'^2C-!SD7@XVE?GATKIUJ8TBPQ_'+2]N0(IO)J^O43[^&2S_8=I?!0JE(0
?ECU4'NG)R8<AG(T-%Q9E<6KZ6BP$\Y)-Q
M\T7^B4R1.Z)W'#\ W /+1L $RP$4/.'VB3P^.8E*P\*WC:6_BLD%6YU]\)

8_;!4/&=7(U6+L


W\)A
^GM6F6^Y0(+.D2
MQ9)7QUY)VO#)*O=#/V+2QT0CHR_.9EW:R?+,G]VR25[(TE2L\S4R9Y5]7G*

?DOX.4CD0QFTO)*4IQ3R_\N3TRZ]EGD\^[H
G(@S[#+=4#7O5D:#[Q<*X'JG.0](YF@Z'K/S%&;0<PQ%@6Q+EQX$Z2
M?J^=8UH^R05N6_OD 44Q(;R8$Y\G@]H71\^])SWIDL#]@? :3(=JK?#&!W-G





5IG'#HAZ:K
MIW5D\!#*3&O)FN[



L\Z
MDS






MU24E

.M*OKRZO3




4O9W=A%FX
M9P@28O /RJEV7=@ C=Z3C$%#CMP3* S!FK4103[BQ_OE=95 0QMS0U/:680T













M)
\#C 4A%EO$-WDA1HV7EHV'
 HO _M!
]\14/R^*#4\P!*0@%WT(





MGTA5J_,U!E7;YKIAGZQ*@)%1'H(JQ6L'

M4^6B!F[4

F
#(3E3^K$H9G9F2*+67GP=<


DUM$T.[OADE0XOH990.KS
U#F'U6SS:K5BMQ/*
M935)O0]-1_0BI!&'#N
B(*U

MU!/5*T4*V('YX
&.+Q5J4I]G=@FI_3\V7JM9(ZE.-2&Q779@Y\J:3Q.X2LZ4

M-


W5 8EQ:D4]UYPMD!FQ!T7V.

ML:5++29/L






^V_1-]#
ST-5%[JXTS'*8 @V#P+4C$5.(=MOXZ1[8



Y&7
MAG%7&S O%E/'@NK:

Y7\EK*!CGG9*9M]9Q[D0%_
MC(^,(88V^-QYZKC67XP%'FDFAE'?3]P_I8CR0\ 9].T'BXV0C@;P[AMZ$-

ZG;S]M$)
M#Z]7-NT.T4S9M+M#L+APD8U8RP=:WHA--#IJ_U2)SZ7%L_DR
AJZP+1!LZO8

*

M1$(NMEN*AB1XM$T+ML8W#

'Z G8VP)X]XY%

MRM

'


TK QZ]-FJ=.
MD/!AN\PR!^P5]S9AYOJ(Q(0YZ9K_0
?'6:=AL1TU)S(H02WCIJSJ&0I*G6%A



G\F?3.7$(94
(?'#@@%_/8R[_P:1)C4AUB$ARSO4




MGX*^=TL'O!#1H@1_F:F#:W%
.J8E'8;B?#TC\:EZ5%)4=



M3\T -YKA%0N(%#L3'*S$U'QQP&WM0#L]NKXXO_A\HUV=7FLWOQU=SVY4\NS$



$

]PYX#
#(@]Z 

!('Y+GQ*@BWU+D:SPK1D7_@OD6]:PV*R/@C_1961SL?PFC1YMD



B]$]




M\Y\YOCKTW]:A_TKGP-LXV5WFW'W%D_1=P


=\[U8VF


M(QK#F+Z_%2W%X=R45V@YNF\

CY5TLLW=1

M



Y

M0;B





M\ZB[1[X

MYHWG9'=8P)$73556A8MW1'


B0AYM\

MW:(UJ&G]%8




 Y@WL(5Q#O

&*+



MK&72#+U5:^@-8TH?BCTOE6;HG495KU6F)+'N2KFTB9R;L^6O$RM^B46^J22R
MJM'6.]/TT XEQ*TQK?L9FE-/XJ$3/\ PR$B52MO!
.(L[FB#/#SEL+<3:ALDMKZJA2!F6R_^FASP&&'UP%?L\I


J[\*62+.X

M0YF.VQ3/*&_#&B
5]

M 1L]E

QGQ^A%?*



M4)WL7-Q4I\9%/C.U82'7T+




A2/L)M+4_E




MDDL7DW*#E(ENR@VBWE=(/4]69K2KD#Y0517I!)85*5HCH9KY071'E!E!?D
4?K
M\!R83UH7MNEQ]]_
BC1TN+ [^/PP\


RVP4@&-=(C/'M'$
M9;P


R!V;[HQ'<S*/.ZO)FS$

UMYC7?!ZBQ_UFJ94E.70-!H2E;D

6@+
MMDM85]GW $A?U$QACU;?].XHGO_8?.J;#S_$XQ1;%3+Y
JG
$('Y_]O[TN:V

:=+@Z%L65T?VK:!SIBWF I




UL$JIT@M9[K9\!OD^
 V

R$P9D$C+-47E%AP3(/?\

G*


MTC9R\(
C= Z/8%K@52_(X'::Y;


KS Q1+(5]1)

$$R^+ /Y]@5=R:#I)T?[Z*AG$=/^-*

6(U%3#
Y


  '#:WA.-4O$*.2CQ^#H4G=
@ .UFU





7[GR[9M9B^9=TLHD6







MB_@ I2




-

MC=D.

MW*'HPQU2$.HIMBI/T^
Y!HM.9Q34.L1*1;&R %\QT1=QXG!0.Z8LG'BVXMTR

1P:7[WTTMC4R-
M8'$O+0.X4_N@OL_

@SK8/-J5YI3NL;32/VLL_NF/^0JA//8PX-
MY42IMC=KO1TO(A\$!Q:)0M5PQ._Q]S/9CIWZSF))/


M6B;MKFH


4%7$28ARB

%O.1PC
MI


M







5]5+8.74P=168#V=Q

;

M5!QARA$6 2MI9#%8[U#H!Y$9@+*D
&S$*1.'L4^+#\M%J@;L'KTQ*H$2G^W&


@



]I[AL!^3PFFDQI9C
?AAECX)Y+UJZ#SG!

#&X*'-K0KWKTO!@CAG7$?;![



MMX4)%IH

80J4F)
MR;;0)=


\RWPE
!-
*!4PTN5*3
M@%='XD/QE?(E2$0*0R8%$J$:QELKEE54Y_A\R:N'0(.J^+-A,
FQX[
\
M82@DG2V5R

8%ZSB=4/


N!!2H




D CL'5_PHHA





A\

1+#YS)
)

%+4Z+D=J(U(.(%+*[=0ZP5+C5=K(L@/*


IUYT6.+0_[&%45##U*H*-$/#JVIK0U+N+C:8[)'LU4

4H




MG8/B+0G
G\6]-[F0#?MQ9A($^A12.9(Z;%(%9X2&<OE)L*U.81< /S#^85?JFM/R\
M(<SY+05UB2^)0U!84?-/1N[LZ?)^/D#R@P8$P[3[UN3!QE3EWPB;6.0E=]F





VUL)B7$ !4LUN;W=HP]6:9;
_4C7?*CT7[? E33!EA
M$
WP+%=P.K@5.N0CH5P2X8M!KAR[)]+7
@X2F:V4[?'36._-


\3X:7



[-@%O*9^QD (M(H574!#8_FV70J%7/8Z+%

RK)



\
MFZ-KO\F:%L=INC1+IA%US427BSHJR
*# '

M

4V ?%#=#A$PTCE.@3425M9CZ(X-$[JD DG)7HRIW.'.^!4:
'
SL^@V9!L)W+2*=J=T4P,+N\3S.,EV1=D,]2O%!E#@
M+F:@XH 8E4$@Q*9-%+!1Y&!_\1@U[E+6B



HP9VPU*MYV4).A;$Z=QY%6C


MK92Q![=/
W R9B0JQ!+D20RYE.8 4Q'$N,P_U64L04(1
MAY5(XE/E+%'&*)TVUMGBDD_9TD!\E*UY!!#8LA8P'N7=TLB^B6V8,OD#BNU%
MPU!6%?J_ -'_VQS9TVP!)9P'7!]RI'' N5ZXE8A@1O
26TY ;$ EO%DE80V
ME?FE-]14ECZDE7H3

'GNCJ


M8*7S]^+II$_.W9






M-.\2(1\LX+

MC3L3U8:H757O]H]^;1A=M=_5:[(V*O*
[#E MUE3&VW:X+1?567QT8Q\\U

M3I/4:JF==KE=MYM).JP8^ Q:P3MT^C!?.O*](6#
0K9DJS\24WVM=]6.5I6K

JG?94X.&RLHK0/JSL:9?R

YZ

M(OEKX;QEW3.3[#G+M8^G.^'#M6.ZX9EK?_HKXC
\HH'?EVYHNF.L:7M&I0B;

M


M=AG^^IU-N.4\G]USHAQ*H*TR:#8R3M:R;O9LRNPL)/6QHD\7C)FJ1DLRJ4E\
MX*[

VUJ6A/N
MXB^JWEQJM
T/WMW _=+=)OBNO2SXKM?IJ6VC/!!H#0@JX-'9 /?.5K@O3&06

M)V(%MWHD.O=;NMIKETO38UDOY;'







L%4:VH0




T-+XN^

M)$^YYT5;[:U1Z:'^'2^^

M]*XE75*.R*S*L-9+-\^&!93+,?D4\5G%N.WI/(U_II=0E.A(T;C3WN\]-X
MTHZ


M&/['97TK'FGC[*S[W^

M-0;^HP3


M$RO3Q


H]N?UYW.?W3%?M!#\8CJA

L]/
FT5'VKW-#CR $ZDNDP.FU5-_:2DM6X 1JS[N!N@)#YH)8K3%19?KIT

U [



O%JK[_0
=@6)O0'8$Z0V2FZS1AI7P):N@([64GM;A]X?


ML6WRDIN

MY+





M%Q6\+]3AK-&

M;N_[L5'G]@!#5^UUZZ[
+Z=UU8YQL&9V!U;E0KAP&001
MLS]&/@!]#=J-9]],3)\%7]D=W0H*U;4/H&QX4]38SF8^:F;MG,:FM8NN\Q A
MOW0!+6Y'IB,TM@EGHT_WS(I?@NW1]QBOE#;_CP;^XPA4O0DP74=^=8$T$IN

2[!MSS)#9UZ8?


C4EQ


TJPP?%5&Z]



]K#MW
M/+_P=D5E[: T!BB'L












3(D+0)B


MR4 !W=J.
&4 /@@78# 31KSSEEW',1H$*






MR^8DP%XZ2!,J]]J9STK\:?W
Z?7SP_'
-V^.R9;G#E?F.F\XE62V;:4'V]

M#H+%#SWW&C6@=7#IUA7VNU!OR#5AW7U(^0.S ?\:?7P*.C#U;@4?K=WWSO
M


M:/G6&QB#P7%C^\6T)MQE_D/V_AJH]PR];QSYADYUD/C 9C41EOBY=H#8MKKV
MH-/7'VW_[?VPL*9L=D=X'PN;W8MK?KE58U!$UC%CNS&;[?3:C\9F=X3[)FQV


 ^M-HQR<EO6R-4I2;0NO'VK[(-V^



J328-$
OL(XGFZ\
M4\PW%/\M[L
W
7IPZ@6AXC




MM)0)SCON.
H0_XK?Q96

M*MGI+W&'[!'I1^0=RX]N\OL]H.M@LT/Q#=9!896KMG5^D#+(&VH96:B/4B
M1E4NNB)UN9W/@JF(=S:F)#

]-$6XJ0<9LV0%V

M?A2SL
0E990TV2R\7CBC'[G/K- K5!?^G)%4

N 6/?N1.M)\JJJ5+YB0?7[TLMTB494=+4.BU=X(=AA
MWA2K;G[#T#$+]%[*$4\N?[J?










M?=QNG\MJ.



M+%-=U&(@UYGI@!39.8/;Z4)I:8
-%THQ-ZPC9398+H9N&
9CT:6.ZZ3;Z[8W




C3H5=



M50YMN!3OLEY#NS74K^+FLX.&=FN9/2M;]QX1]79R7+@R[:P^!#G

3Z
M$.10!XQ/20$XMNAD';=XV37A_8T%*\[X^TJU


=B



R4('QSVZ\L1#/E.T;59^-;U?R\DO(IRQ07':G^-[4




/$B

M2R-8]DLST2*0^-
#



MQQQGA2J]G%$F_/0S_ROR_


1 N[T%<!
 $F7[T[U%[82!
M)5Q%(8@
UX9=1 ?B07H478MF/05GZ?HISDD%1!*\


M2R%
^Z\O 5_R6[R45WT/K:E)&

O

/_1F4B[V!P-\@^B8XUN0VXG9?+#[:OAVN+LW!'4IGF
J3QF?'^
)






M1TC
3E-VN^;Q6+&Y0_&V?2B4JDCKZE0 1GR**/E#MP)3G6






M%PDGP$NLC',)']AF2BZ93.+&^W=8 -)6JTTFJB7$^D%74*]2L\55/*2[Q@
M7

V/20'='P*K^W
MKW43;6%8S0;9ON[&U2D%SS:V;B-:+
M:&G ZJ&YL;5J1+O
[B;1GEM]EG[MAM7JS0T:^]N(EHO_ICH)OFQG9]:=A-






<!2[_JA#_/FQ_W]%5MSG]Y72K)

M
BU&BPKW-J2CXPQ?


R6:_W



MG(WQF=]K-I&W4&L6DQ\KSWCH(248-4$834ZS-

GJA-#MG$3ZFD)SY*DFJ





'^0)3?HY(;#74+$K,#FEQA?D-BT[OUK$Y5L(-R(\R
:+FB<<3FT;5P3ZCR?(XRF*7



4IEO4A]!

MR'I\1!T+G38MI

  #'S
M%0   &%L97
M
C Q-C$R
S%?8V%L+GAM;.U=W7/;N!%_[TS_!X_N65&4M-=+




MT_9[_[Z\N NF
$-=3'B
2/#

5[.X5.'X]D\DF*GOYLR


U[TC(]B&*^_DUJJ^[;?F;K7[)??Q]P+GH=

\&/ GX2\T$\1(PMA67_A:($



M1$'O/R8*P3-


MJ\ZK\N+[& 0)65DH=.8TOT!R&5!CYN:S-Q[\2JPUP0*CTYZ^'[&3O/

MU:36/!C
JE&LR7AXE9:ZH&1R#VPFG9@.@ATR[XV_(ZV/B::UA)8Q:3EY6V H


(/R-&A#O@@R!(9DGJKLY@C .L








VI(Q!H')9#KPMPL)!JWK*#@A1ML7X0FFX

M2-A+Y[[W;;!%
!^JJH^/^5(+K+0V^=DU50L1VY'?TT('?H1BYJCW%
:4P8KN

:RKK&V7PY:%M9H13U!XEU;+C]W395






RZ%&55+C5ZJ
MB_G

M^RVIZN?75D'OI:'6OYZMI4C:*6?]V:I7N!%*DT$DE#]DY/4HYH9
C:?O'?/I
M55.^S+J9!BZ!-G#+M:GIM ^D)1=(K97U

]LGWXX=;FSP


)K &C3RA]RCD!?;S.44FGOP(


M5
4T&ST@X87H.=J:IN[C1-W2$8P$M7)^[AY*E1A.$9G B)QE1V8'5I;./(



$6/+

MCDKZN-6TV/[LMQ#IVVDGWGLJ:U^.K.J:F[



#$V
3(S


XDG[?B/T/%9[G:K?DZJ













_+&WO=''XY=L9Q;W;LY@V]
M4<GJ.[(3TF2:G;^J[LJC6??QIPD2Q.%E9]


MJ\*'XGSWB\^F.AN









DIO!/[XWD62H=^IWDM#LV14&-O8

MY'GG[K:$I(^8+
_QSQL14C@)'3%7^ @B_!TWN!)&\BB(',2UB)5J&1GUO_
M[X$N#:'8UW0!+J+V( );-#C)_




#UZ-]MB

M.


6XQN?I6[MQU4Q[SA[P
T[.Y5K@)%-Q8+GW



MH&R- T
%L%)&O[H
;C/XY#-#(N8?SBSA^WE(::3CL5+%%2.4_^ZXJ.39)#S
MJL1-+E(+
OX36;
AD)^*C
2 SJ)E18AJQ&Y5($-![COT]:6H9<5




6'C/;RT4PMCL:H0+X[
*W)&


1[L





)^
L-5OM:X)E6PJ;+RN^QW-7M1Z-!KHQ[1ZF4W:2
MS6:&Y1E:A2F*PG_C@ V*:XRHO&*9FF!?,RV5 @&*<9C.Y^R4;KX_-OO<0E2

[L?NBD&)4
MQ&N*F'\XKNXF?[QJ@-:_+2-Q?DDAUK4)+DTAOE%TH%PY# 
3P&L%OCW3
MI@M

U:4$L!Z
Q:'QZ&
MD\+-C8.!6O43P-



MZ1Q)$T
WFCF*0.JL:RGONJ]7?B@JMG*39%D?D9P$+K*,73DB;+!OYQ4- :

M=&4-B X41]90

M+4VD#FXH _)]\TD9B@3I2

\?
M_BL9/4T(2?C)Y0RMV%_2-PUPIMTX]GOU!K2+G






L7L4I)IBF/
CF8C['/K^GN6
6
+[)
-!M6QT
M6%*%]-[8B9?)TE(J%Q'0Q\2L4-,.SY/WJTC;^S$P340TEO(L@/5KY9?!VB

M[X94)6 _@0.
GZ.

S+4A0%K+4\+S
P!X;+S8
8:1F[8=9%K)2O ^

&=ECME^'YPERQ6.*2IP)BA^RC
=_A6FBZLX)_#
M@&G^XM6/LH )\K! !)\R.S$H_7P-Q/O$H8+3D.24Y[BFDLI==&:3[8L+M
M



MQ%(OW@%E0%EBMN$&&'UPFB 2L(6++7




3_X%#\:EF

7 $K6QEE'WS)HY
E\[@USAJ-IM8RVW3VCXRS;7UV^)W
MZ).W/=VZMHBV5O(N#*)'[_8MI7X(4HQO8I]]88A:6XK_T^S5P@'IFC4'%M


V


H'ZIUTS^;_8']]#&YQZLRTV5*SE#LXZC(
M0%4


5YW\BV.RE
MUR&Z=U



J6W\*XTQ1N
J!UZZ/3J+R3%#8?0*C%F-QCFJ*


\
M
M63[1LM'?J7##0LV7;;(LQA'XE:5W))F'*A1JK1SZDK9&8(-]0!/A*O:3



M73$GV^YNGJX9IKDO 
5!L78^X=@/



2<]RR4 Y#4I TRN,:*8
M7F9I1O -4^PR6U:AM_?8Q^$SWPC/,D(*VT-ZE=2]-\=^^([VW)8[BG@5_'C



M#J
2^VA:)HK._6/?11#SO/4RV

MXZB.U+G7P 0)4PS;HOV'8 C%MV 33)IAC2=SGF%?J8
 /3(.-01.#60V$R
MC628R:2!





*4U$MA\YP6]+=!+^7ZHYEF7



M\W]_VD3DF:892^+_^NSM%U]]1FB\2D(6/_[79Q_N+T_^]AGYW__XO_^O_XQ8
M_



M-/J

U[]+I&/U&_
M[Y


X[E[?=OORYTYK^)
M?_G]/%GM-C3.YS%?]CG+7Q;Q.DDW4EW/'[(\#59YQ4AV7;+__9O%5W_[\=N_



M)Z(!*@VC'/Y.U7)

7U$:MZ&DA-(L!25-B

M%:




#5X#=:#5F3=)1239C!2$
MI$:)4$W93*NEWC*R\A/1=9 ]2
2[[.0Q+93K__DD9Y5OV+/+54$]CRGW\7


M(KA;X:11K;P-.XZ3.R&K5;+C_;BE*\K[]!#1:YJ7YLS:%S'R '-)S
A:[FW9

MJ&


M-J4K)JM!H


WV0I
IRG]*%0DK9JAV#+UG!@Y(_0P(_$8

M?P*.KEDL#^(:$G32!=*;[W%PBSR50(RS4?C
[CJ48+UL$


M0M64I:(]*0E*H1(K!F83:S! 44$PO!DMJW'(0&2*&0F*&8GYC)1+X MP@VJ_


M\XH%#RQB.:/9/ YEG1&Q



MU%;3+7VFL;(












1(SDE%QL9;
9^3?OVH-

M$;Z=








T'P_/
M:1);?1.G\1AY-W'=P#TB]\*^='08ZM2+_U2;E./@C.:NL0&K;W]D\UC[&G

F4T'R?DNJW#=+F!NT\=*+MW!QI

MVMIW6VY05MX:;:?


+TV4=CQ
M6KHK#_SCBI][09H@8.[I3U@E!/#&QC9+R=9Y@(^*%_$JV5#IOVQZU)[3LH'V



M3!]%_FCZGH
[



1?YQ\AA3M6P^9<Y$K+F?^2N@ 4
M3_]RYZXH(/P%N-/CO&B5_HX]ET$43/T+[Y(D_,@BZV=-.IA N3)=V)1+K:E'
MJO8(O!LO/,TU]#@6GBYE,0BD(T4A=801)XEX;-V+/P.
X?)]R?YI%3)DGGX

M]J 0GL@YI3P2ID6[^^ 3S=ZS..$^\TN5K)['X3&7XG6;]S1_2O@OS[1T



MOZHS/6/.QC7-R9M(3D4YWJ5S,6'T/E* IDH-
WP_4+1FWS/I=VXY3&U*$F


MOA_W


MM!?:Q*+R3(Y]1?2GSVT@B9]093#!.NWO



?0:DD9
MW4
S!Q0JPM59U#!=AIUV)IB5ZB!_0):E6\Q!)$_J(MFI8Y/2PC5*ZDT^R@

Z\;*-5!SF'K]_TK9XQ

M8E?KC8\E%Q(4;([TQ[CO3KB[%WTA_]H$&TL.LIZN\M$:$+]C=)0HW^'P6LI&
M5\6-X^05L:H7&GB/Q-LA3TD4\@51[(3X%D.U9 KMVMABU[[I(62Y3OF7:NL4


MW(GS9!


I6G96%E(

MAZ$\Q!%$-P$+%_%9L&5Y$/D9[0YFT-:[VO[D8J/1$$)RPF)0E&B_X:T/6Q

[?
6D3A_/
-TU



GENS@

M#K=P:&2I:H' ECGU^R08J^/^A81M^UYU'5D58+7H=]?^;= -O 3M[)R!$.0]
M 0V&CD4(;Z

M
N'F-WOR






*P
&



M!XY/QMV==
^NNXVYB .0)

FIX;_.:+B#_
XG&^2






=L%:O^GS#=TLX!W 1?S


\+E^QU@M_;X:$7+'

MLO_H809[HM2LQZ!;OQU4/:O%(DD8C1BW=+V+0\'=$*28]OQL& )OZUMA


M!85\ICNNO [[./VC1A5/?
&C$KF]X K:*O6


M^:#5#CC:6C C['THVXE-);-2\$N$: X)*.!YR@@B.]Q\/QVV1-+IZ#.!-O

!/]N LBNESS?^%&
'^YX9.5S^/P


M9F94(1PBTSH
]*H&Q31@36DH9&#!/0GW!3YP3(Y%I5VR.(A78]0*
W)&EFPV

M[


DI($YB6*9K\-/K9L EW$RKK#H@#4*!WV



Y%/3A1[#B')MG3%







MYTFV\(6'!%,GFC@+G].=S=B



M#; =]YV2HXT

M!O( ;%[=]9#'U$+^(?FXQ$/$'F4W
[D?%$31T=CP+R#9B.VM(/3;L_ZLIW9N






9'4






?3


MM[5E32=O0Z;E V[2] A;]J!L*LH7%#7;4-N&CJFSLQ(Z)MZ&P?# R@[($)
MDXWLX8J;G-#
;Z\7U^]X^'1Q2^Y^G-_BR=%UII1D^NIP0H]-]+
K*UM]F
MG,9: 8B5M\7LN=V[1[KHNB+LQ8W\X[H&]$IA=Q%LMKIBNSY;O+\C]_/\@


M=/'+_)K[_A].KQ9GY

M\X$V'P:$K21CT93LVV(V%5TS9[?OK6








'7RFKRNZ33*6BU-4




NUJ
1ZQ9YI.

M]OME467)BQ3


M37H

!'@@\A&8Z1MU
C2 M:+LSLWT
UJ^C

M_
4V

4






C :<!R//+!,/
M^(CS8R;@%PF;SUAZ5&Y\X<
68ISX[R'1=J#Z_4K%CRPB(ES.D



MBM/PZ'UQ]HSE+]?2O ?1:1#_\9YN'FC:I:^


HR2@T:2'(X54LD;BSJ&2:C#I+#MJ'
M2?Z$\?A/WV5FN2_E_9G)%=#N(6,A]*792JN4^0O[VG^E(3B!F264RKJWRW7

.




XO*/I
Q


MM=Y7%
U)U9[L=X]6/C 7I7T4+R#*\JFJ@GS^?3E-%L?I.6M^=DJM+-F;9B








R0RL3HY@WRH:E5[?[-[&N:NYY!



M

M;.W\FJ1_+.*;-%EQG\\VVM110\6/6C2&Y2*:BDBO; RR8/J!J1!LBQ;@UL1.





2!+I)NZ)\)83=YQR

VT. MMQ:

M^(_50C1JL YFT#:EVLK !4+49ZQ?\A6(##HA//:STE48AG!?81+@?#:.8T

M(=BE

D^B3]YFAL3)VA;8T39VNZO&DMK4S7':&1ZP%IWP0*W
-V2





/-CL]3CR[!^?\.]XQ+-U
M


T#NV(;(A401@GJ5M7J
F'R])G



MR($8@2LQ
-JP0EM:3I)JP8(G_-W$VRK!;\ERZH5\3K=\'IC2N]*ILV
:**O7



L]A9F0@-B\D+&GU:

$F1

MLUTJ[GC




6$S3EWK9,<]:I96T*&L

NIRY[=)



M.3



MP\J8J)[L5F1;3P]7PD.+J$/*9D2TQE= NVN..LIF:(BGEK3K)*?93? B5.E2

R*)JK_JZW


!9-;GM(5HKK(EM/C8




MR

M
U2(


M2;+


M=6R=ZX WQFX9;/'(U?#]ZS 

MP%&F%K3D4)DG/9[618-]2R*;$M$6L :.V_A:)&]TM A$3%O^QKC[;F $?=S#



M_'8RAPY$7

9(C

_FL0+9*V59UN-5&X6@88;#5.HS*Q7-H+)XOV3='9I:=(*UJD$(]


B9D4Z(R4QJ:C1

M:

&]'K]5[?RX@07K
MZ?VC;9*Q_(H%#Z*\!N^6MV_4R0C.+^K&V/:)) VI$4W@#?FY$.[H[I
\B XY
MSZ @0.1$6 IEAP/1Q04V&+D







J+CYQYO&CQ:K0

[KZXC%Y_C*D3 2(WXH_

M!\%U=88KPSK)C
$Z

B^6';YX#N*
G*94O-5.
S05F?\872M-6Z
A!1%XU=_AD?VE@@9:W]=+DCHW;#I93.Y$I\F*




M


0EO)JE9KHXM5_4WM?




A!=TH)
%


\!6.'WO\JC&IZ28^4A^^
A9Q=0;-YAG&<TS<0ZD.(8=1<E'U6


)Q?X5!MV^1?8?(_NOO1[?I=\0SL/P[V2U'YWG_4@$%=%P(_!#,0(Q
M?13G:%_S&&!USSR44!^?S.5S4+?5]GVZIGGYN-]9%&096[-5T47+'%P/QGO



FCHB:XIKZ@VT6DY#NTQ0')@J


MIN

GE6J=/





MLK
@35]XF/DQ2$/K0RE.+-$8






F6\8?
^0Z%


M3T'%V
.

8X?XCO](X1


;9E-[ .^2)/S((M5+.DHE=F@/

MTTG/C!R:RH

MTAU]+%Y-_

H%[J\F

M; )F?4A(0PRMJYM8]#)5-


:5$BC FG2C10X
M.^(@S1;I$1MN_9\O$;FG(O5T2[


M0X5&OF/1E.K:[3;):$8*5J3D12IFM?(4(U[L=HZQAAH'+G)_!;=^@PBZ
4+S
MXXQ[H2_B^X_)/VF0.N]N^'\'.J?68X2&T0 L)IPGD4P1Q)
CC N7S;^A





 8;$Y09C'[KP





\N5:%+3(I(OD=G6U
13]=UL*'+

MA80WPN73ND-8C ? _SU4)P1)3)$];*I=$1;'I%JD@ZW/^X^)0QDQ!15(\3!5



M


FX5!+T9A'


M\S;((B:;;L
*L
V\V^GB&@7X+;0K%M-%3C?]KTW6.$'GXTH;2[MBO9$$N#1
ME?93Z'=!\LFMQ85[$2FZP/_1)H'+
ZMZCZU5Y@=(Q!M:XFQ*6V23*91CP@1
M/$@U&




MT2R#[JQ6DQ \1W!#4_$/P2-]VV4_[7B@J5!SC*P[
S C!PH4-TQ[(4HEHJT6

B
MVT$6Q?

(
MONI&UBE8%0W8.PUCH$*7S;<40;V&[F(@Q:^ RE?.'__@?^;_$3<'^ __'U!+
M P04     !E59%*STB
PE\Z   H&P0 %0   &%L97
M
C Q-C$R


M
Q2I@*0O^?4OP(O$ZXDI89?\DX-AK$@Z=Q:S2Z_^M_7C?!=\^(Q#@*?_EP
M\L./'[Y#H1?Y.%S]\N'7QZOO?_[PW?_\][__VW\%./SVY

M:.-^C\

_F;R'.3#(*R7=\)2[#_^[XL



M[EQ^V*-$NRY0=]6UBNSV.2'A/Z7D18OEHLM(AE973I54-&!FOJ01-ZW=13X
M=%ZX_.ENM:SR9P*#]3TN1NOKX+HI6\G[^OIV= %6;DA_C

MV:/U&F]UJD*]U[G&/V1T@HOG_77@J;441;2@RRHMA96O:\]LEG9+HB2DO[



M71.389-$TD:-XEUC!X3D7PC1BJW;[!+[

]][:QSL
MV%Z2:-.A!XNV1&HH$:%GOU\^4!FZ#_[E0Y19 =FFY1@DS+.]1'!-]?OUG^A-
MRD*CK#
;




/;YBD*!-U=*^/\-


%;^C(/AG&+V$


M
::2H*



M%OKIV

'I][!;))'%AE7=1QC(-= EJB78G-VE '


MCZ2TI:V^D?/+EW%FP*:KKA1+X$QAQBX0/KB!2TP8;@@X

M'@+OT3


M;/EI#



M9P9LDS)B2P;FL,&X-L!@F6#
)J


.&+JFHB4.
M

EQCY9I0K:G%.QVAJ
@4HB7HPGK77R/#$

 A









MQS0%QQV
4XUM I;E.D@ZMA8DZS4_V__?(9+AUM8 4070
3QM:H(
XQ3.2CR]

\BCDFI+043[M4]\ -X634RO:NM;+Y&
MC@G:CW4%




M&U#?
]7GG-
0K9C5VU8\*38G?7%QN A_)SA!]#BP6-X1')%Y1)ODB29K;5GP

![%B(M/XR$([U(%
*:Q$F):FBYN3CS_Y7&






Q9C(=O-M

WCV%C5;!BQ7

U0$QJP7A/;.UNY/@5=+\RX
]KM\.0=P#RN



V]L*Q42TD&6G0NO@NCEZ+&)*WZ8NS:8N<.VQ\8.GDS=IQ1Z)G
UU)D%J+2;#/?*BT,,!JB%]C.Q-$H?X'+23KTT5.U3_3,-5L7P5AGS=B+-<
M 6@GXD.1+-D4<OL =/H2&$ZNPS@ES(XV#UR\H9V#\+/@B8ZT/+1_\7$X5G9!
M[W%_F!AI9QX]9^9Y5P2;5XQ:*?B(W+*03X%OYH+1-OJX8PX^G. 
@9#_VP3


M2&;]8LNO,CKN@WVCJMBWV=P*IR46B/;#




M#7/8
_H-L\@JI_*LE#

M


M;+8VDO 1JH^D#T.)?'((?3BUM^$$CV^3;K=!UE%N4';4=;B
R9G3
NB5X-




B&-4EKH\85&-N $*.8



UGI3UF

M/

ZH'8J1I
M-5!GT)E5!#W^C'GA#TIST.

(:2P(V:$]]6K)@^?T[C!M8%-(7OK/IV8 ?5B
M(?#\WAWXEJ.Q%9X$-D5OGDO08&,E$@%/]MV!8!D6V/!VXB&E;RN&@-30PH\

F7(X)=- YBW!='WYZN&8.;AKSM*B\N#IGHTG9RF2DJQ1YV+8

?TS-V,D@I )=NC-F]=T4- %MJY$E;L.J1]DV[VERH2VK7D
MP1,S=^%?'UFI$#FL

M8)B9^*\3C;/7L!O


]S!M





E[H[;B+L#
P+_
M
L2QP +<\].9&
M19& 6!&4B3%Z$6U<')IPFDM !QL0\J-)YQX%%*$M\PYBUGOYFTX=\-O7]'F

86T

\&=
M^Y;M *EN+[:(Q1\
5S?(C3M9?'K4#QTV0
R^:M?;$_0$G'T$?9$AKG3%W-UB
MVCEVM
L_B<V
?


4X08F_#Z(K



L-

MZ@:2*ZRN58%'N-1@C+
M[XIT&@^'6!==QW&*_(N4L! 7=$J
_.P%8WR+7K(_
NJNT&W*%D?FD<705G9%=.S]
MWG)8W2/ML41=T'F](

MLE@N7D+V^!]OSY:T=94K
=FL95@56
C00\Q?7;!/(8-=!GD_2CBSMVJ=DPJ#
MA14]U!JG1CN%C':5J?2WB'EXWK-Y5Z8* @FPR*('X%\&T5:&.]B-;]DG9QX]
M$\99:/OR=$BUD9X/XWR+MR#L7W92K*_ ^5\E6F+G V!120^@5!9[Q%8:OF'H
M(!UM3SC

#^U3OS( 
M0?4O][]82N1(&R:^F@9

M-Z7G'*$-E%
4VAU8U

M

ZQ!:$X!V\NW(: O#%&PM.W17.
3Q&OE?HLC7HK0F
I'5HL!.U!VW&NY.+H?<+^
MG-
;HA5[Z@%-
.T1S0
@M

VBYR\VT7
[]]V 1'$
[N13<'^N^L1)=&-DM VJ%[4<K!
P?)[E9(0
Q^FZUA&
M_J@S Z,<@Y52X&^MZ]TOH6@R+ZN_NJ\LU*N2I5HY\-?330[X3+7;/'*N\K\


%+
MV2V2AC38@V5#'@V5H %PS#G4C*YKD_R1P%_JTE;@\U7TVV+YD/4;Z[;V%T7W


M

M5IZ

&VJ0


S2W
/BE

MJX$4I*US&6S
(0J1( ^KTCI4B\'&
;9/


MM@)U6^7M'OEIEER8X!6FC2DV#.);#6YQ9P9D-;/.G@R@K8!BX/NE;$NHL35V
M9L

WS$]]9Z&L=B]7SFQ%C1-N#L;

Z 8N4&%E)UJAM4C?8R]:(*)9NGJO%G-
)

M0JB

U_1.M


98U








8P ?/)Z.V6G6;/D9DNJUN]1;'5
M



CYT'?$S&13-8T]&#+@F_QY/OVR3=
M]^A=
.=KC):7K\A+$_R


0-RAC9Z2+N)T!#\M!NXH!#40H)
KN)LV=O
MA%H1HY#.V G.WKT]J4




??'


MEY6*
?ZH%8.: 


X.




]1


=FXH=('12X(_=JN X]\A5##G
(=:8%.27J]








-HYX,(P\A/[ZB'3F/PH3@IY1NB J/,^G!4;HG([7**C$M;/^



MX=$06TDM6-Q=T;-\W\=Y0PJ57



!I-4


X'=F*!/
F=BNHK=

NQ3



OPE]CV4VMECRH'XF
0/ZTIXUI$IY)E\LE\EA8




MU*X
-A'8NCF 9:];LH(3T
BC71EL8R@X[)V23SBC'N
6B*61Q$EF9W1#/U\]
M5BCT
%A ^TJ+SIHM

47Z4);=!7'.)-NBG]T?;!L=11



XY=;ZXD;'HX8K .X;




M/7P!:$N/LE\%)E8AF'%; %JXSM_.Z9RQWKCDF\*\HQ*%MO2(*=.DF(-G:F27
VANJ.[U.-.(O/#5_5=$YFF<1!MZ&%;LK=N%H9V63'?3? 0C]W6\=3=H



M?QN%:+


Q6 BIKGL7W!M
M*1288YA9#Y3X-?S'^E0,%LK*HF;843E.OPQL&_8;OU(O0EK%'-.H%V;^A/!
M67=X*(?XY#)OIW*+UBCFG(#[


% GU\.-!F9I_'_L1D
M.U

B#

VQOV'@5N@OP[ER1OE3-N?/Y6_8OB0DR_$F@O





MR8T1_9__#U!+ 0(4 Q0    ( &55D4H/D]#Y]:X  #6]  1
M    0    !A;&5S+3(P
38Q
C
Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( &55D4I.TD(U
MQ0X  'VG   1                22O  !A;&5S+3(P,38Q,C,Q+GAS9%!+
M 0(4 Q0    ( &55D4H05V._M@P  ,?,   5                1B^  !A
M;&5S+3(P
38Q
C
Q7V-A;YX;6Q02P$% 

38Q
C
Q7W!R92YX;6Q02P4&
2      8 !@* 0  (4!
end



