

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001262463-14-000099
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		10
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20131231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20140207
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20140207
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ALPINE 3 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001580490
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				463031328
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54995
		FILM NUMBER:		14582670
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		460 BRANNAN STREET SUITE 78064
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94107
		BUSINESS PHONE:		415-713-6957
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		460 BRANNAN STREET SUITE 78064
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94107













U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION

 D.C. 20549




    

    

    


31
 2013


    

    

    

    


______________ to ______________


(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
460 Brannan Street
 Suite 78064
    
    
    

    
San Francisco
 CA
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    





12(b) of the Exchange Act:
None.

12(g) of the Exchange Act:

 $0.0001 par value
per share
(Title of Class)

    
    

Check
whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes&nbsp;
Check
whether the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act.&nbsp;
Check
whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes&nbsp;
Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes&nbsp;

Check
if there is no disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&sect;229.405 of this chapter) contained
herein
 and no disclosure will be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.&nbsp;

filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of &#8220;large accelerated
filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer&#8221; and &#8220;smaller reporting company&#8221; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check
one):


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


if a smaller reporting company.)
Check
whether the issuer is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes&nbsp;

by non-affiliates of the issuer was $0.00 on June 30
 2013.


 2014
 there were 10
000
000
shares of common stock
 par value $.0001
 outstanding.





    
    



Annual Report on Form 10-K are &#8220;forward-looking statements&#8221; (within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995) regarding the plans and objectives of management for future operations. Such statements involve known and unknown
risks
 uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results
 performance or achievements of ALPINE 3 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
to be materially different from any future results
 performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
The forward-looking statements included herein are based on current expectations that involve numerous risks and uncertainties.
The Company&#8217;s plans and objectives are based
 in part
 on assumptions involving the continued expansion of business. Assumptions
relating to the foregoing involve judgments with respect to
 among other things
 future economic
 competitive and market conditions
and future business decisions
 all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond the
control of the Company. Although the Company believes its assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable
any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate and
 therefore
 there can be no assurance the forward-looking statements included
in this Report will prove to be accurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements
included herein
 the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by the Company or any other person
that the objectives and plans of the Company will be achieved.





or the &#8220;Registrant&#8221;) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on June 18
 2013 and has been inactive
since inception. The Company intends to serve as a vehicle to effect an asset acquisition
 merger
 exchange of capital stock or
other business combination with a domestic or foreign business.


we are a &#8220;blank check&#8221; company. The SEC defines those companies as &#8220;any development stage company that is issuing
a penny stock
 within the meaning of Section 3 (a)(51) of the Exchange Act
 and that has no specific business plan or purpose
or has indicated that its business plan is to merge with an unidentified company or companies.&#8221; Many states have enacted
statutes
 rules and regulations limiting the sale of securities of &#8220;blank check&#8221; companies in their respective jurisdictions.
Management does not intend to undertake any efforts to cause a market to develop in our securities
 either debt or equity
 until
we have successfully concluded a business combination. We intend to comply with the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange
Act for so long as we are subject to those requirements.

vehicle to investigate and
 if such investigation warrants
 acquire a target company or business seeking the perceived
advantages of being a publicly held corporation. Our principal business objective for the next 12 months and beyond such time
will be to achieve long-term growth potential through a combination with a business rather than immediate
 short-term
earnings. We will not restrict our potential candidate target companies to any specific business
 industry or geographical
location and
 thus
 may acquire any type of business.


    
    



opportunities has and will be undertaken by or under the supervision of the officers and directors of the Registrant. The Registrant
has considered potential acquisition transactions with several companies
 but as of this date has not entered into any Letter of
Intent or other agreement with any party. The Registrant has unrestricted flexibility in seeking
 analyzing and participating in
potential business opportunities. In its efforts to analyze potential acquisition targets
 the Registrant will consider the following
kinds of factors:

Potential for growth
 indicated by new technology
 anticipated market expansion or new products;

Competitive position as compared to other firms of similar size and experience within the industry segment as well as within the
industry as a whole;

Strength and diversity of management
 either in place or scheduled for recruitment;

Capital requirements and anticipated availability of required funds
 to be provided by the Registrant or from operations
 through
the sale of additional securities
 through joint ventures or similar arrangements or from other sources;

The cost of participation by the Registrant as compared to the perceived tangible and intangible values and potentials;

The extent to which the business opportunity can be advanced;

The accessibility of required management expertise
 personnel
 raw materials
 services
 professional assistance and other required
items; and

Other relevant factors.

no one of which will be controlling
 management will attempt to analyze all factors and circumstances and make a determination
based upon reasonable investigative measures and available data. Potentially available business opportunities may occur in many
different industries
 and at various stages of development
 all of which will make the task of comparative investigation and analysis
of such business opportunities extremely difficult and complex. Due to the Registrant&#8217;s limited capital available for investigation
the Registrant may not discover or adequately evaluate adverse facts about the opportunity to be acquired.


participates in an opportunity will depend upon the nature of the opportunity
 the respective needs and desires of the Registrant
and the promoters of the opportunity
 and the relative negotiating strength of the Registrant and such promoters.

Registrant will acquire its participation in a business opportunity through the issuance of common stock or other securities
of the Registrant. Although the terms of any such transaction cannot be predicted
 it should be noted that in certain
circumstances the criteria for determining whether or not an acquisition is a so-called &#8220;tax free&#8221; reorganization
under Section 368(a)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended (the &#8220;Code&#8221;)
 depends upon whether the
owners of the acquired business own 80% or more of the voting stock of the surviving entity. If a transaction were structured
to take advantage of these provisions rather than other &#8220;tax free&#8221; provisions provided under the Code
 all prior
stockholders would in such circumstances retain 20% or less of the total issued and outstanding shares of the surviving
entity. Under other circumstances
 depending upon the relative negotiating strength of the parties
 prior stockholders may
retain substantially less than 20% of the total issued and outstanding shares of the surviving entity. This could result in
substantial additional dilution to the equity of those who were stockholders of the Registrant prior to such
reorganization.


    
    



Registrant will likely not have control of a majority of the voting shares of the Registrant following a reorganization transaction.
As part of such a transaction
 all or a majority of the Registrant&#8217;s directors may resign and new directors may be appointed
without any vote by stockholders.

the transaction may be accomplished upon the sole determination of management without any vote or approval by stockholders. In
the case of a statutory merger or consolidation directly involving us
 it will likely be necessary to call a stockholders&#8217;
meeting and obtain the approval of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares. The necessity to obtain such stockholder
approval may result in delay and additional expense in the consummation of any proposed transaction and will also give rise to
certain appraisal rights to dissenting stockholders. Most likely
 management will seek to structure any such transaction so as
not to require stockholder approval.

of specific business opportunities and the negotiation
 drafting and execution of relevant agreements
 disclosure documents and
other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial cost for accountants
 attorneys and others.
If a decision is made not to participate in a specific business opportunity
 the costs theretofore incurred in the related investigation
would not be recoverable. Furthermore
 even if an agreement is reached for the participation in a specific business opportunity
the failure to consummate that transaction may result in the loss to the Registrant of the related costs incurred.

Our officers and directors are engaged in outside business activities and anticipate that he will devote to our business only several
hours per week until the acquisition of a successful business opportunity has been consummated. We expect no significant changes
in the number of our employees other than such changes
 if any
 incident to a business combination.



in nature and involves an extremely high degree of risk.
Our Business Is Difficult To Evaluate Because We
Have No Operating History.

history or revenue and only minimal assets
 there is a risk that we will be unable to continue as a going concern and
consummate a business combination. We have had no recent operating history nor any revenues or earnings from operations since
inception. We have no significant assets or financial resources. We will
 in all likelihood
 sustain operating expenses
without corresponding revenues
 at least until the consummation of a business combination. This may result in our incurring a
net operating loss that will increase continuously until we can consummate a business combination with a profitable business
opportunity. We cannot assure you that we can identify a suitable business opportunity and consummate a business
combination.


    
    


There Is Competition For Those Private Companies
Suitable For A Merger Transaction Of The Type Contemplated By Management.

market for a small number of business opportunities which could reduce the likelihood of consummating a successful business combination.
We are and will continue to be an insignificant participant in the business of seeking mergers with
 joint ventures with and acquisitions
of small private and public entities. A large number of established and well-financed entities
 including small public companies
and venture capital firms
 are active in mergers and acquisitions of companies that may be desirable target candidates for us.
Nearly all these entities have significantly greater financial resources
 technical expertise and managerial capabilities than
we do; consequently
 we will be at a competitive disadvantage in identifying possible business opportunities and successfully completing
a business combination. These competitive factors may reduce the likelihood of our identifying and consummating a successful business
combination.
Future Success Is Highly Dependent On The Ability
Of Management To Locate And Attract A Suitable Acquisition.

is highly speculative and there is a consequent risk of loss of your investment. The success of our plan of operation will depend
to a great extent on the operations
 financial condition and management of the identified business opportunity. While management
intends to seek business combination(s) with entities having established operating histories
 we cannot assure you that we will
be successful in locating candidates meeting that criterion. In the event we complete a business combination
 the success of our
operations may be dependent upon management of the successor firm or venture partner firm and numerous other factors beyond our
control.
The Company Has No Existing Agreement For A Business
Combination Or Other Transaction.

 agreement
or understanding with respect to engaging in a merger with
 joint venture with or acquisition of
 a private or public entity. No
assurances can be given that we will successfully identify and evaluate suitable business opportunities or that we will conclude
a business combination. Management has not identified any particular industry or specific business within an industry for evaluation.
We cannot guarantee that we will be able to negotiate a business combination on favorable terms
 and there is consequently a risk
that funds allocated to the purchase of our shares will not be invested in a company with active business operations.
Management Intends To Devote Only A Limited Amount
Of Time To Seeking A Target Company Which May Adversely Impact Our Ability To Identify A Suitable Acquisition Candidate.

management anticipates devoting no more than a few hours per week to our affairs. Our officers have not entered into written employment
agreements with us and are not expected to do so in the foreseeable future. This limited commitment may adversely impact our ability
to identify and consummate a successful business combination.
The Time And Cost Of Preparing A Private Company
To Become A Public Reporting Company May Preclude Us From Entering Into A Merger Or Acquisition With The Most Attractive Private
Companies.

    
    


comply with SEC reporting requirements may delay or preclude acquisition. Sections 13 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act require reporting
companies to provide certain information about significant acquisitions
 including certified financial statements for the company
acquired
 covering one
 two
 or three years
 depending on the relative size of the acquisition. The time and additional costs that
may be incurred by some target entities to prepare these statements may significantly delay or essentially preclude consummation
of an acquisition. Otherwise suitable acquisition prospects that do not have or are unable to obtain the required audited statements
may be inappropriate for acquisition so long as the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act are applicable.
The Company May Be Subject To Further Government
Regulation Which Would Adversely Affect Our Operations.

the reporting requirements under the Exchange Act
 management believes we will not be subject to regulation under the Investment
Company Act of 1940
 as amended (the &#8220;Investment Company Act&#8221;)
 since we will not be engaged in the business of investing
or trading in securities. If we engage in business combinations which result in our holding passive investment interests in a number
of entities
 we could be subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act. If so
 we would be required to register as an
investment company and could be expected to incur significant registration and compliance costs. We have obtained no formal determination
from the Securities and Exchange Commission as to our status under the Investment Company Act and
 consequently
 violation of the
Act could subject us to material adverse consequences.
Any Potential Acquisition Or Merger With A Foreign
Company May Subject Us To Additional Risks.

with a foreign concern
 we will be subject to risks inherent in business operations outside of the United States. These risks include
for example
 currency fluctuations
 regulatory problems
 punitive tariffs
 unstable local tax policies
 trade embargoes
 risks
related to shipment of raw materials and finished goods across national borders and cultural and language differences. Foreign
economies may differ favorably or unfavorably from the United States economy in growth of gross national product
 rate of inflation
market development
 rate of savings
 and capital investment
 resource self-sufficiency and balance of payments positions
 and in
other respects.
There Is Currently No Trading Market For Our Common
Stock.

Stock cannot be offered
 sold
 pledged or otherwise transferred unless subsequently registered pursuant to
 or exempt from registration
under
 the Securities Act and any other applicable federal or state securities laws or regulations. These restrictions will limit
the ability of our stockholders to liquidate their investment.
Our Business Will Have No Revenues Unless And Until
We Merge With Or Acquire An Operating Business.

and have had no revenues from operations. We may not realize any revenues unless and until we successfully merge with or acquire
an operating business.
The Company Intends To Issue More Shares In A Merger
Or Acquisition
 Which Will Result In Substantial Dilution.

    
    


incorporation authorizes the issuance of a maximum of 100
000
000 shares of common stock and a maximum of 5
000
000 shares of
preferred stock. Any merger or acquisition effected by us may result in the issuance of additional securities without
stockholder approval and may result in substantial dilution in the percentage of our common stock held by our then existing
stockholders. Moreover
 the common stock issued in any such merger or acquisition transaction may be valued on an arbitrary
or non-arm&#8217;s-length basis by our management
 resulting in an additional reduction in the percentage of common stock
held by our then existing stockholders. Our Board of Directors has the power to issue any or all of such authorized but
unissued shares without stockholder approval. To the extent that additional shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock are
issued in connection with a business combination or otherwise
 dilution to the interests of our stockholders will occur and
the rights of the holders of Common Stock might be materially adversely affected.
The Company Has Conducted No Market Research Or
Identification Of Business Opportunities
 Which May Affect Our Ability To Identify A Business To Merge With Or Acquire.

to us results of market research concerning prospective business opportunities. Therefore
 we have no assurances that market demand
exists for a merger or acquisition as contemplated by us. Our management has not identified any specific business combination or
other transactions for formal evaluation by us
 such that it may be expected that any such target business or transaction will
present such a level of risk that conventional private or public offerings of securities or conventional bank financing will not
be available. There is no assurance that we will be able to acquire a business opportunity on terms favorable to us. Decisions
as to which business opportunity to participate in will be unilaterally made by our management
 which may act without the consent
vote or approval of our stockholders.
Because We May Seek To Complete
A Business Combination Through A &#8220;Reverse Merger&#8221;
 Following Such A Transaction We May Not Be Able To Attract The Attention
Of Major Brokerage Firms.

we will assist a privately held business to become public through a &#8220;reverse merger.&#8221; Securities analysts of major
brokerage firms may not provide coverage of our Company since there is no incentive to brokerage firms to recommend the purchase
of our common stock. No assurance can be given that brokerage firms will want to conduct any secondary offerings on behalf of our
post-merger company in the future.
We Cannot Assure You That Following A Business
Combination With An Operating Business
 Our Common Stock Will Be Listed On NASDAQ Or Any Other Securities Exchange.

combination
 we may seek the listing of our common stock on NASDAQ or the American Stock Exchange. However
 we cannot assure
you that following such a transaction
 we will be able to meet the initial listing standards of either of those or any other
stock exchange
 or that we will be able to maintain a listing of our common stock on either of those or any other stock
exchange. After completing a business combination
 until our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ or another stock exchange
we expect that our common stock would be eligible to trade on the OTC Bulletin Board
 another over-the-counter quotation
system
 or on the &#8220;pink sheets
&#8221; where our stockholders may find it more difficult to dispose of shares or obtain
accurate quotations as to the market value of our common stock. In addition
 we would be subject to an SEC rule that
 if it
failed to meet the criteria set forth in such rule
 imposes various practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell
securities governed by the rule to persons other than established customers and accredited investors. Consequently
 such rule
may deter broker-dealers from recommending or selling our common stock
 which may further affect its liquidity. This would
also make it more difficult for us to raise additional capital following a business combination.


    
    


There Is No Public Market For Our Common Stock
Nor Have We Ever Paid Dividends On Our Common Stock.

for our common stock and none is expected to develop in the foreseeable future unless and until we complete a business combination
with an operating business and such business files a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended.

 we have never paid
dividends on our Common Stock and do not presently intend to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. We anticipate that any
funds available for payment of dividends will be re-invested into the Company to further its business strategy.


authorizes the issuance of up to 5
000
000 shares of preferred stock with designations
 rights and preferences determined from
time to time by its Board of Directors. Accordingly
 our Board of Directors is empowered
 without stockholder approval
 to issue
preferred stock with dividend
 liquidation
 conversion
 voting
 or other rights which could adversely affect the voting power or
other rights of the holders of the common stock. In the event of issuance
 the preferred stock could be utilized
 under certain
circumstances
 as a method of discouraging
 delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company. Although we have no present
intention to issue any shares of its authorized preferred stock
 there can be no assurance that we will not do so in the future.


outstanding capital stock of the Company. Consequently
 management has the ability to control the operations of the Company and
will have the ability to control substantially all matters submitted to stockholders for approval
 including:


    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Adoption of measures that could delay or prevent a change in control or impede a merger
 takeover or other business combination.



 our Chief Executive
Officer and Director
 is the beneficial owner of 10
000
000 shares of our common stock. Accordingly
 this concentration of ownership
by itself may have the effect of impeding a merger
 consolidation
 takeover or other business consolidation
 or discouraging a
potential acquirer from making a tender offer for the common stock.

This Report Contains Forward-Looking
Statements And Information Relating To Us
 Our Industry And To Other Businesses.

    
    


are based on the beliefs of our management
 as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to our management.
When used in this prospectus
 the words &#8220;estimate
&#8221; &#8220;project
&#8221; &#8220;believe
&#8221; &#8220;anticipate
&#8221;
&#8220;intend
&#8221; &#8220;expect&#8221; and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements
reflect our current views with respect to future events and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results
to differ materially from those contemplated in our forward-looking statements. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these
forward-looking statements
 which speak only as of the date of this prospectus. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly
release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this prospectus
or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.




We currently have no policy with respect to investments or interests in real estate
 real estate mortgages or securities of
 or
interests in
 persons primarily engaged in real estate activities.


pending legal proceedings to which the Registrant is a party or as to which any of its property is subject
 and no such proceedings
are known to the Registrant to be threatened or contemplated against it.



Item 5. &nbsp;&nbsp;Market for Common Equity
 Related
Stockholder Matters and Small Business Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.


authorizes the issuance of up to 100
000
000 shares of common stock
 par value $.0001 per share (the &#8220;Common Stock&#8221;).
The Common Stock is not listed on a publicly-traded market. As of December 31
 2013
 there was one holder of record of the Common
Stock.


authorizes the issuance of up to 5
000
000 shares of preferred stock
 par value $.0001 per share (the &#8220;Preferred Stock&#8221;).
The Company has not yet issued any of its preferred stock.


    
    


on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of
dividends in the future will be contingent upon our revenues and earnings
 if any
 capital requirements and general financial condition
subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within
the discretion of our then board of directors. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings
 if
any
 for use in our business operations and
 accordingly
 our board does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable
future.
Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans

equity compensation plans or any individual compensation arrangements with respect to its common stock or preferred stock. The
issuance of any of our common or preferred stock is within the discretion of our Board of Directors
 which has the power to issue
any or all of our authorized but unissued shares without stockholder approval.


 2013
 the Company
offered and sold 10
000
000 shares of Common Stock to Richard Chiang
 its sole officer and director
 in exchange for incorporation
fees and annual resident agent fees in the State of Delaware
 and developing our business concept and plan. The Company sold these
shares of Common Stock under the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(2) of the Securities Act.

of 1933
 as amended for the above issuances. We believed that Section 4(2) was available because:


    
    
None of these issuances involved underwriters
 underwriting discounts or commissions;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



 we provided
the following to all investors:


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
The opportunity to obtain any additional information
 to the extent we possessed such information
 necessary to verify the accuracy of the information to which the investors were given access.


of Directors has the power to issue any or all of the authorized but unissued Common Stock without stockholder approval. The
Company currently has no commitments to issue any shares of common stock. However
 the Company will
 in all likelihood
 issue
a substantial number of additional shares in connection with a business combination. Since the Company expects to issue
additional shares of common stock in connection with a business combination
 existing stockholders of the Company may
experience substantial dilution in their shares. However
 it is impossible to predict whether a business combination will
ultimately result in dilution to existing shareholders. If the target has a relatively weak balance sheet
 a business
combination may result in significant dilution. If a target has a relatively strong balance sheet
 there may be little or no
dilution.


    
    






by Item 10 of Regulation S-K
 the Company is not required to provide this information.
Item 7. &nbsp;&nbsp;Management&#8217;s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation.

to investigate and
 if such investigation warrants
 acquire a target company or business seeking the perceived advantages of being
a publicly held corporation. Our principal business objective for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be to achieve long-term
growth potential through a combination with a business rather than immediate
 short-term earnings. We will not restrict our potential
candidate target companies to any specific business
 industry or geographical location and
 thus
 may acquire any type of business.

any business activities that provide cash flow. The costs of investigating and analyzing business combinations for the next 12
months and beyond such time will be paid with amounts to be loaned to or invested in us by our stockholders
 management or other
investors.

months we anticipate incurring costs related to:

filing of Exchange Act reports
 and

costs relating to consummating an acquisition.

meet these costs through amounts
 as necessary
 to be loaned to or invested in us by our stockholders
 management or other investors.

has recently commenced operations
 is a developing company in need of additional funds for expansion into new products or markets
is seeking to develop a new product or service
 or is an established business which may be experiencing financial or operating
difficulties and is in need of additional capital. In the alternative
 a business combination may involve the acquisition of
 or
merger with
 a company which does not need substantial additional capital
 but which desires to establish a public trading market
for its shares
 while avoiding
 among other things
 the time delays
 significant expense
 and loss of voting control which may
occur in a public offering.

may be a financially unstable company or an entity in its early stages of development or growth
 including entities without established
records of sales or earnings. In that event
 we will be subject to numerous risks inherent in the business and operations of financially
unstable and early stage or potential emerging growth companies. In addition
 we may effect a business combination with an entity
in an industry characterized by a high level of risk
 and
 although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent
in a particular target business
 there can be no assurance that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risks.

    
    


it will likely be able to effect only one business combination
 due primarily to our limited financing
 and the dilution of interest
for present and prospective stockholders
 which is likely to occur as a result of our management&#8217;s plan to offer a controlling
interest to a target business in order to achieve a tax-free reorganization. This lack of diversification should be considered
a substantial risk in investing in us
 because it will not permit us to offset potential losses from one venture against gains
from another.

of a business combination will be complex and extremely risky. Because of general economic conditions
 rapid technological advances
being made in some industries and shortages of available capital
 our management believes that there are numerous firms seeking
even the limited additional capital which we will have and/or the perceived benefits of becoming a publicly traded corporation.
Such perceived benefits of becoming a publicly traded corporation include
 among other things
 facilitating or improving the terms
on which additional equity financing may be obtained
 providing liquidity for the principals of and investors in a business
 creating
a means for providing incentive stock options or similar benefits to key employees
 and offering greater flexibility in structuring
acquisitions
 joint ventures and the like through the issuance of stock. Potentially available business combinations may occur
in many different industries and at various stages of development
 all of which will make the task of comparative investigation
and analysis of such business opportunities extremely difficult and complex.

act as a &#8220;finder&#8221; to identify and analyze the merits of potential target businesses.


off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on the Company&#8217;s financial
condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital
resources that is material to investors.


by Item 10 of Regulation S-K
 the Company is not required to provide this information.
Item 7A.&nbsp; Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk.

by Item 10 of Regulation S-K
 the Company is not required to provide this information.
Item 8. &nbsp;&nbsp;Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data.

F-1 located elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.

between the Company and its accountants on any matter of accounting principles
 practices or financial statement disclosure.

    
    




is responsible for establishing and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports
that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
 within the time periods
specified in the Commission&#8217;s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include
 without limitation
 controls and
procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under
the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer&#8217;s management
 including its principal executive officer or
officers and principal financial officer or officers
 or persons performing similar functions
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure.

Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15
 an evaluation was completed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company&#8217;s management
including the Company&#8217;s President
 Principal Financial Officer and Secretary
 of the effectiveness of the design and operation
of the Company&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Based on that
evaluation
 the Company&#8217;s sole officer concluded that the Company&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures were effective
in providing reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the Company&#8217;s reports filed or submitted under
the Exchange Act was recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported within the time periods specified in the Commission&#8217;s
rules and forms.
Evaluation of Internal Controls over Financial
Reporting

a report of management&#8217;s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of the company&#8217;s
registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission for
newly public companies.


changes to the Company&#8217;s internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during our last fiscal quarter of the year
ended December 31
 2013
 that materially affected
 or were reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal controls over financial
reporting.



Item 10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance


officers and directors will serve for one year or until their respective successors are elected and qualified. They are:

    
    




    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Chairman of the Board of Directors
 Chief Executive Officer
 President
 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary

    
    
    
    
    




Richard
&nbsp;has been the&nbsp;Chief Executive Officer
 Secretary
 Treasurer and Director&nbsp;of the Company since
its inception on June 18
 2013. Mr. Chiang is employed by Tech Associates
 Inc.
 a financial advisory firm engaged in assisting
emerging growth companies with capital markets consulting. From February 2010 to May 2012
 he was employed by Redwood
Capital
 Inc.
 a financial advisory firm engaged in cross borders transactions in The People&#8217;s Republic of China
 as a
Managing Director of private equity. From January 2009-January 2010
 Mr. Chiang was employed as an Associate Partner of
BayPeak LLC
 a financial advisor engaged in cross borders transactions in The People&#8217;s Republic of China. From 2005 to
2009
 he was an independent consultant specializing in corporate and securities consulting services for small and medium
sized companies. Prior to that he was a licensed National Association of Securities Dealers (NASD) Series 7 Registered
Representative and held senior executive positions at Bear
 Stearns &amp; Co.
 Inc
 Cruttenden Roth
 Inc and for Wedbush
Morgan Securities
 Inc. Mr. Chiang has experience in several areas within the financial services industry such as securities
trading
 mergers and acquisitions
 private wealth management
 private equity and corporate finance. Mr. Chiang&#8217;s
exposure in working with small and medium public companies total (20) twenty years experience. His background in the
securities industry and knowledge of financial structures provide us with sufficient management experience to serve as our
officer and director.




 the Company has no significant
employees.


executive officers
 or persons nominated or chosen by the issuer to become directors or executive officers.


no criminal proceedings and no judgments
 injunctions
 orders or decrees material to the evaluation of the ability and integrity
of any director
 executive officer
 promoter or control person of Registrant during the past five years.


Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer
 principal financial officer
 principal accounting
officer or controller
 or persons performing similar functions in that our sole officer and director serve in these capacities.


holders may recommend nominees to our Board of Directors.

    
    



the audit committee. The Company does not have a qualified financial expert at this time because it has not been able to hire a
qualified candidate. Further
 the Company believes that it has inadequate financial resources at this time to hire such an expert.
The Company intends to continue to search for a qualified individual for hire.


not receive any compensation for services rendered to the Company since inception
 has not received such compensation in the past
and is not accruing any compensation pursuant to any agreement with the Company. No remuneration of any nature has been paid for
or on account of services rendered by a director in such capacity. Our officers and directors intend to devote no more than a few
hours per week to our affairs.

not receive any finder&#8217;s fee
 either directly or indirectly
 as a result of any efforts to implement our business plan outlined
herein.

 after we
successfully consummates a business combination with an unaffiliated entity
 that entity may desire to employ or retain one or
a number of members of our management for the purposes of providing services to the surviving entity. However
 we have adopted
a policy whereby the offer of any post-transaction employment to members of management will not be a consideration in our decision
whether to undertake any proposed transaction.

 pension
 profit
sharing
 stock option or insurance programs or other similar programs have been adopted for the benefit of its employees.

agreements regarding compensation our management will receive after a business combination that is required to be included in this
table
 or otherwise.


fees to our directors
 nor do we pay directors&#8217; expenses in attending board meetings.


Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.


as of December 31
 2013
 the number of shares of Common Stock owned of record and beneficially by executive officers
 directors
and persons who hold 5% or more of the outstanding Common Stock of the Company. Also included are the shares held by all executive
officers and directors as a group.

    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
10
000
000
    

    
    
    

    
10
000
000
    



000
000
shares of common stock outstanding as of December 31
 2013.


herein
 there have been no related party transactions
 or any other transactions or relationships required to be disclosed pursuant
to Item 404 of Regulation S-K.



 CPA
 P.C. is the Company&rsquo;s independent
registered public accounting firm. Set below are aggregate fees billed by Kenne Ruan for professional services rendered for the
year ended December 31
 2013.


and to be billed by Kenne Ruan CPA
 P.C. for the period from September 30
 2013 to December 31
 2013 amounted to $1
300.




 CPA
 P.C.
for professional services for tax compliance
 tax advice
 and tax planning for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013.



    
    



Item 15. Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules.




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



(b) The following documents are filed as part of
the report:

 Statement
of Operations
 Statement of Stockholder&#8217;s Equity
 Statement of Cash Flows
 and Notes to Financial Statements.

of Regulation S-X. Accordingly
 the financial statements required for purposes of reports pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 are unaudited.



    
    



with the requirements of the Exchange Act
 the Registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto
duly authorized.




7
 2014


    
    

    

        
Richard Chiang
Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chairman of the Board of Directors

    
    


Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated.


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
February 7
 2014

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

















    
    







(A Development Stage Company)
FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
AS
OF DeCEMBER 31
 2013
AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM JUNE 18
 2013
DECEMBER
31
 2013



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
 2013
    

    
    


 2013) through December 31
 2013
    

    
    


 2013) through December 31
 2013
    

    
    


 2013) through December 31
 2013
    

    
    

    
    

    
    






    
    





ALPINE 3
 Inc.
(A Development Stage Company)


balance sheet of ALPINE 3
 Inc. as of December 31
 2013 and the related statements of operations
 changes in shareholders&rsquo;
equity and cash flows for the period from June 18
 2013 (inception) to December 31
 2013. These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.


with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the financial
statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of ALPINE 3
 Inc. as of December
31
 2013 and the results of its operation and its cash flows for the period from June 18
 2013 (inception) to December 31
 2013
in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.


been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in the note to the financial statements
the Company&rsquo;s lack of liquidity and losses from operations raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going
concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.


/s/Kenne Ruan
 CPA
 P.C.
Kenne Ruan
 CPA
 P.C.
Woodbridge
 Connecticut

February  7
 2014



    
    



(A Development Stage Company)
Balance Sheet


    
    
December 31
 

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

        

333

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
1
833

    
    
    

    
    
1
833

    
    
    

    
    
    

Preferred stock
 ($.0001 par value
 5
000
000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding.)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
    

Common stock ($.0001 par value
 100
000
000 shares authorized; 10
000
000 shares issued and outstanding as of&nbsp;&nbsp;December 31
 2013 )
    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;1
000

    
    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(2
833)

    
    
    

    
    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(1
833)

    
    
    






    
    




(A Development Stage Company)
Statements of Operations


    
    

June 18
 2013
        
        December 31
 2013

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
&#9;2
833&nbsp;

    
    
    

    
    
&#9;2
833&nbsp;

    
    
    

    
    
&#9;&nbsp;(2
833)

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
10
000
000

    
    
    







    
    






From June 18
inception)
through December 31
 2013


    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    


 2013 (inception) through December 31
 2013
10
000
000
1
000
    
    
1
000

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
(2
833
(2
833

    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
December 31
 2013
10
000
000
1
000
    
(2
833
(1
833

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    






    
    



(A Development Stage Company)
Statement of Cash flows


    

 December 31
 2013

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
(2
833

    
1
333

    
1
000

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
1
000

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



    
    





December
31
 2013
NOTE 1.&nbsp;&nbsp; ORGANIZATION
AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS

was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on June 18
 2013 and has been inactive since inception. The Company intends
to serve as a vehicle to effect an asset acquisition
 merger
 exchange of capital stock or other business combination with a domestic
or foreign business.
NOTE 2.&nbsp;&nbsp; SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Basis of Presentation - Development
Stage Company

revenue from operations. Accordingly
 the Company&#8217;s activities have been accounted for as those of a &#8220;Development Stage
Company&#8221; as set forth in Financial Accounting Standards Board ASC 915. Among the disclosures required by ASC 915 are that
the Company&#8217;s financial statements be identified as those of a development stage company
 and that the statements of operations
stockholders&#8217; equity and cash flows disclose activity since the date of the Company&#8217;s inception.


statements are prepared using the accrual method of accounting. The Company has elected a fiscal year ending on December 31.


statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. In the opinion of management
 all adjustments
necessary in order to make the financial statements not misleading have been included. Actual results could differ from those estimates.


liquid investments with maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.


accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ASC 740 Accounting for Income Taxes. A deferred tax asset or liability
is recorded for all temporary differences between financial and tax reporting and net operating loss carry forwards. Deferred tax
expense (benefit) results from the net change during the year of deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets are reduced
by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred
tax assets will be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates
on the date of enactment. There were no current or deferred Income tax expenses or benefits due to the Company not having any material
operations for period ended December 31
 2013.
Basic Earnings (Loss) per
Share

    
    


 the FASB issued
ASC 260
 &#8220;Earnings per Share&#8221;
 which specifies the computation
 presentation and disclosure requirements for earnings
(loss) per share for entities with publicly held common stock. ASC 260 supersedes the provisions of APB No. 15
 and requires the
presentation of basic earnings (loss) per share and diluted earnings (loss) per share. The Company has adopted the provisions of
ASC 260 effective (inception).

is computed by dividing the net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share
are the same as basic earnings per share due to the lack of dilutive items in the Company.


the adoption of recently issued accounting pronouncements to have a significant impact on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
financial position
 or cash flow.
NOTE&nbsp;3.&nbsp;&nbsp;GOING
CONCERN

statements are prepared using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America applicable to a going concern
that contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has not
established any source of revenue to cover its operating costs. The Company will engage in very limited activities without incurring
any liabilities that must be satisfied in cash until a source of funding is secured. The Company will offer noncash consideration
and seek equity lines as a means of financing its operations. If the Company is unable to obtain revenue producing contracts or
financing or if the revenue or financing it does obtain is insufficient to cover any operating losses it may incur
 it may substantially
curtail or terminate its operations or seek other business opportunities through strategic alliances
 acquisitions or other arrangements
that may dilute the interests of existing stockholders.



has performed services for the Company during the period the value of which was $1
000
 in exchange for 10
000
000 shares of common
stock. The officer and director of the Company paid operating expenses for the Company
 as of December 31
 2013 the balance of
the Due To Related Party was $500.

NOTE&nbsp;5.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;SHAREHOLDER&#8217;S
EQUITY

 the Board of
Directors issued 10
000
000 shares of common stock for $1
000 in services to the founding shareholder of the Company.

section of the Company contains the following classes of capital stock as of December 31
 2013:


    
    
Common stock
 $ 0.0001 par value: 100
000
000 shares authorized; 10
000
000 shares issued and outstanding

    
    
    

    
    
Preferred stock
 $ 0.0001 par value: 5
000
000 shares authorized; but not issued and outstanding.

    
    
    





to disclose during the period ended December 31
 2013.

NOTE 7.&nbsp;&nbsp;SUBSEQUENT
EVENTS

Management
has evaluated subsequent events up to and including February 7
 2014 which is the date the statements were available for issuance
and determined there are no reportable subsequent events.



    
    













I
 Richard Chiang
 the Principal Executive Officer of ALPINE 3 INC.
2. Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
3. Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the small business issuer as of
 and for
a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the small business issuer's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the
5. The small business owner&#146;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small business issuer's ability to record
 process
b. Any fraud
 whether or not material
Dated:&nbsp;February 7
(Principal
Executive Officer)




    
    






I
 Richard Chiang
 the Principal Financial Officer of ALPINE 3 INC.
2. Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
3. Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the small business issuer as of
 and for
a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the small business issuer's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the
5. The small business owner&#146;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small business issuer's ability to record
 process
b. Any fraud
 whether or not material
Dated:&nbsp;February 7
Chief
Financial Officer&nbsp;



    
    

 











CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
In connection with the Annual&nbsp;Report of ALPINE 3 INC.&nbsp;(the Company) on Form 10-K for the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               period&nbsp;ended December 31
 2013 as filed with the Securities and Exchange&nbsp;Commission on the date hereof (the Report)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               I
 Richard Chiang
 Principal&nbsp; Executive&nbsp; Officer of the Company
 certify
&nbsp; pursuant to 18 U.S.C.&nbsp;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ss.1350
&nbsp;as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
(2)&nbsp; The information&nbsp;contained in the Report fairly&nbsp;presents
&nbsp;in all material respects
&nbsp;Dated:&nbsp;February 7
 2014


    
    

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
In connection with the Annual Report of ALPINE 3 INC. (the Company) on Form 10-K for
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               period&nbsp;ended December 31
 2013 as filed with the Securities and Exchange&nbsp; Commission on the date
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               hereof (the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Report)
 I
 Richard Chiang
 Principal&nbsp;Financial&nbsp;Officer of the Company
 certify
&nbsp; pursuant to 18 U.S.C.&nbsp;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ss.1350
&nbsp;as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
(2)&nbsp; The information&nbsp;contained in the Report fairly&nbsp;presents
&nbsp;in all material respects
Dated:&nbsp;February 7
Chief
Financial Officer


    
    

 
 










begin 644 logo3.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$`8`!@``#_X0R17AI9@``34T`*@````@``P$[``(`
M```(````,H=I``0````!````.IR=``$````0````F@````!2:6-H87)D```$
MD`,``@```!0```!PD`0``@```!0```$DI$``@````
X-0``DI(``@````
X
M-0```````#(P
3
Z
#8Z
3@@
3$Z
SDZ
C``
C`Q

R\J



M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#Z1HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BL[Q#KMEX9\/7NLZI)Y=K9Q&5SW.




MKVM:9\



2^&-:=EUC0OW163[[P@[1GW4_*?^`^
MM`'L5%%%`!1110`4444`5-1&HFWSI#VJS#/%RC


&





M[:\\R`]S\\N5_$#\P*
O]C*
O;Q32MKZNP\X6)A*'U6;4I7TZ:*_Z'J-G=PW






AXW#_6-_P$?(/]HF@#8_9[\)7FIWFH_$KQ
#+J&JR.+0N.BD_.X^
%8_$NC(RZQH7[T-']]X0<L!CNI&X?CZUZS86-MIFG6
M]C8Q+#;6T:Q11J.%51@IV574JX#*PP01D$4`<3\)?'L7Q!\!VNHNR_VA!^X
MOHQVE`^]CT88(^I':NWKYHC+_`7X\F

H92
M
@CO0`M%%%`!7DW[0'Q`;PGX

DU\[_#6PN?C#\8]0\?ZU$W]D:7($L(9!QN

Q+'@XY9![$8=?J:^@:`BBB@`HHHH`X_XC7[Q:)#IM
MMDW&H2B






MK:-:WT1&)HPQ`[-T(_`Y%:9G3E)0Q#5FU9^ICD5:

MD_$#_D1M0_[9_P#HU:YOX2_\Q?\`[8_^SUTGQ`_Y$;4/^V?_`*-6N;^$O_
7


M7T?6]!FN=3L_/E6Y:
-YKKA0JG&`1W)KWZ?L_PS?WE[7Z'R-9UEG?[E*_+U
MO;\+G87OC#0;&W:5]3MYMO1('$C-[`O.M
LKOQKXV?4?)V6OGB25B/E5%QA


NWT'7M'A\.:;%-J
MMC'(EI$K(UR@*D(,@C/!KB/BG_R--M_UYK_Z&]=/HO@?P]=Z#I]S<:?OEFMH
MY';SY!EBH).`WK7IU_9?4J7M6_E;]3PL*\0LTQ'L$F_-M?DF6O$OC'3;'0[A
MM/U&:[=2D(@D5R&/\7&<8Z\UTJ'



M-\$G3]-D(UG6

7%]-
V

MJHT_^UU\977_``E^_P`[[7N;R]W]W=]__@7_`([0!]`30QW$#PSHLD4BE'1A
MD






\`Q_$#P%<V
2+_`&C;9N+%






M6U970



`
MI4




M
K1


M







M5!I4*J\E^:/2Q46\5AVELY?^DLZZO._B9X=WQIK=I'\RX2YVCJ.BN?IT_+TK
MT2H[B*ZMI(+A`\4JE'4]#UJ




6BJ7AA9P#O?C('7D5

GR
MQCKM)'C_93\Z]4\%_#[P[XTT6GAZQ6-R
2W4N&FF_WGP/R&![5TU`%/2M(

/#.@93[







MJ\*V7C^W\8:=8FRU*!9!LMR$A=G4J79

_!_P;X4UZZUC3=-
M\R\GE





M&X9H%U21))8GDW)'LW;53C('S-U)ZUU5`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`
M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4
J444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`?__9
`
end


















        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        



      


      




          


          



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2013 and has been inactive since inception. The Company intends&#13;to serve as a vehicle to effect an asset acquisition
 merger


 the Company&amp;#8217;s activities have been accounted for as those of a &amp;#8220;Development Stage&#13;Company&amp;#8221; as set forth in Financial Accounting Standards Board ASC 915. Among the disclosures required by ASC 915 are that&#13;the Company&amp;#8217;s financial statements be identified as those of a development stage company
 and that the statements of operations


 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred&#13;tax assets will be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates&#13;on the date of enactment. There were no current or deferred Income tax expenses or benefits due to the Company not having any material&#13;operations for period ended December 31

 the FASB issued&#13;ASC 260
 &amp;#8220;Earnings per Share&amp;#8221;
 which specifies the computation
 presentation and disclosure requirements for earnings&#13;(loss) per share for entities with publicly held common stock. ASC 260 supersedes the provisions of APB No. 15

&#13;financial position


 the Company&amp;#8217;s activities have been accounted for as those of a &amp;#8220;Development Stage&#13;Company&amp;#8221; as set forth in Financial Accounting Standards Board ASC 915. Among the disclosures required by ASC 915 are that&#13;the Company&amp;#8217;s financial statements be identified as those of a development stage company
 and that the statements of operations

    


    

 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred&#13;tax assets will be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates&#13;on the date of enactment. There were no current or deferred Income tax expenses or benefits due to the Company not having any material&#13;operations for period ended December 31


 the FASB issued&#13;ASC 260
 &amp;#8220;Earnings per Share&amp;#8221;
 which specifies the computation
 presentation and disclosure requirements for earnings&#13;(loss) per share for entities with publicly held common stock. ASC 260 supersedes the provisions of APB No. 15


&#13;financial position


 it may substantially&#13;curtail or terminate its operations or seek other business opportunities through strategic alliances


000
 in exchange for 10
000
000 shares of common&#13;stock. The officer and director of the Company paid operating expenses for the Company
 as of December 31

    
    
    
    

 the Board of&#13;Directors issued 10
000
000 shares of common stock for $1
000 in services to the founding shareholder of the Company.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0 0 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;The stockholders&amp;#8217; equity&#13;section of the Company contains the following classes of capital stock as of December 31

 $ 0.0001 par value: 100
000
000 shares authorized; 10
000

 $ 0.0001 par value: 5
000


























	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  



















































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


























      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      
















      












      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      










      









      




      

      

      




      

      

      

      


















































































































































































































































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!`=`G4G0$``(\
```3``@6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;"B!`(HH``````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#
EUU/PC`4AN]-_`]+;PWK

.J-:%]1Y4KR0;
^ELW%(?64X8RNN[97'0+C5


M````$`M54P(_4```!
`@``P`(`E]R96QS+RYR96QS(*($`BB@``(`````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````(R2ST[#,`S&[TB\0^3[ZFY(*&ENTQ(NR%4'L`D[A^U
MC:

[




M$Y(B-=`!;=6]6!XXQ2K8##M+^N]W(0J[;;)J+R'^N
?GG'OLJ^MM51J_6:.X
M%&/3.;%-@XE
YER\C



MU.YLK7CD;*/^%K5#8_O$12XW[5:P]JT?#8#`IEMZXKDN8-VV[7[NEO&70N\G

:S26'/TV0.RUQ
MC')#2RHR1I)VMT)5+JIR/Z\B][2!UA1

M2KMN8^IAE/K$(5&\\




MSD$V/^\
J.@C[N*






M2Y:WKZ)&+TQI+IL

M#@YLV)%B18;OXL5]'.-PM70!^LW95A\](UW)[6?%\Z^\81!MR)/-P%K*9PM]

X*LJG-#[G]PGA9&4AWHZLL47^]L`TA8@39DEHG*
M&A8`5R2X+0V('EU]RW/397AT21(I]$H!CA:




UC]!0``
M__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`#?&3?8T``!.!@``&0```'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E
M='





T_2P8QML*9BC[D/


)9C;A0`@#



M;6R45EMOVC`4?I^T_Q#YO;D0`@41JG9=MTF;-$V[/)O$(5:3.+)-:?_]CGW`



MZ1#H(C3Z.O

M7G[E'8-JPSR9&5@)\6B@7TISP9'KT8_V!GX+H.25733Z!]B^YGQ=:UANC-(
M9(+-RY=[I@JH*-$H\PP%:(!`W`
6FZ6!E2$/MO_+2]UG9-T$F;3.$T`'JR8

MI!/'CPX0



$%``&``@````A
M`/MBI6V4!@``IQL``!



MEINX[85*)9N5BO1A&



_

M'D4=3$M-
J0C)Y`6BW9I!'Z9E^D

2H0?$N:8


]KDJ@^]Q-T/T








M;JI)6@8



MHBB;

].(HH33\T0M8BQ3GWW
W

M[IBV4VS@RWXP'/B*(D6Z37@6M%BX3GN-LMA:]@TMTH7`56D::$ZW=*P;

MWW[\6F\58CA


RCOL3
*&TS;D74S8






!B:W8YI
B//\HCVPKF[=FE%UYB9MAGT
MP&#8'0QO#!!IFP
FZJ(


BK'`-%7F5UKP;[

HGN.N2W$K

M



M]U3ICC1]17DP_YH-%=D!..YK9.QMI-G+I;]Y7`4S-[;8S7TF@IVE
F1U-&%C

?=I*V
MQRGRL;;?J3_LHE0^@DM:?I/Q0-LL\J&_B@/L2G2098P14
X`05#&A;2&X#

H:4@\HQ:[DN_D']`

D-?9E_.5



M%IR+I95+Q

M5?D1CN.QH/*Q6)4?P9##



MCT95_1RS__FZVGK
[)[2&[?8IN1R/0#SSMV%O?+3I_+'L5Y]_S-[5`/!E%_U

JT%[
K@R

V\3'2\+B


$%``&``@`




M7A#M*3_.HO3%WH.G3_94%@4_9[IK?VD?/=M[^=P$+Y^G+T]B/UOI*%500_6B

M/6BUC\H/3_6LJ5I/Y.'#\L
_9Q%VMNIW;G3MU.I:EK5?_L$=;ZPO`Y
F'@X]






MBLB.+Z!FU


)G%!N$![+I;YT9D=Q/_UY6

MP^32BX)?1!])XCP[]8XDMCI\U;L&.E5GL:F`R;%G@-DAGBB81HG5RV'TDPXN




SRBTL;MUM$YK42]4
W#2*:#]$V`VX
M6-G^$CY8**W:\E@.!`3%^PZ.%%UQ_VV(MW%-*N2LJ#TKE`WX!ZAC^1)CJY



F
HW852`VB`^MVD]M'RP%<@EI,ZTCB!1HU<I`.'?
MUVN6]:::0II3`#^GR$_#[&7&(NB

Z-X(E=$
MP3--WA


US#?]4

VZC!P-1A\`'FA7O
MD-$0Z0AY!\4!HE``M'#AHW8EER]L7/60_)A3UG04



[Q_RPB;&E2(O7Z-7@2JBZ-1+R

M!$L9C8+
1;

YA%UA
M@!4)K(33+='5(8)#




M2CZ67IDG.N`42)KY.#MJ%6@4:+PCHR&*@'4
0J+!!.$K=R06YG:PXPI

XO:X#/$?@X?XGY+1JA_9EF
+;


;BA#
5
MI/ESY5$M).?36-WP.G0/1D3=@M57-3X=(*I1/!V7[V#%T;53SM3([S'HU)


7FS%7
OE!()MJ0&P8$&\AY#A
A+?*JY



M8DD%XXNY#;*9I7C$7ZZ_8CZ(-`U*YR^H`1=2L

MM#C)$0I4X0AHLZ-,6Z1M#@F0)]9-5F]11ZX($Y7T;(#I]7LX%3S^*-.X10
MWIPP0/

3;KC0?E0W/5QP]'






'=#`4IK-V2W_'



MBX[Z=S\JITKQS3/4*9;)^O=5W


M_`L*HAWE@*W0N-X5:J)4=



K9HBD^C+1EHF*&NO3


`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#1(H`:C@(``.\&```8


M$J%JU76KM$K3M


MU4K3905Y[Y(A94=M/[B2EX)I951A(Y`C(=#KG*=D2D!I

GR?




(U
MN7`-2


M``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`UI?64`P


#








C=V#&Z
)&JZ9(:[$C&?296TD*22Y+05],E-=BQ-W$D+62O?.QL#XJ
M


M;%C94?3Z[9#`6UY#6.*+IXDK?+Y/(:]-CIQ!U5'::S.CS75OA#D\J@'6%W
M5'48*WP5G6TMK`?

M3MN;WUZ
+=G3'T3L62.]BA8POT)_`0+WOMVH7AK+L(=5W!?FZ\EO)]1N5#

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`?5]Y[+@0``
00

MDTVR&R6Y6D#;7JF5JK;W]MD!)T$+.
7.9O??=\P`ZX\M2_*0\'$X/F?&GL'9
M?'VM2N^%-:+@]=8GL]#W6)WQO*B/6__[WT]?[GU/2%KGM.0UV_IO3/A?=S__



)JW#U5E
M$(7A

M


(AH`6H0\6\_S&.D1@F&8?3C?LBG


MU=(A:R#L8XN1&*+]?\&&*N21\6R]6&50AP%9/QE%VZ%\AIUB%B1
#W@`F
M(ND1*H&*--4N!*!VD`PIT5_/`UZ90JLE/6L

M2/1TJ0H

+T6)@;2
2(P+2-`1Q:2*23Q'I&
+0#L-
UZ[`6Q_B

M1.C:[TU$XB(L=^D8PM`.ZWJZ=@4VM3^8RF)$Z-J)-;\3%V*+'T

M4SRQ%E:

M0QC2U5N&5@O'XL6]+?BP`N5X3HTHBUHA





M1'9%
M(HC1L_`^=ENTDL\A:0=96B]ZIG;5[K3P3US/V2--%@E,U:O_N!SU`-5JU`



X$'T?:?\!\3X!



^(S5M(*5/6O*1









0OJTC')7EZ!D!8-[Q3WF:M

:W=9K`+8$
[P!';[-0&0!

MT9!A6_]ES-B=PO!=ZD2T/&GU[4PFPWU)L.6(DG57RXG`6YE*?.9+*\N#+'

[I].NTZ='.B?27/(*^X4=`_%^E*G

M965T
TY%<C6`Z<!FD#M$!1]'&FJ95$6!0%
MDHZ3O^]2M!4Y=A-?#(D:SL[
+NG%S9.JR2
8*W63T3@:40*-T+ELRHS^_G5_



&Z



L#

ML4EH[R6_DXP#Z(+2.###TMY\

/V0X'2($IX3/4M25;_VY37#R
_@)$`2A53MJFZ5-FF:]O'L@`E6`2/;:=I_OVM


EZPF


M]L1`9D^LP(I8E5:=Y%Y_
:0Y'F1$
QW3J



ZUB`(^I]'FN

MA^?8E=D/[B0[=A5D3%ILL&N(Q:0MWG
`%63(GQL'T!`M_TSE$=Q2_R^^C3+4
'\7IOG<8K?QLWY'A9':-;Z

_J-3=OS:Y:[Q




`4$L#!!0`!@`(````

MCZ(P%(;O-]G_0'H_%%1$C3@9);





I+4
M046.1YXWQ07A);(.SG$0Z0IIRP6]%P4EL3R7*B@5]EO%)GMX(.L2N(W!^J


&5W)$LC].0OXA#AU;*NSQ_.CNKBVE&9.'Z1//G&2P;%AC:9

M'IVX7P*]B?N:!;XP11^;*C+^.0YS/U`U;^Q_P&1R


33H=FFAIB;FR035H:!6
W.*[!BUL



A]/G&['K-GY'5/P```/__`P!02P
$%``&






8:X?SW_^L
M\;X'[/4X0GIM7M9H#`;_D%6?P$``/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`-^XMU_


ZU4ET8$O




-ZL5BQ!RR&

M'-+Y2UCVB8G%
M('`0$RFT#F$?')T).]^G!V)T%\MW5.&`.2$SVIQF]M;S
MRX]:[^-F*IGR.X!U'3

M


M2P



V
X=%E*`0]:[!2T+I`8:+C#^FTM.WM@
M4V(

H]EU/$D03C9@W5IZ
N(
M

MROC0I_\


MN

M*)$R[KV8


M`P!02P








MH[OU=$=U1=LCW=.R%%[.SWBC@4`W*RO;Z]96W;8&^@ZO83C1AWJ4P/$UHD^3

!@``&0```'AL








M/'&*Q&][01

CV`HVBNCVN7*
M'NR5?56\E74(#&62MV7&_R/CP5C6H?EXTO

M]'VTOS16B9_+U_%)NNHN$]9_P




!%:$OH1L`


MRVBAX

;#@V2:C+=D;GJW


_T(#3I#N5O)KZ9-]A5QY3)KN2P:#XL87
;K0V=H#:AJ
MRM:K;.4S@AFFI
V




4EJN1LP-


M+#[RH05DO#ML]5*R-;[M0VO;X1^XKL9@/A\QKR:RPXQ@/9T#NX=TEL^%JO97



D#QSTPM1

T`D`)#`QI






ME1X9\0?*=N:
?C##6YR9LV-:
&D!JY5U/_MUW1BKO6]*_S05Y]8@%P3=YG[9





MYN@1_?-L;H3\:38-42$TXF$N'&^BK&VE`E[

`4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A











M`BT`%``&``@````A`.:IDY
9!```;`\``!D`````````````````'D$``'AL






M`!0`!@`(````(0!2[H16L@
``$D




begin 644 0001262463-14-000099-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0````(`-%91T11VO_9F10``^%```1`!P`86QP:2TR
#$S
3(S
2YX


MI

.$[RI7^]-W.]:C5'QT/!COL


.
MX+A6



M=LJ#

1?C=69CY


M3O0_70R&IVR?#7RG_;:S#%X5WS'81


MRK
R!Z]&;[)ST2V\SCF(^+0W78DPPGPVX#8HZ`P?`


MT=!
R?=_=G-BZM591BZ+BF<2-\%2`40A^E2`5Q9A$$HM3L0$J_&^
M`S$J)M=R$H?`F?*(!^M:D7M?3TC%ISN.@@Q)7_`%'WLV`%7PEBX&W2^_DI

M3_V32-Z(T[M`^+IQ1;Z*BJ+?7X.P3-]Y@!TN\/[V_D;X4J2H@J)
`TAIX#MJ
M+CXIO1'\I5!8@+\)Y!M



1DROP=^JJ;+*JL'*F
Q









MW(]LS$3C5[@I3N@KD.
'#TE\(C:S5V\SH^O/G_N7OQ/KP#Q&@X_#P=G@N#^\
M8OWCX_/KX=5@^)%=G'\:'`].M\YJTKEBD4[J?@$^#Q)DHQ\MEEN4(
+
$DEB
R#@E^L/SIF;WH',`\(=U.:@NUXRG<W*99*
!7A$#B




X^\%=:7
M$_%G`6QUM\ZRZM7#2BV5*2I7$(J`H])A\#`ZR;$^`L+F-#?2F'3Q9(]BL\

M+I6;I-8&^)XYFA%E!5.SCN$M4%9@*RB03$L#R.
=&7B9D]%`F@^&3RX`\I8Y

.]W)E/G[//!VE



MAY#8:]`_$#[$7XI^(F/$=HC'=/(8M?*V0S26H@@ILD')-
]!$
;K4-Z';W\P


\%




L$(6@=@7$7P1$+@@R/GE%


L1SHSI@/A8.VF2S69[$I\W<Q3\R*
M_E)N9?




&


MHQ3/O?CG7OQS+_ZY%U_HQ==LNE_C^
H'T9Z





M);A4&PA_BM$(*((QZ!R+DTO,%W1P90$@A+&,TC6`98)/?ZB,7BSARDB]4&



MR4&ZD%



MC;E'K2A;?N&E$YC/E6+68AB9C)G70;=;:XCW

M-G-


E$VJ:711DU*KOR[]K6N





M$JQ

M?;:GW$\;*Q5M/-:0^^/?;;Q!$$]';5_55JRCZP\CJ$=!DTUI^AM\:MXI7;^/

$%```
M``@`T5E'1`BGGV_Q!@``&S@``!4`'`!A;'!I+3(P
3
Q
C


MM8]__OP3@K^+7R0)71/LCEJH0QW)\

M





O`$U5PJI6
J^R.+#__YC9)FIB5LT<'/V*7SD4C`1W%!$.G@]F<$8X[&/IJ(MKJ8!:$
MA4$G8-!=;U-DU$8'X)W/YLTJV/QPJDSP$JDR:S'4$D46AOV4Y6?:O-*E+^7%
MXKO4PK&(A!D#,P6]J=MBOR(#9/D7\MBNR?-S-T3][&XO?C;?3L^2$MAOED
M_-W6D3':(.ZO!31AV3F!5FU^O<191:UMHMYA


KHIB?0


CG)[:PQN






M&%#V$7R%7BCNT#/L(09Z=+[P4(#X@]7`7=2CQP@25N8_8J(2]GUT%R;G07!
MHJLH]_?W,J%W\)ZR6U]VZ';F;!HR!ZUM06^!6IIZJV\G'#D?1CPNTU5:__:
M[*M-\=$9J6I7ZW35]I8C!#`(_?4(ZE*-_U;JGSQ
;KOB8PQ]!#@=Q.\N?7S2

X

M

M)&Y)6E-J:?+2=QL)3U&P&?70$$V`^

S4H`BCI$@A%_
!DL1&OB3)0&K%BK



%^C


W)'
9V9S'


7
6D\X]C1
M0@\V`\R!-`!E/)M.&IKZB
6C/G)/&@$+


ME
/




M7OFU4&`2A\[1!?4+Z$N)'3P[S]'F!;^SL6FJ9.R:UK.A^H(S.*F-U@_B9POL

A@:
M%_K(Z(



AZON9\X4'B5*N=G8O=/`^-@W6


_L=\+CSM.F
[VF[&Z?9CJ)+
MRJDL:44YW6YG)P.3D

K^VA@#RWK`

MOAP'X3W^$D:?XV
1GW_'ZY-<3A&9?NHI[$M*8N\BYO*FH8,33E7KURI!?OK*#<[

MGE79/KLXI;]5A).'A-8_Q


S@:NZ['V(/87V'.M8(@W'JWFE&52BX])SK3DESE3.H#A
M3$=EG;

9FQ2;;4@LM0B2W!T*24

S,@B&1626C9@0(
M#;$R1N9










F$OCDD2
MMV!8-S(Z)4\HL#('KV(!!B*AK

9M31%3
MO'


R^ZQCM:N`ONM4O;H45O=!NUQ*NQ)@J]&2H/:4
M]@9*R%@T9`Q









JL*Z$E&`*5

^_E#9P54

;V#QQ9]G`ZMZ^68QO-
M)Z@8AJ1EY62^O!RLK/D
2*%HL5U@:7VPP)YL;X^JB=DI(DUQU8D@3Y^#X4@@

MAKW0T1`J)*2P@D=)79J%&:*N*T2EZ^:[3MN8]['T%'KT)]9W-Q'?W3(8?H
M(YQM!!LKK50=M:J=\0ZO2&:CKULV`LF+1*04EM0!T


_Y


T4;*:4V!H=`ZM5&BE\=&P`H.F5%ISTL)JC
Z.








M-F;;%.8HM0=7

P%`E$*=X-
M7Y+D-@2RWN\J)O/U.$Z\.YQ(9T?7C4SR(!98)J)J`88)H:PZ%=2(E1^%&0PH



7V.ZL8+

*$W:7
]+N\&3I(DLB[WB;\;/8D9(NV
M0*`^%R]N]/F`_.A4$M5/E\1G1JWM=#@WT2+\D];9D1L03+*LF@&Z!3%ES
M#2,W.434J*=\SB0(_W\

:9






Q8
N2






MSG]
`(46@\.CYT\4?3Z*R?5X7
5D5FO6ZXW:?V^N1_8]G(





M^X#PN/@`]W.VM-Y*=;X\(JCT(V)^02!E9A@&H&OV8(



M^H39PZHC%TR@&W;_C=/*D=;R


M(#3
0R%%:ATPK.08LVZ3M;_90E+I39.4GB2C3EW?0H(PD\#A*T]BI6\UE=3^

='J4!)*(`G$HBB<R92<A(:4$?

M?C8/%+$.]&$3VDB;#:8S3(03AZV&DDA\
`^)1(GU`7`;3%QD7[H8)
WZUUQO

A'2RZ)@XI990B
XY
M7Y01G.@2_8L)8@(FLN8^34.U5\_9CPM%P:D5AC63R
G(RGB)Z`QJ?:CG37
M[$%9Z^')=0X;^!-JV*M=]'9YR6)M:39UXJF@$Y1`):F0&PB$P)NCY=/=FV






)M!UB*A2]-&48BEI8Y:V
MV(I`]W9YD6AM*L$


EB'XJFE=L-=6=^



MNEP`BNQT7%*::R^ZW`\?H1+
P.EWB&;W/G1:+)L%

M4I@9(
L+7T3TU;]:5^1HKJBX-[#BD1QSWN`M*$3=B7[B7#LDU'0I%&CQD)

M.G`BP%Q






MLOQ7O2AG/R7B^






MJ\X


M

MCW:T
:68_JGWI+M841G9O


M:5HQ%+YHA%&`;D6@;5FX3-@VM6$H9%)G9
54VI:(RP1/?*&(UA?Y+
_RYHR&


XE
J

V%65/_@]02P
$%`````@`T5E'1-@'W(0R
M!@``ZB4``!$`'`!A;'!I+3(P
3
Q
C









P(4@]PKG)%JST#4C-2-C:9;[&0A@\J3\4T
M5E!U#\K%5(HE6!`K-0G(\IH;%EZ&DRDH8Q]]1$S'R6RT(JP4V-3S(KP2!*_
MQU['SS-!)(B)F;JPD#*F)%N8/!QX4;`?S]*47)9T(0/[*??XT`=`G=2@3

U!=WV_&.IJ(=3HQ9JL?PX1
M^@4ZLC?JS52?`







S/A


:9QJ(I$=3;+5-6.9V$4:7*B4H5L_Z#QCS-

!G!7J;J3
MO

*2B-%V1$\FF6$

M`^%```1`!@```````$```D@0````!A;'!I+3(P
3
Q
C
Q+GAM;%54!0`#



M
@``%0`8```````!````I($D'```86QP:2TR
#$S
3(S

M``-J!O52=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L!`AX#%`````@`T5E'1.0=N_R!%```

3
Q
C
Q7W!R92YX;6Q5

M``#J)0``$0`8```````!````I(%92```86QP:2TR
#$S
3(S


`
end











    
  
      

          

        

      






Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]
        


        
NOTE&#160;3.&#160;&#160;GOING
CONCERN

statements are prepared using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America applicable to a going concern
that contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has not
established any source of revenue to cover its operating costs. The Company will engage in very limited activities without incurring
any liabilities that must be satisfied in cash until a source of funding is secured. The Company will offer noncash consideration
and seek equity lines as a means of financing its operations. If the Company is unable to obtain revenue producing contracts or
financing or if the revenue or financing it does obtain is insufficient to cover any operating losses it may incur
 it may substantially
curtail or terminate its operations or seek other business opportunities through strategic alliances
 acquisitions or other arrangements
that may dilute the interests of existing stockholders.




        
          

        
          
            

 (b) the possible effects of such conditions and events
 (c) management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions and events and any mitigating factors
 (d) possible discontinuance of operations
 (e) management's plans (including relevant prospective financial information)
 and (f) information about the recoverability or classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts or classification of liabilities. If management's plans alleviate the substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern
 disclosure of the principal conditions and events that initially raised the substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern would be expected to be considered. Disclose whether operations for the current or prior years generated sufficient cash to cover current obligations
 whether waivers were obtained from creditors relating to the company's default under the provisions of debt agreements and possible effects of such conditions and events
 such as: whether there is a possible need to obtain additional financing (debt or equity) or to liquidate certain holdings to offset future cash flow deficiencies. Disclose appropriate parent company information when parent is dependent upon remittances from subsidiaries to satisfy its obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\R
3
W9#=E
5]B9&4S7S1E9F5?8C5B
E\P
&4T
M-#8Q-&-C
F



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\R,3,W9#=E,5]B9&4S7S1E9F5?8C5B,E\P
M,&4T-#8Q-&-C,F,-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
C$S
M-V0W93%?8F1E
U\T969E7V(U8C)?
#!E-#0V





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


M='


T0B5V]R:W-H


#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F


M/DY/5$5?
&-E

U]'3TE.1U]#3TY#15).

T0B5V]R

1$524U]%455)5%D\





M971S+U-H965T
3

M



O4VAE970Q-BYH=&UL






M7S(Q
S=D-V4Q7V)D93-?-&5F95]B-6(R7S`P930T-C$T8V
R8PT*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)



]

]


]

S`L(#(P
3




]



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



]




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@




]





]



M9VX]
T1T;W`^27


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^27,@
M16YT:71Y(&$@5F]L=6YT87)Y($9I;&5R/SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C


]

]
T1T97AT/B=.



]



]
M

]
T1T





#`L
M


]


]


]
T1T97AT



M
3
W9#=E
5]B9&4S7S1E9F5?8C5B
E\P
&4T-#8Q-&-C
F

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4



M13).04




]




]


]
M

]




($Q)04))3$E4



]



]




]
T1N=6UP/C$L



BPX
S

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&]T86P@4W1O8VMH;VQD97)SXH9($5Q=6ET

]
T1N=6T^*#$L
M.#

M/3-$=&]P/E1/5$%

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\R
3
W9#=E
5]B9&4S7S1E9F5?
M8C5B
E\P
&4T-#8Q-&-C
F

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




]




#`L
#`P+#`P


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M
M;6]N('-T;V-K+!S:&%R97
@:7-S=65D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L



]



]
T1N=6UP/C`\

S=D
M-V4Q7V)D93-?-&5F95]B-6(R7S`P930T-C$T8V






]

T1)1#!%5$A!



#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@






]

]




]





M17AP96YS97



]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#`P

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\R
3
W
M9#=E
5]B9&4S7S1E9F5?8C5B
E\P
&4T-#8Q-&-C
F



M='`M97%U:78]

]



]

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


M1DQ/5U




\+W1D/@T*

BPX
S

M06-C;W5N='

2PS
S

@:6X@=V]R

M+#`P




M

3U=3($923TT@24Y615-424Y'($%#5$E6
M251)15


]

#QS

]

]










]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#`P/'-P86X^

M;VYG/E-54%!




C$S-V0W93%?
M8F1E
U\T969E7V(U8C)?
#!E-#0V

O4VAE970P


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



M($%C8W5M=6QA=&5D($1E9FEC:70\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L

M/3-$=&]P/D)A;&%N8V4L(%9A;'5E(&%T($IU;BX@

3
\+W1D/@T*






]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PP



]
T1N=6UP/C$P
M+#`P

;W-S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

BPX
S

BPX
S


M92!A=!$96,N(#,Q+`R
#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$






M(&%T($1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3








M(#$N($]21T%.25I!5$E/3B!!3D0@1$530U))4%1)3TX@3T8@0E5324Y%4U
\







]

M

M9VEN.B`P(#`@

M(#


@;V8@=&AE(%-T871E(&]F($1E;&%W
M87)E(&]N($IU;F4@
3@L(#(P
3


M87



C$S-V0W93%?8F1E
M
U\T969E7V(U8C)?
#!E-#0V







M

M;'-P86X]

S$L(#(P
M
3






M:6XZ(#`@
`Q,'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CX\:3Y.3U1%
M(#(N)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[(%-534U!4ED-D]&(%-)1TY)1DE#04Y4($%#0T]5

24-)15

T0G9F]N
M=#H@



M5&EM97



N($%C8V]R9&EN




X
C$W.W
@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@

M;G

F(S@R



M.R!M87)G:6XZ(#`@



M87)G:6XZ(#`@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M



M


@;V8@87-S971S



M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CY);F-O
M;64@5&%X97


M:6YA;F-I86P@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'


M9F5R96YC97





M9F9E8W1S(&]F(&-H86YG97
@:6X@=&%X(&QA=W
@86YD(')A=&5S#0IO;B!T

2!M871E<FEA;`T*;W!E


T0G9F]N=#H@


;W-S*2!P97(-

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@




T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@


M9&%R9'

#MD


M:6-A;G0@:6UP86-T(&]N('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W








]


]

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0O;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@

@87)E


M97

M;V8@;&EA8FEL:71I97






@87
@

N($EF('1H92!#


M9FEN86YC:6YG(&ET(&1O97


@;W!E

@
M=&AR;W5G:!S=')A=&5G:6,@86QL:6%N8V5S+!A8W%U:7-I=&EO;G
@;W(@



C$S-V0W93%?8F1E
U\T
M969E7V(U8C)?
#!E-#0V
31C8S)C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+S(Q
S=D-V4Q7V)D93-?-&5F95]B-6(R7S`P930T-C$T8V
R8R]7



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5
13X-B`@(`@(#QT

M(&-O;'-P86X]

S$L
M(#(P
3



]
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0O;F]R
M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M05)462!44D%.4T%#5$E/3E

T0G
M9F]N=#H@







2PP
#`L




2P@
C`Q
R!T:&4@8F%L86YC92!O9@T*=&AE($1U


S=D-V4Q7V)D93-?-&5F
M95]B-6(R7S`P930T-C$T8V






]

T1)1#!%3$4^#0H@(`@(`\='(^

M;CTS1#$^-B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q
SQB

]


]
T1P

]

M;VYT.B`Q

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@


@:7-S=65D(#$P
M+#`P

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@

@;V8@
M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3


3L@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q,G!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#

M9GD[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M9GD[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M8VLL(0@,XP

3`P+#`P




34E)SXF(S$V
M



M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@


X

#`P
2!P87(@=F%L=64Z(#4L
M
#`P+#`P


T0G
'0M

3)P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0G9F]N=#H@




3
W9#=E
5]B
M9&4S7S1E9F5?8C5B
E\P
&4T-#8Q-&-C
F

M;G0]

2!R



@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]


]


]



M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
C$S-V0W93%?8F1E
U\T969E7V(U8C)?
M
#!E-#0V

O4VAE970Q
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]



@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]


M(%-50E-%455%3E0@159%3E13/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

T0G9F]N=#H@


M.B`Q

T0G9F]N=#H@
3%P

@=7`@=&\@86YD(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!&96)R=6%R



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\R
3
W9#=E
5]B9&4S7S1E9F5?8C5B
M
E\P
&4T-#8Q-&-C
F

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J



M4ED@3T8@4TE'3DE&24-!3E0@04-#3U5.5$E.1R!03TQ)0TE%4R`H4&]L:6-I
M97


]
M


T0G9F]N=#H@
M



M97



N($%C8V]R9&EN9VQY




X
C$W.W
@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@8F4@

L

F(S@R





M.R!M87)G:6XZ(#`@



M87)G:6XZ(#`@


]


]

'!T

M.B`P(#`@

M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M





M='








M:79A;&5N='



]




'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY);F-O;64@=&%X97
@





@9G)O;2!T:&4@





M(&5F9F5C='



@;W(@8F5N969I='
@

]



M:6XZ(#`@
`Q,'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CY87-I8R!%


M5&EM97





M;6UO;B!S=&]C:RX@05-#(#(V


M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(#`@
`Q,'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY87-I8R!N970@;&]S







3!P=#L@


C$S
M-V0W93%?8F1E
U\T969E7V(U8C)?
#!E-#0V
31C8S)C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S(Q
S=D-V4Q7V)D93-?-&5F95]B-6(R7S`P
M930T-C$T8V





^+RH@1&\@


$4R

]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



]
T1R;SX-

L('9A;'5E/]T9#X-B`@




]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#`P


]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


C$S-V0W
M93%?8F1E
U\T969E7V(U8C)?
#!E-#0V
31C8S)C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S(Q
S=D-V4Q7V)D93-?-&5F95]B-6(R7S`P930T
M-C$T8V



^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5/2T%#

M/3-$


M4R!%455)5%D@*$1E=&%I;'

T0Q

S$L(#(P
3


@17%U:71Y($1E=&%I;'



\+W1D/@T*






]

]
T1N=6UP/C$P
PP,#`L,#`P/'-P86X^/]S


]
M
T1N=6UP/C$P+#`P


]

#`L
M





]
T1N
M=6UP/C4L
#`P+#`P

]
T1P



]



;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\R
3
W9#=E
5]B9&4S7S1E9F5?8C5B
E\P
&4T
M-#8Q-&-C
F



M92(^#0H@/&\Z36%I;D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1(N+B]7;W)K8F]O:RYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970P
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

T0B4VAE970P.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#$Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,BYH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
38N:'1M

S=D-V4Q7V)D93-?
:-&5F95]B-6(R7S`P930T-C$T8V
R8RTM#0H`
`
end











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
NOTE 2.&#160;&#160; SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Basis of Presentation - Development
Stage Company

revenue from operations. Accordingly
 the Company&#8217;s activities have been accounted for as those of a &#8220;Development Stage
Company&#8221; as set forth in Financial Accounting Standards Board ASC 915. Among the disclosures required by ASC 915 are that
the Company&#8217;s financial statements be identified as those of a development stage company
 and that the statements of operations
stockholders&#8217; equity and cash flows disclose activity since the date of the Company&#8217;s inception.


statements are prepared using the accrual method of accounting. The Company has elected a fiscal year ending on December 31.


statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. In the opinion of management
 all adjustments
necessary in order to make the financial statements not misleading have been included. Actual results could differ from those estimates.


liquid investments with maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.


accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ASC 740 Accounting for Income Taxes. A deferred tax asset or liability
is recorded for all temporary differences between financial and tax reporting and net operating loss carry forwards. Deferred tax
expense (benefit) results from the net change during the year of deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets are reduced
by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred
tax assets will be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates
on the date of enactment. There were no current or deferred Income tax expenses or benefits due to the Company not having any material
operations for period ended December 31
 2013.
Basic Earnings (Loss) per
Share

 the FASB issued
ASC 260
 &#8220;Earnings per Share&#8221;
 which specifies the computation
 presentation and disclosure requirements for earnings
(loss) per share for entities with publicly held common stock. ASC 260 supersedes the provisions of APB No. 15
 and requires the
presentation of basic earnings (loss) per share and diluted earnings (loss) per share. The Company has adopted the provisions of
ASC 260 effective (inception).

is computed by dividing the net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share
are the same as basic earnings per share due to the lack of dilutive items in the Company.


the adoption of recently issued accounting pronouncements to have a significant impact on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
financial position
 or cash flow.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          







        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        

333


        
        


        

833


        

833


        
        


        
        


        

000


        

833)


        

833)


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          


          


          


          



Balance
 Value at Jun. 17
 2013
        
        
        


Shares issued for services
 value

000
        

000


Shares issued for services
 shares

000
000
        

000
000


        
        

833)

833)


Balance
 Value at Dec. 31
 2013

000

833)

833)


Balance
 Shares at Dec. 31
 2013

000
000
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
  
      

          

        

      






Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]
        


        
NOTE 1.&#160;&#160; ORGANIZATION
AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS

was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on June 18
 2013 and has been inactive since inception. The Company intends
to serve as a vehicle to effect an asset acquisition
 merger
 exchange of capital stock or other business combination with a domestic
or foreign business.




        
          

        
          
            

 the major products or services it sells or provides and its principal markets
 including the locations of those markets. If the entity operates in more than one business
 the disclosure also indicates the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination (for example
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          







        
        


Common stock
 par value
        


Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


Common stock
 shares issued

000
000


Preferred stock
 par value
        


Preferred stock
 shares authorized

000
000


Preferred stock
 issued
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

				 2013
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        

000
000
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        

833


        

833


        

833)


        
        


        

000
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 general and administrative expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


to disclose during the period ended December 31
 2013.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
NOTE&#160;5.&#160;&#160;&#160;SHAREHOLDER&#8217;S
EQUITY

 the Board of
Directors issued 10
000
000 shares of common stock for $1
000 in services to the founding shareholder of the Company.

section of the Company contains the following classes of capital stock as of December 31
 2013:


    
    
Common stock
 $ 0.0001 par value: 100
000
000 shares authorized; 10
000
000 shares issued and outstanding

    
    
    

    
    
Preferred stock
 $ 0.0001 par value: 5
000
000 shares authorized; but not issued and outstanding.

    
    
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
(e))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Stock issued in exchange for services
 value

000


Stock issued in exchange for services
 shares

000
000


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
NOTE 7.&#160;&#160;SUBSEQUENT
EVENTS

Management
has evaluated subsequent events up to and including February 4
 2014 which is the date the statements were available for issuance
and determined there are no reportable subsequent events.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Basis of Presentation - Development
Stage Company

revenue from operations. Accordingly
 the Company&#8217;s activities have been accounted for as those of a &#8220;Development Stage
Company&#8221; as set forth in Financial Accounting Standards Board ASC 915. Among the disclosures required by ASC 915 are that
the Company&#8217;s financial statements be identified as those of a development stage company
 and that the statements of operations
stockholders&#8217; equity and cash flows disclose activity since the date of the Company&#8217;s inception.


        
        

statements are prepared using the accrual method of accounting. The Company has elected a fiscal year ending on December 31.


        
        

statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. In the opinion of management
 all adjustments
necessary in order to make the financial statements not misleading have been included. Actual results could differ from those estimates.


        
        

liquid investments with maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.


        
        

accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ASC 740 Accounting for Income Taxes. A deferred tax asset or liability
is recorded for all temporary differences between financial and tax reporting and net operating loss carry forwards. Deferred tax
expense (benefit) results from the net change during the year of deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets are reduced
by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred
tax assets will be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates
on the date of enactment. There were no current or deferred Income tax expenses or benefits due to the Company not having any material
operations for period ended December 31
 2013.


        
Basic Earnings (Loss) per
Share

 the FASB issued
ASC 260
 &#8220;Earnings per Share&#8221;
 which specifies the computation
 presentation and disclosure requirements for earnings
(loss) per share for entities with publicly held common stock. ASC 260 supersedes the provisions of APB No. 15
 and requires the
presentation of basic earnings (loss) per share and diluted earnings (loss) per share. The Company has adopted the provisions of
ASC 260 effective (inception).

is computed by dividing the net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share
are the same as basic earnings per share due to the lack of dilutive items in the Company.


        
        

the adoption of recently issued accounting pronouncements to have a significant impact on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
financial position
 or cash flow.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the length of the fiscal period
 any reporting period lag between the entity and its subsidiaries
 or equity investees. If a reporting lag exists
 the closing date of the entity having a different period end is generally noted
 along with an explanation of the necessity for using different closing dates. Any intervening events that materially affect the entity's financial position or results of operations are generally also disclosed.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Stock issued in exchange for services
 shares

000
000


Stock issued in exchange for services
 value

000


Common stock
 par value
        


Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


Common stock
 shares issued

000
000


Common stock
 shares outstanding

000
000


Preferred stock
 par value
        


Preferred stock
 shares authorized

000
000


Preferred stock
 issued
        


Preferred stock
 outstanding
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        

833)


        

333


        

000


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        

000


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


has performed services for the Company during the period the value of which was $1
000
 in exchange for 10
000
000 shares of common
stock. The officer and director of the Company paid operating expenses for the Company
 as of December 31
 2013 the balance of
the Due To Related Party was $500.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  





