

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001515971-15-000074
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		11
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20141231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20150324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20150323
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			iSatori
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000741114
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DAIRY PRODUCTS [2020]
		IRS NUMBER:				752422983
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11900
		FILM NUMBER:		15720122
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15000 W 6TH AVE.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 202
		CITY:			GOLDEN
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		303-215-9174
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15000 W 6TH AVE.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 202
		CITY:			GOLDEN
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80401
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INTEGRATED SECURITY SYSTEMS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930419








iSATORI
Washington
For the fiscal year ended December 31
iSATORI
15000 W 6th Avenue
 Suite 202
 Golden
(Registrant&#146;s telephone number
Common Stock
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to item 405 of Regulation S-K (&#167;229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of the registrant&#146;s knowledge
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of &#147;large accelerated filer&#148;
s common stock held by non-affiliates on June 30
 2014
 computed by reference to the price at which the common stock was last sold as posted on the OTCQB
 was $3
359
As of March 18
 2015
 13
373
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains &#147;forward-looking statements&#148; as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of any statements containing the words &#147;anticipate
&#148; &#147;intend
&#148; &#147;believe
&#148; &#147;estimate
&#148; &#147;project
&#148; &#147;expect
&#148; &#147;plan
&#148; &#147;should&#148; or similar expressions are intended to identify such statements. Forward- looking statements included in this report relate to
 among other things
 expected future production
 expenses and cash flows in 2015 and beyond
 the nature
 timing and results of capital expenditure projects
 amounts of future capital expenditures
 our plans with respect to potential future acquisitions and our future debt levels and liquidity. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable
 those expectations may prove to be incorrect. Disclosure of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations
 or cautionary statements
 are included under the heading &#147;Risk Factors&#148; in this report. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us
 or persons acting on our behalf
 are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements. Except as required by law
 we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations include
 among others
increased competition in our industry
 resulting reductions in prices that would adversely affect our revenue
 income
unfavorable publicity or consumer perception of our products
 including actual or threatened litigation
failure to comply with FDA
 FTC
the incurrence of material product liability claims
 which could increase our costs and adversely affect our reputation
 revenues
product recalls
the occurrence of natural disasters
 unforeseen weather conditions
changes in U.S. GAAP or in the legal
You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement
 each of which applies only as of the date of this report. Except as required by law
Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity
Directors
Exhibits
iSatori is a consumer products firm who develops and sells proprietary nutritional products in the sports performance
 weight loss and energy markets through on-line marketing
 distributors and thousands of retail stores domestically and around the world. iSatori became a publically traded company on June 29
 2012. &nbsp;iSatori is headquartered in Golden
 Colorado and its stock symbol is &#147;IFIT.&#148; Except as otherwise indicated by the context
 all references in this report to &#147;we
&#148; &#147;us
&#148; &#147;our
&#148; the &#147;Company
&#148; &#147;IFIT
&#148; and &#147;iSatori&#148; refer to iSatori
iSatori is engaged in researching
 designing
 developing
 contracting for the manufacture of
 marketing
 selling and distributing of various nutritional and dietary supplement products for the general nutrition market consumer seeking a healthier lifestyle. The &#147;general nutrition market&#148; may include such activities as bodybuilding or physique enhancement (i.e.
 increase of lean body mass and decrease in fat mass); enhanced athletic performance through increased strength and/or endurance; and proper nutrition for weight management. iSatori distributes its products to thousands of retail stores
 both domestically and in some international countries. Those retail stores include and/or have included outlets such as GNC
 Vitamin Shoppe
 Vitamin World
 Walmart
 Walgreens
 and other Fortune 500 companies
 augmented by internet sales through various online properties. The Company&#146;s core competencies include the development of new
 innovative products
 supported by creative
 yet effective sales and marketing programs
Led by industry veteran Stephen Adel&#233;
 who turned a $50
000 personal investment into a multi-million dollar Company
 along with a highly experienced management team (most of whom came from their prior employer together
 EAS
 Inc)
 iSatori now employs 24 full-time
 and four contracted workers. iSatori leverages a unique product development process to bring to market some of the industry's leading and most technologically advanced dietary supplement products. Many of the Company&#146;s products are the subject of trademarks
 trade dress
 or patents
 owned by the Company or licensed from its inventors and distributed throughout the world. Further separating itself from competitors
 iSatori funds independent clinical studies to discover new
 efficacious products for the Company&#146;s markets and satisfy consumer&#146;s need for increased performance
Sports nutritionals
 including powder and pill forms
 are a $4.5 billion market
growing around 13% annually
 and comprise nutritional ingredients and diet as it relates to bodybuilding
 fitness and improving athletic performance. Sports nutrition&#146;s primary goal is to enhance performance. First
 it seeks to improve performance by seeking to improve body composition (e.g.
 muscle definition and loss of excess body fat)
 in order to increase speed
 quickness
 mobility
 and strength. Second
 sports nutritionals seek to help the speed of recovery from workouts in order to create more capacity for practicing and competition as the body is becoming more fit and adjusted to the coupling of the good nutrition incorporated into the workout regimen. Types of sports nutritional supplements marketed by iSatori include its category defining Bio-Active Peptides product (Bio-Gro&#153;)
 advanced branched-chain amino acids powder with Methiomax&#153; (Amino-AMP&#153;)
 beta-alanine to delay muscle fatigue (Morph&#174;)
 post-workout recovery (RestorAid&#153;)
 creatine (3-XL&#153;)
 natural testosterone booster in both pill and powder form (Isa-Test&#153; and Isa-Test DA3&#153;)
Energy products
 including energy and sports drinks and shots
are an approximately $17.1 billion market
 growing at 3.5% annually. iSatori&#146;s energy supplements
 Energize and Energize Bullets&#153;
 are tablets and drinks whose primary purpose is to safely &#147;boost energy
&#148; provided by a combination of time-released caffeine
 vitamins
 and herbal formulations. The growth of the Energy Products supplement category has more recently been fueled by the introduction of category-leading &#147;energy shots
Meal replacement protein (&#147;MRPs&#148;)
weight loss and nutritional bars
 are a $6.9 billion market
 growing at 11.6% annually. MRPs are either pre-packaged powdered drink mixes or edible bars
 designed to replace prepared meals or serve as a healthy snack. MRPs
 such as iSatori&#146;s Eat-Smart&#174; branded bars and powders are high in protein
 high in fiber
 gluten free
 have a moderate amount of carbohydrates
 and contain a wide array of vitamins and minerals. The majority of MRPs use protein as the basis for their formula. A broad range of people
 from trained athletes to everyday busy people
 consume meal replacement protein supplements for a variety of reasons
 namely to replace a traditionally unhealthy meal or snack with a healthy
Weight loss (pill-form) products are a $2.0 billion market
annually. Methods to promote weight loss by using nutritional supplements are generally divided into four categories: thermogenics (calorie expenditure)
 appetite suppressants
 carbohydrate and/or fat-blocker
 and those that cause behavior &#147;mood&#148; modification. iSatori has a strong history of marketing weight loss products. Some of the more popular weight loss supplements marketed by iSatori include Garcinia Trim
 Meratrim&#174; Platinum+
 DygloTrim with patented Dyglomera &#174;
 Sinetrim&#153; with Sinetrol&#174;
 hCG Activator&#153;
 Curvelle&#153;
The majority of the nutritional supplements iSatori sells are marketed under the iSatori brand
 and the majority of the weight loss products under the BioGenetics Laboratories brand. These brands focus on supplements that iSatori believes are in high demand as well as specialty niche and proprietary formulations that iSatori believes could have strong margins. These supplements include specialty formulas
 combined with proprietary delivery technologies
iSatori&#146;s attempts to position its products for extended product lifecycles as well as attempting to introduce new products. In 2013 and 2014
 iSatori&#146;s BioGenetic Laboratories line
 which includes products such as Garcinia Trim
 Meratrim&#174; Platinum +
 DygloTrim with patented Dyglomera &#174;
 Sinetrim&#153; with Sinetrol&#174;
 and hCG Activator&#153; became leading weight loss products in specialty retailers
 such as GNC. Other leading products include the fast growing Bio-Gro&#153; groups
 a category defining sports nutritional product designed to enhance recovery and lean body mass
iSatori&#146;s products are designed to appeal to a variety of demographic groups
 including those seeking to lose weight
 improve their workout or athletic performance
 increase their energy levels
 and those who want to eat healthier using tasty
 convenient meal replacement options. Each product is developed with a proprietary formula and
 if appropriate
 a customized and/or unique delivery system. iSatori further differentiates its products by conducting clinical trials on many of its products
 where it considers appropriate. To date
 twelve scientific clinical studies
 using the randomized
 double-blind
 placebo-controlled method (the &#147;gold standard&#148; of research) have been performed on iSatori products
 and additional studies are currently under consideration. Each of these studies was funded either partially or entirely by iSatori and sample sizes ranged from 5 to 42 individual participants. These studies have produced scientific abstracts and then subsequently either been presented at scientific conferences or published in peer-reviewed scientific journals
online direct marketing system
 as well as through wholesalers
 specialty
 online-only
 grocery
 convenience
 partners. Through established distribution channel networks
 iSatori has created channel access to over 120
000 domestic and international retail locations. iSatori products are currently sold in over 24
000 retail locations
 and have confirmation they will be gaining new
 additional retail distribution in the coming year. iSatori creates marketing
 promotion
iSatori
 in some cases
 utilizes independent brokers
 who work in conjunction with iSatori&#146;s experienced sales employees and management to oversee the grocery
 drug and mass market channels. iSatori sells its products to mass-market merchandisers either directly or through distributors of nutritional supplement products. Major distributor
 grocery
 drug
 convenience
products are well researched
 premium and will oftentimes cost more than other competitive products; however
iSatori believes that it provides retailers in its distribution channels with services and products tailored to meet their individual business needs. In its mass -market distribution channel
 iSatori&#146;s managers and independent brokers work with corporate buyers focusing on new products
 special promotional activities and brand and category awareness in order to attempt to increase the amount of consumer purchases of its products. The objective of these activities is to build strong relationships with retailing partners
supplements. As such
 its core strategy has been to build brands within its channels of distribution that are appropriate for each product brand and to develop increased brand awareness and strong brand recognition among consumers seeking products with a reputation for quality and innovation. iSatori has utilized social media campaigns
 coupons
 print
 radio
 online and television advertising
In addition
 iSatori&#146;s conventional distribution marketing and its proprietary internet marketing strategy are designed to increase awareness of proprietary brands and drive targeted traffic to iSatori&#146;s websites to make purchases. Through iSatori&#146;s online marketing system
 its network affiliates use a multi-channel approach which includes search engine marketing
 email campaigns
. The nutritional supplements market is large
 growing
iSatori competes with a variety of nutritional supplement companies operating in one or more distribution channels
 including retail stores
 online commerce
 direct distribution or direct selling. In addition
 packaged food and beverage companies
 and large pharmaceutical companies compete in the same space
Nutritional supplements sales are highly competitive with vendors competing vigorously to defend their positions within each market account. Many specialty retailers emphasize their own in -house private label brand
 which creates additional competition. Some retailers have more than one private label brand. Vendors to the mass-market retailers continually analyze their own shelf space as well as that of their competitors in an effort to maximize profits for themselves and the mass-market retailer. The result is a cycle in which companies remove slower selling products from store shelves
iSatori believes it can compete favorably based on its management team&#146;s prior experience combined with the principal competitive factors in its market
 which include product innovation and quality
 effectiveness
 scientific evidence
Manufacturing
 Raw Materials and Principal Suppliers
 within the United States and Canada. Each contract manufacturer is required by iSatori to maintain the highest standards in GMP (Good Manufacturing Practices)-certification and/or compliance of quality control consistent with federal regulatory guidelines and to manufacture iSatori products according to iSatori&#146;s strict specifications. In most cases
 contract manufacturers purchase the raw materials based on iSatori&#146;s specifications; however
 from time to time
 iSatori will license particular raw material ingredients and supply its own source to the manufacturer. Once produced
 in addition to in-house testing performed by the contract manufacturer
 iSatori may also perform independent analysis and testing. The contract manufacturer ships the finished product to distributors
 customers or iSatori&#146;s central fulfillment center in Denver
 Colorado. iSatori has implemented vendor qualification programs for all of its suppliers and manufacturers
 including analytical testing of purchased products. As part of the vendor program
. iSatori regards intellectual property
 including its trademarks
 service marks
URL (domains) and other proprietary rights
 as valuable assets and part of their revered brand equity. iSatori believes that protecting such intellectual property is crucial to its business strategy. iSatori pursues registrations of the registrable trademarks
 service marks and patents
 associated with its key products in the United States
 Canada
iSatori formulates its products using proprietary ingredient formulations
 flavorings and delivery systems. To further protect its product formulations and flavors
 iSatori enters into agreements with manufacturers which provide exclusivity to certain products formulations and delivery technologies. When appropriate
. iSatori&#146;s operations have been historically subject to minor seasonality
 during the fourth fiscal quarter (October
 November and December)
The research
 development
 manufacture
 processing
 packaging
 labeling
 distribution
 sale
 advertising
 and promotion of the Company&#146;s products
 and disposal of waste products arising from these activities
 are subject to regulation by one or more federal agencies and their state equivalents
 including the Food and Drug Administration (&#147;FDA&#148;)
 the Federal Trade Commission (&#147;FTC&#148;)
 the Environmental Protection Agency (&#147;EPA&#148;)
 the U.S. Department of Agriculture (&#147;USDA&#148;)
 and the Consumer Product Safety Commission (&#147;CPSC&#148;)
. FDA regulates almost all aspects of the manufacturing
 packaging
 labeling
 holding
sale
 and distribution of food and nutritional supplement products. The agency has broad regulatory authority in this domain
 as well as a host of enforcement tools to ensure regulatory compliance. The FDA has the authority to conduct facility inspections
 issue inspectional observations
 and issue enforcement letters regarding non-compliance (called &#147;untitled letters&#148; and &#147;warning letters&#148;). The agency also has the power to publicize regulatory violations
 to recall products that pose serious health hazards
 and to pursue enforcement actions in federal courts
 including product seizures
 injunctions
 or criminal prosecutions. The FDA Food Safety Modernization Act (&#147;FSMA&#148;) has increased FDA&#146;s authority with respect to food safety. As the agency implements this law
The FDA regulates food under the FDCA and its implementing regulations. Food must be manufactured in accordance with current Good Manufacturing Practices (&#147;cGMP&#148;)
 a stringent set of regulations that prescribe extensive process controls on the manufacture
 holding
 labeling
 packaging
 and distribution of dietary supplements. FDA imposes specific requirements for the labels and labeling of food and nutritional supplements
 including the requirements of the Food Allergen Labeling and Consumer Protection Act of 2004 (&#147;FALCPA&#148;)
FDA regulates nutritional supplements (which are called &#147;dietary supplements&#148; under U.S. law) principally under the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act of 1994
 or DSHEA. DSHEA defines dietary supplements as vitamins
 minerals
 herbs
 other botanicals
 amino acids and other dietary substances for human use to supplement the diet
 as well as concentrates
 metabolites
 constituents
 extracts or combinations of such dietary ingredients. Generally
 under DSHEA
 dietary ingredients that were on the market before October 15
 1994 may be used in dietary supplements without notifying FDA. However
 a dietary ingredient that was not marketed in the United States before October 15
 1994 must be the subject of a notification submitted to FDA unless the ingredient has been present in the food supply as an article used for food and has not been chemically altered. A new dietary ingredient notification must provide FDA evidence of a history of use or other evidence of safety
DSHEA permits statements of nutritional support to be included in labeling for dietary supplements without FDA pre-approval. Such statements may describe how a particular dietary ingredient affects the structure or function of the body or general well-being
 but may not state that a dietary supplement will diagnose
 cure
 mitigate
 treat
 or prevent a disease unless such claim has been reviewed and approved by FDA. A company that uses a statement of nutritional support in labeling must possess evidence substantiating that the statement is truthful and not misleading. In some circumstances it is necessary to disclose on the label that FDA has not evaluated the statement
 to disclose the product is not intended to diagnose
 treat
 cure or prevent a disease
On December 1-2
 2014 the FDA conducted an inspection of the Company&#146;s warehouse and operations. At the conclusion of the inspection a Form 483 was provided to the Company with four minor observations regarding the establishment of specific written procedures for quality control returns process
. The FTC exercises jurisdiction over the advertising of various products
 including food and dietary supplements. In recent years
. The Company is also subject to regulation under various state and local laws that include provisions governing
 among other things
 the formulation
 manufacturing
 packaging
 labeling
 advertising and distribution of dietary supplements and over-the-counter drugs. For example
 Proposition 65 in the State of California sets forth a list of substances that are deemed ones that pose a risk of carcinogenicity or birth defects. If any such ingredient is contained in a nutritional supplement
In addition
 from time to time in the future
 the Company may become subject to additional laws or regulations administered by the FDA
 the FTC
 or by other federal
 state or local regulatory authorities
 to the repeal of laws or regulations that the Company generally considers favorable
 such as DSHEA
 or to more stringent interpretations of current laws or regulations. The Company is neither able to predict the nature of such future laws
 regulations
 repeals or interpretations
 nor what effect additional governmental regulation
 if and when it occurs
 would have on its business in the future. Such developments could
 however
 require reformulation of certain products to meet new standards
 recalls or discontinuance of certain products not able to be reformulated
 additional record-keeping requirements
 increased documentation of the properties of certain products
 additional or different labeling
 additional scientific substantiation
. Government regulations in foreign countries may prevent or delay the introduction
 or require the reformulation
 of certain products. When entering new markets
 the company may be required to obtain an approval
. The Company is also subject to federal and state consumer protection laws
 including laws protecting the privacy of consumer non-public information and regulations prohibiting unfair and deceptive acts and trade practices. In particular
 under federal and state financial privacy laws and regulations
With limited exceptions
Furthermore
There is currently uncertainty in many states whether or how existing laws governing issues such as property ownership
 sales and other taxes
 and libel and personal privacy apply to the Internet and commercial online retailers. These issues may take years to resolve. For example
 tax authorities in a number of states
 as well as a Congressional advisory commission
 are currently reviewing the appropriate tax treatment of companies engaged in online commerce
 and new state tax regulations may subject the Company to additional state sales and income taxes. New legislation or regulation
 the application of laws and regulations from jurisdictions whose laws do not currently apply to our business
iSatori currently employs 24 full-time
 and four contracted workers. Additionally
 from time to time
 iSatori utilizes the contracted services of temporary employees
 fulfillment
iSatori files annual
 quarterly and other reports and other information with the SEC. You can read these SEC filings and reports over the Internet at the SEC&#146;s website at www.sec.gov. You can also obtain copies of the documents at prescribed rates by writing to the Public Reference Section of the SEC at 100 F Street
 NE
 Washington
 DC 20549 on official business days between the hours of 10:00 am and 3:00 pm. Please call the SEC at (800) SEC-0330 for further information on the operations of the public reference facilities. iSatori will provide a copy of its annual report to security holders
 including audited financial statements
 at no charge upon receipt of a written request to the Company at 15000 W 6th Avenue
 Suite 202
 Golden
 iSatori regards intellectual property
 including its trademarks
 service marks
 website URL (domains) and other proprietary rights
 as valuable assets. iSatori believes that protecting such intellectual property is crucial to its business strategy. iSatori pursues registrations of the registrable trademarks
 service marks and patents
 associated with its key products in the United States
 Canada
iSatori formulates the products using proprietary ingredient formulations
 flavoring and delivery systems. To further protect its product formulations and flavors
 iSatori enters into agreements with manufacturers which provide exclusivity to certain products formulations and delivery technologies. When appropriate
. iSatori currently leases 10
44 square feet of office space at 15000 W. 6th Avenue
 Suite 202
 Golden
 Colorado 80401
 where its principal officers are located. iSatori also leases 17
426 square feet of space at 6200 North Washington Street
 Unit 10
 Denver
The Company is engaged in various legal actions
 claims and proceedings arising in the normal course of business
 including claims related to breach of contracts
 product liabilities and intellectual property matters resulting from the Company&#146;s business activities. As with most actions such as these
On May 17
 2013 and on January 31
 2014 the Company received demand letters from the Environmental Research Corporation
 &#147;ERC&#148; requesting substantiation of compliance with the State of California&#146;s Proposition 65 regulations for ten of its products. &nbsp;In October
 while the Company was awaiting the results of the compliance testing
 ERC contacted the Company again requesting settlement to their initial demand letter. And in February 2014
 before compliance testing or any other demand letter validation was completed
 ERC contacted the Company again requesting settlement to their second demand letter. After many discussions with ERC
 a lawsuit was filed by ERC for the non-compliance issues with the State of California&#146; Proposition 65 regulations. &nbsp;After many conversations and mediation attempts
 both parties have agreed to a settlement
 which has been approved by the iSatori Board of Directors. &nbsp;The documents are currently being generated for presentation to the California Court. &nbsp;Once accepted by the court
On March 24
 2014 the Company received a summons in a civil action filed by Wise Sports Nutrition
 LLC claiming alleged trademark infringement for iSatori&#146;s
 Garcinia Trim product. Company counsel has made contact with the plaintiff&#146;s attorney and filed a response to the alleged trademark infringement with the Company&#146;s counterclaims. The Company believes the counterclaims have strong merit and are pursuing their defense. Both parties have prepared responses and presented them to the court. &nbsp;The court has recently ruled in favor of iSatori and its filing of a motion for summary judgment. &nbsp;As a result of this ruling the trademark has been ruled as &#147;descriptive&#148; and therefore not eligible for trademark assignment. &nbsp;iSatori has been contacted by the former plaintiff in this case to discuss a favorable settlement with iSatori. &nbsp;Settlement discussions will get underway promptly. &nbsp;&nbsp;The Company believes now that a favorable condition exists for settlement but it is too early in the settlement proceedings to make a determination of the outcome. Therefore
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#146;S COMMON EQUITY
The following table shows
 for the periods indicated
First Quarter through March 16
On March 17
 2015
The Company has not declared any dividends and does not plan to declare any dividends in the foreseeable future. The Company currently intends to retain earnings
 if any
The following table provides information about securities that have been issued or are issuable under equity compensation plans as of December 31
Options
Options
90
405
640
50
81
168
812
624
The following Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of the financial results and condition of iSatori
 Inc. (collectively
 &#147;we
&#148; &#147;us
&#148; &#147;our
&#148; &#147;iSatori&#148; or the &#147;Company&#148;) for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 contains forward-looking statements that involve risks
 uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors
 including
 but not limited to
iSatori is a consumer products firm who develops and sells proprietary nutritional products in the sports performance
 weight loss and energy markets through on-line marketing
 distributors and thousands of retail stores domestically and around the world. iSatori became a publically traded company on June 29
 2012. &nbsp;iSatori is headquartered in Golden
Following an industry wide downturn in diet/weight reduction sales in the second half of 2014
 the Company moved to aggressively reorient its focus on sports fitness products
 where it was experiencing the most significant growth opportunities. Even prior to the downturn
 iSatori had recognized the opportunities for growth in the sports fitness arena
 led by its invention and patent-pending &#147;Bio-active Peptides
&#148; and had begun developing plans to exploit this potentially explosive revenue opportunity. &nbsp;Beginning in 3Q 2014
During the fourth quarter of 2014
In line with its increased focus on the sports nutrition segments of its business
 in January of 2015
 the Company introduced two products to complement its growing Bio-Gro product line within in sports nutrition assortment.&nbsp; Pre-Gro&#153; is a pre-workout powder designed to deliver a high energy
 muscle-building workout experience. Fortified with iSatori&#146;s own patent-pending creation
 clinically tested Bio-Gro&#153; Bio-Active Peptides and HydroMax&#174; patented
 stabilized glycerol to provide a noticeable muscle pump effect
 combined of which will help users trigger new muscular growth from a more intense workout. Pre-Gro&#153; currently is available in four flavors (Artic Blue Razz
 Delicious Fruit Punch
 Cherry Limeade
 and Lemon Drop Supreme) and more are anticipated to be released during the year. Distribution for Pre-Gro was secured for the Company&#146;s primary channels
 such as GNC
 Vitamin Shoppe
 Vitamin World
 Europa Sports Wholesalers
 Bodybuilding.com and other retailers and international markets will be shipped as product is made available.&nbsp; The second product innovation from iSatori
 Hyper-Gro&#153; is a lean muscle mass gainer shake mix that contains an exclusive 5-Phase Instantized Protein Blend with beef protein isolate as its number one source. Hyper-Gro&#153; is also fortified with clinically tested Bio-Gro&#153; Bio-Active Peptides to help maximize lean muscle growth
 without adding fat weight.&nbsp; Hyper-Gro&#153; is currently available in four flavors (Chocolate Cream
 Smooth Vanilla
 Strawberry Swirl
 and Cookies &amp; Cream)
to be filled with future production runs. The Company expects to fill those product order back logs prior to the end of 1Q 2015
In January 2015
 iSatori partnered in distribution with Sportika Export (based in Connecticut) the largest U.S. dietary supplement exporter in the world. Lead by industry veterans Richard White and Barry Griffing
 with their expertise in export of sports supplements and wide distribution into over 130+ countries
 the Company expects to gain new international distribution in the coming year through this new
In February 2015
 the Company shipped the opening orders of its Energize 28-count tablet to CVS Health drug stores for national distribution.&nbsp;The Company also received initial purchase orders from Rite-Aid drug stores for their Energize product in February
 which would expand distribution in Rite-Aid drug stores
 from partial to full national distribution. These customer acquisitions will increase iSatori&#146;s retail footprint by adding over 11
000+ retail stores to its domestic distribution &#150; increasing the Company&#146;s ACV (all commodity volume
 a measure of maximum retail distribution volume) from 18.6% to 34.1%
 which includes such current retail distribution as Walmart
 Walgreens
 Super Value
 Meijer
 and other food
&nbsp;In January 2015
 the Company officially &#147;cut the ribbon&#148; on its 17
426 square foot warehouse and distribution center
 located in Denver
 Colorado.&nbsp;The facility is occupied under a four year lease
 and will allow the Company to house all its finished goods under one facility.&nbsp;New machinery also allows the Company to bundle and package promotions
 internally
 and thereby reduce incurred expenses normally paid for these services. The new warehouse and distribution center is expected to decrease overall costs to the company by removing outside warehousing cost and reducing long-distance and intermittent freight expense back and forth. In conjunction with the move
 a new freight agreement with a major carrier was executed to add additional cost savings to the in-direct COGS. &nbsp;We believe that the full implementation of the warehouse and distribution center will increase efficiencies in fulfillment
 reduce overall transit and freight costs
In January 2015
 iSatori signed a multi-year endorsement agreement with one of the industry&#146;s biggest influencers
 C.T. Fletcher. With his nearly 2-million followers in various social media outlets
 CT is known as the &#147;master of motivation&#148; as he accepts no excuses for not putting in the hard work and transforming your body
 which are shared core values of iSatori. The Company expects that this partnership will increase brand awareness
 and consumption of iSatori products
 through his wide reach and influence on YouTube
 where CT has close to 800
000 subscribers
 and his videos have had more than 72
000
Comparison of the year ended December 31
Our net revenues decreased $1 million or 9% to $9.5 million for the year ended December 31
 2014 compared to $10.5 million for the year ended December 31
 2013. Gross revenues decreased 4% or $0.45 million to $12.17 million compared to $12.62 million. The majority of the decrease in revenues is in the diet and weight loss category
 which experienced a temporary lull in the third and fourth quarters
 primarily due to the lack of consumer confidence in diet aids after a popular television doctor drew criticism by congress for his unabated support of these types of supplements. Augmenting the decline in net revenues even further
 were the delay in production and launch of two new products
 which were anticipated for December and thus delayed until Q1-2015. This decrease in revenues was partly offset by growth in Bio-Gro revenues
Adjustments to revenues for retailer advertising discounts
 returns
 promotional credits and coupons) increased approximately 26% to $2.66 million for the year ended December 31
Cost of sales
 which includes product costs
 costs of warehousing and distribution
 and freight costs increased $41 thousand
 or less than 1% to $4.73 million for the year ended December 31
 2014 compared to $4.69 million for the same period in 2013. However
 as a percentage of net product revenues
 cost of sales increased 5%
 to 50% compared to 45% the previous year. This increase can be attributed to the shift in the product mix sold
 which includes several items sold in promotional type configurations to help drive purchases
Selling and Marketing expenses decreased $621 thousand or 21% to $2.35 million for the year ended December 31
 2014 compared to $2.97 million for the same period in 2013. Marketing expenses decreased by $732 thousand with the largest variance in television advertising
 as tactics have shifted from television to online digital advertising and social media forums. Selling expenses have increased $174 thousand during 2014 with the addition of the outside sales representatives to augment key selling markets. &nbsp;R&amp;D has decreased $63 thousand
 with the majority of the variance in clinical studies. &nbsp;While both years had studies performed
 the costs of the study in 2014 was less based on participants
 duration
Salaries and labor related expenses increased $258 thousand or 12% to $2.50 million for the year ended December 31
 2014 compared to $2.24 million for the same period in 2013. This increase can be attributed to the addition of employees
Administrative expenses decreased $504 thousand or 32% to $1.08 million for the year ended December 31
 2014 compared to approximately $1.59 million for the same period in 2013. The decrease in expenses can be attributed to the reduction in expense related to professional fees over the two periods
 along with minimal warrant/option expense related to Investor Relations contractors during 2014
Depreciation and Amortization expense decreased $17 thousand or 17% to $79 thousand for the year ended December 31
 2014 compared to $95 thousand for the same period in 2013. This reduction between periods is due to end of the depreciable life of a piece of software
For the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company recognized $301 thousand in Other Income
For the year ended December 31
 2013
 the Company recognized $74 thousand in Other Income
Financing expenses decreased $23 thousand or -29% to $56 thousand for the year ended December 31
Interest expense increased $17 thousand or 52% to $50 thousand for the year ended December 31
 2014 compared to $33 thousand for the same period in 2013. Interest expense for 2014 was $9 thousand more than 2013
As a result of the foregoing
 loss before income taxes was a loss of $892 thousand
 or -9% of net product revenues for the year ended December 31
Income tax expense was $279 thousand for the year ended December 31
 2014 compared to an income tax expense of approximately $3 thousand for the same period in 2013. 2013. Of this
 expense of $201 thousand for 2014 and income of $18 thousand for 2013 was related to the change in the provision for deferred tax asset/liability. The 2014 expense includes $57 thousand as an adjustment for income tax receivable
As a result of the foregoing
 the Company incurred a net loss of $1.170 million
 which amount is equal to -12% of net product revenues for the year ended December 31
 2014 compared to a net loss of $959 thousand
iSatori requires significant amounts of working capital to operate its business and to pay expenses relating to the development
 testing and marketing of its products. iSatori&#146;s traditional use of cash includes primarily making significant expenditures to market new and existing products
 as well as the financing of clinical studies for discovering new
iSatori&#146;s cash and cash equivalents
 consisting primarily of deposits with financial institutions
 was $739 thousand at December 31
 2014
 compared with $823 thousand at December 31
iSatori generally expects to fund expenditures for operations
 administrative expenses
 marketing expenses
 research and development expenses and debt service obligations with internally generated funds from operations
 and to satisfy working capital needs from time to time with borrowings under its credit facility pursuant to the Credit Agreement. iSatori believes that it will be able to meet its debt service obligations and fund its short-term and long-term operating requirements in the future with cash flow from operations and borrowings under its credit facility. If iSatori is unable to achieve projected operating results and/or obtain additional financing if and when needed
 it will be required to curtail growth plans and significantly scale back its activities. Currently
 iSatori continues to focus on working capital management by monitoring key metrics associated with accounts receivable
 inventory
 payroll expenses
Credit Arrangements as of December 31
As of December 31
 2014
 iSatori had outstanding credit indebtedness of $1
620
519
As of December 31
 2014
547
169
277
100
The information required by this item is included in &#147;Item 15. Exhibits
. We conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December&nbsp;31
 2014. This evaluation was conducted under the supervision and with the participation of management
 including our CEO and CFO. Based on this evaluation
 our CEO and CFO have concluded that as of December&nbsp;31
 2014
 our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified by the rules and forms of the SEC. We also concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our CEO and CFO
. Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Management assessed our internal control over financial reporting as of December&nbsp;31
 2014
 and has concluded that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December&nbsp;31
. There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31
 2014 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
DIRECTORS
The Company&#146;s business is managed under the direction of its Board. In connection with its oversight of the Company&#146;s operations and governance
 the Board has adopted
 among other things
a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics to provide guidance to directors
an Audit Committee Whistleblower Policy to allow directors
 officers and employees (i) to make confidential anonymous submissions regarding concerns with respect to accounting or auditing matters and (ii) provides for the receipt of complaints regarding accounting
a Stockholder and Interested Parties Communications Policy pursuant to which holders of our securities and other interested parties can communicate with the Board of Directors
Each of these documents can be viewed on the Company&#146;s website
 available at: www.isatori.com under the &#147;About Us&#148; tab
 subheading &#147;Investor Relations&#148;
 subheading &#147;Corporate Policies&#148;. Copies of the foregoing documents and disclosures are available without charge to any person who requests them. Requests should be directed to iSatori
 Inc.
 Attn: Secretary
 15000 6th Avenue
 Suite 202
 Golden
The Board meets regularly to review significant developments affecting us and to act on matters requiring its approval. The Board held ten meetings in 2014. No director
 during his period of service in 2014
 attended fewer than 75% of the total number of meetings of the Board and committees on which he served. Directors are encouraged
 but not required
 to attend the Annual Meeting if one is held. At the May 21
 2014 Board Meeting and by consent of a majority of shareholders it was determined that a formal stockholders meeting for 2014 would not be held and under that same consent all current Board members were reelected under the same criteria
 payment
Executive Vice President
 &#150; has served as the Company&#146;s Chief Executive Officer and President since April 5
 2012. Mr. Adel&#233; founded iSatori Technologies
 Inc.
 a Colorado corporation and a predecessor to the Company (&#147;iSatori Tech&#148;)
 in 2001 and has served as its President and Chief Executive Officer since that time. Prior to founding iSatori Tech.
 Mr. Adel&#233; served as vice president for Experimental and Applied Sciences (EAS) from April 1995 to May 2000. At EAS
 Mr. Adel&#233; sourced and secured foreign distribution partners
 developed strategic partnerships
 set up local manufacturing
 and assisted partners in developing strategic growth plans. In addition
 he worked with regulatory agencies to ensure governmentally compliant formulated products and established a distribution center in Tilburg
 Netherlands
Mr. Adel&#233; earned his bachelor&#146;s degree in finance
 with a minor in international studies
 from the University of Colorado. Mr. Adel&#233; is the author of several books on fitness
 nutrition and wellness and has published numerous articles on these topics. As the CEO of iSatori
 he was named a finalist for Entrepreneur of the Year by Ernst &amp; Young in 2006 and 2007
 magazine
 won the prestigious Gold Award for growth in small businesses by 
The Company believes that Mr. Adel&#233;
 due to his experience as founder of the Company
 as well as his extensive knowledge and understanding of the industry
consummation of the Merger. Mr. Wilemon joined iSatori Tech in May
 2004 as its Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining iSatori Tech
 Mr. Wilemon served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for RMO
 Inc. from 1998 through April 2004. Prior to joining RMO
 Inc.
has served as the Company&#146;s Executive Vice President
has over 15 years of demonstrated success in national and international sales and marketing management. His previous stint was with Whole Health Products
 an ecommerce and vitamin/supplement company
 where he was the CEO
 and Spectrum Brands
 a worldwide consumer products company. Before that
 he had worked for over 10 years at EAS
 starting as the Sales and Service Manager and working his way up to Senior Vice President of Sales
 followed quickly by becoming Executive Vice President of Sales and Market Development
Rick has earned respect and admiration in the sports supplement industry as someone who helps educate (he also worked several years teaching business and economics)
 support
Officer of Integrated from April 1
 2011 through the consummation of the Merger
 has been a director of the Company since February 2001 and served as Chairman of the Board during fiscal 2008. Mr. Cleveland is the President
 Chief Executive Officer
 sole director and majority shareholder of Renn Capital Group
 Inc. He has served as President
 Chief Executive Officer and director of RENN Global Entrepreneurs Fund
 Inc. since its inception in 1994. Mr. Cleveland is a Chartered Financial Analyst with more than 40 years&#146; experience as a specialist in investments for smaller capitalization companies. Mr. Cleveland has also served as President of the Dallas Association of Investment Analysts. He also serves on the Boards of Directors of Cover-All Technologies
The Company believes that Mr. Cleveland
 due to his considerable experience with building successful businesses
 as well as his extensive knowledge and understanding of accounting and finance matters
Galecke joined the University of Dallas in June 1996 and is currently serving as Executive Vice President. Mr. Galecke also has been Chairman
 President or CEO of public companies in healthcare
 real estate and financial services
 as well as having spent 20 years in the commercial banking industry. Mr. Galecke received a graduate degree from the School of Banking at the University of Wisconsin
 Madison
The Company believes that Mr. Galecke
 due to his considerable experience managing public companies
 as well as his extensive knowledge and understanding of finance matters and commercial banking
Bradford Morgan has served as a director of the Company since April 16
Morgan is the President of Cogency
 a consulting company specializing in marketing and business strategy. Prior to founding Cogency in 1998
 Mr. Morgan served as the Senior Vice President of Harrah&#146;s Entertainment
 Inc. from 1994 through 1997. Prior to joining Harrah&#146;s Entertainment
 Inc.
 Mr. Morgan served as Executive Vice President &#150; Marketing and Sales for Visa U.S.A.
 Inc. from 1988 through 1993. Sometime prior to Visa U.S.A.
 resigned from the Board of Directors October
Todd Ordal has served as a director of the Company since April 16
President and founder of Applied Strategy
 LLC
 a private consulting company providing consulting and coaching services to chief executive officers and other executives around the word. Prior to founding Applied Strategy
 LLC
 Mr. Ordal served as Chief Executive Officer of Dore Achievement Centers from December
 2002 until November
 2004. Prior to joining Dore Achievement Centers
 Mr. Ordal served President and Chief Executive Officer of Classic Sports Companies from January
 2001 until December
 2002. Prior to Classic Sport Companies
 Mr. Ordal served as a Division President for Kinko&#146;s where he had accountability for $500
000
000 in revenue
 300 stores and 7
000 people. Mr. Ordal served as a member of the board of directors for Kinko&#146;s Service Corporation from July
 1992 until July
The Company believes that Mr. Ordal
 due to his considerable experience with growing successful businesses
 as well as his extensive knowledge and understanding of marketing and finance matters
 &#150; Seth Yakatan has served as a director of the Company since September 16
 2014. &nbsp;Mr. Yakatan &nbsp;is currently Vice President of Business Development for Invion
 Ltd. (ASX:&nbsp;IVX).&nbsp; Mr. Yakatan brings more than 24 years of experience as a life sciences business development and corporate finance professional
 actively supporting small cap and major companies in achieving corporate
 financing
 and asset monetization objectives. Mr. Yakatan began his career as a venture capital analyst with Ventana Growth Funds and Sureste Venture Management
 where he gained significant experience in creating successful venture-backed life science and biotechnology companies. Prior to founding Katan Associates in 2001
 Mr. Yakatan worked in merchant banking at the Union Bank of California
 N.A.
 in the Specialized Lending Media and Telecommunications Group. During his six years there
 he completed the placement of subordinated debt and private equity investments
 exceeding $3 billion in transaction value. Seth is recognized as an expert in the valuation of life sciences companies
 stemming from industry experience and academia. He has authored several publications and lectured and guest lectured at corporate workshops and universities on valuation theory and real-world practice and case studies and consulted to several state and provincial governments worldwide on commercialization and capital access initiatives. Mr. Yakatan holds an MBA in Finance from the University of California
 Irvine
The Company believes that Mr. Yakatan
 due to his comprehensive finance experience
 as well as his extensive knowledge and understanding of banking matters
 &#150; Larry Morgan has served as a director of the Company since November 13
 2014. &nbsp;Mr. Morgan draws on over 30 years of experience in managing the marketing and sales of some of the world's best known brands
 including Pepsi Cola
 Kodak
 and Richardson-Vicks. Eastman Kodak's worldwide consumer and professional film businesses were a large and increasing majority of the overall company profits during the years Mr. Morgan served as Divisional VP. He led programs that drove share and cut costs for film. He also led an Expansive Innovation team that identified and brought over a dozen new products and services to market. Prior to Kodak
 Mr. Morgan increased market share by over 50% in key Latin America markets for Pepsi Cola International. His corporate career also included several years driving several HBA brands for Richardson-Vicks (now part of Procter &amp; Gamble Healthcare)
 including a doubling of their Olay franchise. Larry now consults
The Company believes that Mr. Morgan
 due to his extensive brand management experience
The following table shows the compensation of the principal executive officer and the executive officers of iSatori
 Inc. whose compensation exceeded $100
000 for the fiscal years ended December 31
225
28
253
207
9
22
21
261
130
6
136
127
7
9
5
149
159
25
185
71
10
84
No other executive officer&#146;s salary and bonus exceeded $100
000 annually during the fiscal years ended December 31
Roles of our Compensation Committee and Chief Executive Officer in Compensation Decisions
The Company strives to attract
 motivate
 and retain high-quality executives by providing total compensation that is performance-based and competitive within the labor market in which the Company competes for executive talent as a public company in a very specialized industry. Our compensation program is intended to align the interests of management with the interests of stockholders by linking pay with performance
Base salary amounts of executive officers are reviewed annually. The Compensation Committee sets the base salary level of our Chief Executive Officer
 and
 based on input from the Chief Executive Officer
The Compensation Committee has the authority to retain and terminate compensation consultants or other experts to assist the Committee in its evaluation of the Chief Executive Officer
Pursuant to the terms of our employment agreement with Mr. Adel&#233;
 we are obligated to set 8% of our annual net income before taxes above a set hurdle rate aside for a bonus pool to be distributed to our management team at the discretion of the Compensation Committee upon input from our Chief Executive Officer. During fiscal 2013
We do not provide any of our executive officers with pension benefits
 deferred compensation or other similar plans other than a tax qualified 401(k) defined contribution plan in which an executive officer is able to participate on the same terms as those offered to other employees
On February 17
 2012
 the Company entered into an employment agreement with Stephen Adel&#233; effective upon consummation of the Merger (the &#147;Employment Agreement&#148;). Pursuant to the Employment Agreement
 Mr. Adel&#233;&#146;s annual base salary is set at $225
000. In addition
 Mr. Adel&#233;
 is eligible to earn a bonus based upon the financial performance of the Company above established hurdle rates. The term of the Employment Agreement is one year
 commencing on the April 5
 2012
 and is renewable annually thereafter. Mr. Adele&#146;s current employment agreement runs through April 5
 2015
In conjunction with the 2012 Performance Incentive Plan
 on September 17
 2013
 the Company issued options to purchase 50
000 shares of the Company stock to Rick Anderson
 having an exercise price of $2.10
 and which contain three year vesting schedules of 1/3 each year through September 2015. These options are due to expire on September 17
322
50
Directors
 other than Mr. Adel&#233; and Mr. Cleveland
 are compensated with cash payments of $1
250 per quarter
 payable in arrears
 beginning on June 30
 2012. Directors
 other than Mr. Adel&#233; and Mr. Cleveland
 also receive an annual grant of shares with a market value of $5
000 based on the trailing five day average Company stock price. These grants occur on or around April 30 of each year. In addition
 the chair of the Audit Committee of the Board receives an additional cash payment of $312.50 per quarter and an additional annual grant of shares with a market value of $1
The following table shows the compensation of the directors of iSatori for the fiscal year ended December 31
6
6
12
5
4
9
5
4
9
5
25
30
4
4
 These fees represent payments made to Katan Associates
 Inc
 an entity Co-Founded by Mr. Yakatan
Messrs. Galecke
 Morgan and Ordal served as members of the Compensation Committee during the last fiscal year. No member of the Compensation Committee during fiscal 2014 was an officer
Throughout fiscal 2014
 the Compensation Committee of the Board was comprised of three directors (Messrs. Galecke
 B. Morgan and Ordal and
 after Mr. Morgan&#146;s resignation
 Messrs. Galecke
The Compensation Committee has discussed and reviewed the above Compensation Discussion and Analysis for fiscal year 2014 with management. Based on this review and discussion
The following table sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership of shares of the Company&#146;s common stock as of March 23
 2015
 by: (i) each person known by us to be the owner of more than 5% of our outstanding shares of the Company&#146;s common stock
 (ii) each officer and director and (iii) all officers and directors as a group. Each stockholder&#146;s beneficial ownership is based on 12
909
6
808
3
777
57
8
4
4
111
16
Executive officers
10
788
2
660
1
116
Unless otherwise indicated
 the address for each director and officer is c/o iSatori
 Inc.
 Avenue
 Suite 202
 Golden
 Colorado 80401. Unless otherwise indicated
 the Company believes that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. The information in this table is based on statements in filings with the SEC
Beneficial ownership of shares and percentage ownership are determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC. In calculating the number of shares beneficially owned by an individual or entity and the percentage ownership of that individual or entity
 shares underlying warrants held by that individual or entity that are either currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days from March 23
 2015 are deemed outstanding. These shares
 however
Stephen Adel&#233; Enterprises
 Inc. is the record holder of 6
480
203 of these shares. Mr. Adel&#233; is the sole stockholder of Stephen Adel&#233; Enterprises
 Inc.
 and may be considered to have beneficial ownership of the Stephen Adel&#233; Enterprises
 Inc.&#146;s interests. Includes currently exercisable options to purchase 322
741 shares of common stock and 6
Includes 3
771
869 shares of common stock
 667
359 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants
 1
900 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of Series A Preferred Stock and 3
250 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of Series D Preferred Stock
 all held by funds to which RENN Capital Group
Mr. Cleveland is employed as President and CEO of RENN Capital Group
 Inc.
 which serves as investment manager to RENN Global Entrepreneurs Fund
 Inc. and to RENN Universal Growth Investment Trust PLC. Mr. Cleveland disclaims beneficial ownership of all shares held by RENN Global Entrepreneurs Fund
Includes 25
491 shares of common stock
 22
650 which are restricted shares
 31
Includes 10
420
582 shares of common stock
 currently exercisable options to purchase 371
309 shares of common stock
 1
900 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of Series A Preferred Stock and 3
Includes 2
658
070 shares of common stock
 950 share of common stock issuable upon conversion of Series A Preferred Stock and 1
625 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of Series D Preferred Stock. The address for this company is 8080 N. Central Expressway
 Suite 210; Dallas
Includes 1
113
790 shares of common stock and 1
625 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of Series D Preferred Stock. The address for this company is 8080 N. Central Expressway
 Suite 210; Dallas
Includes 16
No reportable related transactions occurred in fiscal 2014 and
Review
The Board of Directors will review and approve all relationships and transactions in which it and its directors
 director nominees and executive officers and their immediate family members
 as well as holders of more than 5% of any class of its voting securities and their family members
 have a direct or indirect material interest. In approving or rejecting such proposed relationships and transactions
The Audit Committee of the board of directors has retained EKS&amp;H LLLP (&#147;EKS&amp;H&#148;) as our independent public accounting firm (our independent auditor). EKS&amp;H audited our financial statements for the year ended December 31
 2014. The audit reports of EKS&amp;H on our financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31
 2014 did not contain an adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion
 and was not qualified or modified as to uncertainty
To help assure independence of the independent auditor
 the Audit Committee has established a policy whereby all audit
 review
 attest and non-audit engagements of the principal auditor or other firms must be approved in advance by the Audit Committee; provided
 however
 that de minimis non- audit services may instead be approved in accordance with applicable SEC rules. This policy is set forth in our Audit Committee Charter. Of the fees shown above in the table
 which were paid to our independent auditor
The following is a summary and description of fees for services for the fiscal years ended December 31
 2014 paid to EKS&amp;H
85
13
99
The following is a summary and description of fees for services for the fiscal years ended December 31
 2013 paid to EKS&amp;H
70
5
3
78
statements
EXHIBITS
Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization
 dated as of February 17
 2012
 by and among Integrated Security Systems
 Inc.
 iSatori Acquisition Corp. and iSatori Technologies
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 21
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Integrated Security Systems
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Integrated Security Solutions
 Inc.&#146;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (No. 333-122849) filed on April 8
Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of Integrated Security Systems
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 1
Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of Integrated Security Systems
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 11
Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of iSatori
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 11
Amended and Restated Bylaws of Integrated Security Systems
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 26
Specimen certificate for Common Stock of Integrated Security Systems
Certificate of Designation
 Preferences and Rights of Series A $20 Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (No. 333-122849) filed on April 8
Certificate of Designation
 Preferences and Rights of Series D $20 Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (No. 333-122849) filed on April 8
Integrated Security Systems
Integrated Security Systems
iSatori 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on April 30
iSatori 2013 Employee Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on April 30
Manufacturing and Supply Agreement
 dated as of March 11
 2011
 by and between iSatori Technologies
 Inc. and Arnet Pharmaceutical Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 9
Dietary Ingredient &#150; Limited Exclusive License and Supply Agreement
 dated as of August 1
 2006
 by and between iSatori Technologies
 Inc. and FHG Corporation d/b/a Integrity Nutraceuticals International
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 9
Purchasing Agreement #3833
 dated as of December 14
 2007
 by and between iSatori Technologies
 Inc. and General Nutrition Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 9
Purchasing Agreement #3512
 dated as of December 14
 2007
 by and between iSatori Technologies
 Inc. and General Nutrition Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 9
Loan and Security Agreement
 dated as of June 17
 2011
 by and between iSatori Technologies
 Inc. and Avidbank Corporate Finance
 a division of AvidBank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 9
Loan Agreement
 dated as of July 15
 2011
 by and between iSatori Technologies
 Inc. and Breakwater Structured Growth Opportunities Fund
 L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 9
Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement
 dated as of February 17
 2012
 by and between Integrated Security Systems
 Inc. and Stephen Adel&#233; (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 9
Business Loan Agreement
 dated as of July 16
 2012
 by and between iSatori
 Inc. and Colorado Business Bank. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 &nbsp;filed on April 30
Letter Agreement
 dated as of March 22
 2013
 amending that certain Business Loan Agreement
 dated as of July 16
 2012
 by and between iSatori
 Inc. and Colorado Business Bank. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 &nbsp;filed on April 30
Subsidiaries of iSatori
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 9
Consent of EKS&amp;H
Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
iSATORI
Chief Executive Officer
Dated: March 23
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
Chief Executive Officer
March 23
March 23
March 23
March 23
March 23
March 23
March 23
December 31
iSatori
December 31
December 31
December 31
December 31
iSatori
Golden
We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of iSatori
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) as of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 and the related statements of operations
 stockholders&#146; equity
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). &nbsp;Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. &nbsp;The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. &nbsp;Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. &nbsp;Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. &nbsp;An audit also includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
In our opinion
 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of iSatori
 Inc. as of December 31
 2014 and 2013
March 23
Denver
iSatori
December 31
December 31
December 31
738
822
925
2
398
102
28
11
2
483
1
985
34
108
Deferred tax asset
53
217
222
4
429
5
704
11
11
128
112
57
52
332
312
43
43
(425
(359
148
173
52
81
Deferred tax asset
57
147
45
61
102
209
4
733
6
168
819
1
248
253
187
191
292
Deferred tax liability
57
1
620
1
220
15
20
2
957
2
969
152
471
Commitments and contingencies (Notes 1
2
5
Convertible preferred stock
 $0.01 par value
 750
000 shares authorized; 22
500 shares issued and outstanding ($450
Common stock
 $0.01 par value
 56
250
000 shares authorized; 12
909
129
128
4
796
4
731
(3
302
(2
132
1
622
2
728
4
733
6
168
iSatori
December 31
9
513
10
507
103
115
37
42
9
654
10
665
4
727
4
686
4
927
5
978
2
353
2
974
2
499
2
241
1
082
1
586
78
95
6
014
6
897
(1
087
(919
300
74
(55
(78
(49
(32
(891
(955
(278
(2
(1
170
(958
12
890
12
763
12
890
12
763
iSatori
December 31
Balances
 December 31
22
12
622
126
4
343
(1
173
3
295
(958
(958
320
320
249
2
52
54
7
16
16
Balances
 December 31
22
12
879
128
4
731
(2
132
2
728
(1
170
(1
170
7
48
48
22
15
16
Balances
 December 31
22
12
909
129
4
796
(3
302
1
622
iSatori
December 31
December 31
(1
170
(958
78
95
55
336
(14
(105
(318
(143
258
(17
1
472
(1
157
11
(1
(497
(693
14
(66
3
(13
(428
730
65
(54
(101
292
45
(526
(1
757
(40
(135
87
26
965
47
856
25
(4
(4
411
97
(11
(50
395
68
(84
(832
Cash and cash equivalents
822
1
655
Cash and cash equivalents
738
822
58
49
10
6
87
33
2
iSatori
Notes to Financial Statements December 31
iSatori
Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) was incorporated under the laws of the state of Delaware on &nbsp;June 29
The Company is engaged in researching
 designing
 developing
 contracting for the manufacture
 marketing
 selling and distributing of various branded nutritional and dietary supplement products for the general nutrition market. The &#147;general nutrition market&#148; may include such activities as body-building
The Company does engage from time to time in funding of clinical studies with the objective of discovering and/or validating claims of new
The Company considers all highly liquid debt instruments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Accordingly
 cash and cash equivalents consist of petty cash
The Company has a number of financial instruments
 including cash
 receivables
 inventory
 payables and debt obligations. The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents
 receivables
 accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 the line of credit and notes payable approximates their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments. As further described in Note 7 the Company has issued warrants which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and result in a long-term derivative liability on the balance sheet. The actual and estimated fair values
 respectively
December 31
December 31
738
738
822
822
925
925
2
398
2
398
819
819
1
248
1
248
152
152
471
471
Trade receivables are uncollateralized customer obligations due under normal trade terms requiring payment generally within 10-60 days from the invoice date. Accounts are considered delinquent when outstanding for more than seven days past due date. The Company does not have a policy of accruing interest on past due accounts. Payments on trade receivables are applied as instructed per the customer
 or to the earliest unpaid invoices. The allowance for doubtful accounts represents an estimate of amounts considered uncollectible and is determined based on management&#146;s historical collection experience
 adverse situations that may affect the customer&#146;s ability to repay
 and prevailing economic conditions. Specific accounts deemed uncollectible are written off periodically with subsequent receipts on previously written off accounts credited to bad debt expense. The allowance for doubtful accounts is $0 for each of the periods ended December 31
 2014 and December 31
December 31
December 31
951
2
323
(25
74
925
2
398
In addition
 the Company has recorded an allowance for customer returns in the amount of approximately $85
000 at December 31
 2014 and $70
000 at December 31
Inventories of nutritional and dietary supplements are stated at lower of cost or market on a first-in
December 31
December 31
170
120
308
207
2
004
1
658
2
483
1
985
The Predecessor Company disposed of a dormant product line of vitamins in December 2010. As part of the consideration in this divestiture
 the Company received from the purchaser of this product line an unsecured note in the amount of $ 170
000. The original note was due to be repaid on or before March 2014
 where interest accrued principally at an annual rate of 5%
 based upon the initial $170
000 principal and was payable monthly. As of March 31
 2013
 the note was novated and a new promissory note was issued to reflect a modification in the payment terms
 which includes no interest. The total note receivable balance at December 31
 2014 was $81
634
 and is due to be repaid in monthly increments through May 1
Property and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation for financial accounting purposes is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated lives of the respective assets
 ranging from three to ten years. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense when incurred. When property and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the related cost and accumulated depreciation are thereafter removed from the respective accounts and any gain or loss is credited or charged to income. Total depreciation expense was $65
774 and $83
450 for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
Other assets include intangible assets which are principally direct television advertising
 websites
 as well as deposits and are included in Deposits and other Assets. The Company periodically performs reviews of other assets including amortizable intangible and depreciable tangible assets
 for impairment purposes using undiscounted cash flow methodology. Factors considered important that may trigger an impairment of assets review include
Intangible assets are discussed below. Amortization for financial accounting purposes is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets which range from three to ten years. Amortization for 2014 and 2013 totaled $12
800 and $11
698
December 31
December 31
38
38
38
38
(24
(12
13
26
12
1
The Company operates predominantly as a distributor of its dietary supplement products through traditional large retailers and electronic intermediaries. Revenue from product sales is recognized upon transfer of title of the Company&#146;s product to its customers. Net sales represent product sales less actual returns
 allowances
 discounts
 and product promotions. Sales to direct customers have an unconditional money back guarantee for thirty to ninety days after the date of purchase. Sales to a select number of retail customers carry a &#147;Sale or Return&#148; Purchase agreement per the sales contract
 where if minimum sales thresholds are not met within a required timeframe
 the inventory will be returned to the Company for full credit. Other retail customers receive a percentage discount from invoice to cover any customer returns or damages they may incur. Returns
 trade allowances
 discounts and product promotions
 were $2
656
122 and $2
114
060 for the years ending December 31
 2014 and 2013
In addition
The Company purchases its products directly from third party manufacturers. The Company&#146;s cost of sales include product costs
 including any associated materials used in production
The Company utilizes the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this asset and liability method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities
 and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. See Note 6
Since 2012 was the Company&#146;s initial tax year
 there are no prior federal or state tax returns subject to examination. Accordingly
 the only taxable periods subject to examination by federal and state taxing authorities are the periods ended December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012. Federal and state tax returns for the Company prior to the short form merger are open for the period ended December 31
The Company leases its headquarters facility the &#147;headquarters lease&#148;
 comprising approximately 10
044 square feet
 in Golden (metropolitan Denver)
 Colorado. The total rent expense under the headquarters lease for each of the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 was $82
863. The lease term expires January 31
 2017 and requires equal monthly payments over the remaining term. Future payments under the headquarters lease are $172
On November 1
 2014
 the Company entered into a lease for approximately 17
026 square feet in Denver for its warehouse operations (the &#147;warehouse lease&#148;. The total rent expense under the warehouse lease for the year ended December 31
 2014 was $0. The lease term expires on December 31
 2018 and calls for inflation-adjusted increasing payments over the remaining term. Future payments under the warehouse lease are $374
The Company also leases miscellaneous office and warehouse equipment. In most cases
169
174
102
100
547
The Company expenses all production costs related to advertising costs as they are incurred
 including print
 digital and television when the advertisement has been broadcast or otherwise finished and or distributed. The Company records website costs related to its direct-to-consumer advertisements in accordance with ASC 340-20 &#147;Capitalized Advertising Costs&#148;. In accordance with ASC 340-20
 direct response advertising costs incurred should be reported as assets and should be amortized over the estimated period of the benefits
 based on the proportion of current period revenue from the advertisements to probable future revenue. As of December 31
 2014 and December 31
 2013
 the Company had deferred $0 and $7
651 respectively
 related to such advertising costs. This amount was included in Deposits and other assets and was amortized over a one year period. Total Marketing expenses for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 totaled $1
500
362 and $2
232
548
Research and development costs
 which include the funding of clinical research studies
 as well as creation and development of new products
 are expensed when incurred. Research and development costs of $99
676 and $162
297 for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
Distribution
Shipping costs on purchases and shipping and handling fees related to sales charged to customers are both included in cost of sales. As mentioned in Revenue Recognition
The Company maintains cash balances at one financial institution located in Colorado and one in California. Accounts at these institutions are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to $250
000 per account. At times during the year
During the year ended December 31
 2014
 sales to three customers made up 57% of total product revenue
 with each customer representing greater than 10% of product revenue on an individual basis. These customers&#146; combined accounts receivable balances were 51% of total accounts receivable as of December 31
 2014. During the year ended December 31
 2013
 sales to three customers made up 58% of total product revenue
 with each customer representing greater than 10% of product revenue on an individual basis. These customers&#146; combined accounts receivable balances were 73% of total accounts receivable as of December 31
During the year ended December 31
 2014
 purchases from three vendors made up 63% of total inventory purchases. These vendors&#146; combined accounts payable balances were 44% of total accounts payable as of December 31
 2014. During the year ended December 31
 2013
 purchases from two vendors made up 57% of total inventory purchases. These vendors&#146; combined accounts payable balances were 17% of total accounts payable as of December 31
The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates include but are not limited to the fair value determination of derivative instruments
 NOL allowance
 sales returns allowance
Net earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) less preferred dividends for the period by the weighted average number of common stock outstanding during each period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) less preferred dividends for the period by the weighted average number of common stock
Since the Company reflected a net loss for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 the effect of considering any common stock equivalents
 if exercisable
The Company has the following common stock equivalents as of December 31
 2014 and December 31
593
669
420
928
13
689
13
862
In August 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-15
 Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern. The objective of ASU 2014-15 is to provide guidance on management&#146;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about a company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. ASU 2014-15 is effective for fiscal years ending after December 15
 2016
In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 which establishes a comprehensive new revenue recognition standard designed to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. In doing so
 companies may need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under current revenue recognition guidance. The ASU allows for the use of either the full or modified retrospective transition method
The Company is obligated under various endorsement
 spokesperson and consulting agreements with varying original terms ranging from six months to one year. These endorsers
 spokespersons and consultants are generally paid a monthly fee for their services
 including promotion and marketing activities per the agreements. All of these agreements may be terminated by either party upon breach or default in the terms of the agreements. The Company expensed $102
650 and $161
950 under these agreements in 2014 and 2013
Future payments of the above mentioned contracts will run through 2015
 for a total expense of $18
Eligible employees may enroll in a company-sponsored 401(k) plan. New enrollees are able to join the plan in the calendar quarter in which they become eligible. The Company may also make a match at its discretion. During calendar years 2014 and 2013
In accordance with the accounting standards on contingencies
 the Company accrues a loss contingency if it is probable and can reasonably be estimated or a liability has been incurred at the date of the financial statements. If both of these conditions are not met
 or if an exposure to loss exists in excess of the amount accrued
 disclosure of the contingency shall be made when there is at least a reasonable possibility that a loss or an additional loss may have been incurred. The Company is exposed to legal claims encountered in the normal course of business. See Note 5
The Company is engaged in various legal actions
 claims and proceedings arising in the normal course of business
 including claims related to breach of contracts
 product liabilities and intellectual property matters resulting from the Company&#146;s business activities. As with most actions such as these
On May 17
 2013 and on January 31
 2014 the Company received demand letters from the Environmental Research Corporation
 &#147;ERC&#148; requesting substantiation of compliance with the State of California&#146;s Proposition 65 regulations for ten of its products. &nbsp;In October
 while the Company was awaiting the results of the compliance testing
 ERC contacted the Company again requesting settlement to their initial demand letter. And in February 2014
 before compliance testing or any other demand letter validation was completed
 ERC contacted the Company again requesting settlement to their second demand letter. After many discussions with ERC
 a lawsuit was filed by ERC for the non-compliance issues with the State of California&#146; Proposition 65 regulations. &nbsp;After many conversations and mediation attempts
 both parties have agreed to a settlement
 which has been approved by the iSatori Board of Directors. &nbsp;The documents are currently being generated for presentation to the California Court. &nbsp;Once accepted by the court
On March 24
 2014 the Company received a summons in a civil action filed by Wise Sports Nutrition
 LLC claiming alleged trademark infringement for iSatori&#146;s
 Garcinia Trim product. Company counsel has made contact with the plaintiff&#146;s attorney and filed a response to the alleged trademark infringement with the Company&#146;s counterclaims. The Company believes the counterclaims have strong merit and are pursuing their defense. Both parties have prepared responses and presented them to the court. &nbsp;The court has recently ruled in favor of iSatori and its filing of a summary judgment. &nbsp;As a result of this ruling the trademark has been ruled as &#147;descriptive&#148; and therefore not eligible for trademark assignment. &nbsp;iSatori has been contacted by the former plaintiff in this case to discuss a favorable settlement with iSatori. &nbsp;Settlement discussions will get underway promptly. &nbsp;&nbsp;The Company believes now that a favorable condition exists for settlement but it is too early in the settlement proceedings to make a determination of the outcome. Therefore
For the years ended December 31 2014
 and 2013
 the Company recognized income tax expense of $278
697 and $2
828
At December 31
 2014 and 2013
 management believes there are no uncertain tax liabilities. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax (benefit)/expense. No interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions were accrued at December 31
Income tax provision for the periods December 31
 2014 and December 31
67
18
10
1
77
20
185
(18
15
1
201
(17
278
2
The reconciliations of the results of applying the Company's effective statutory federal income tax rate of 35% for the years ended December 31
 2014 and December 31
The components of the deferred tax assets
42
32
32
26
72
111
32
9
(167
11
180
772
410
29
58
179
21
21
22
(844
(410
58
200
70
380
(13
(41
(55
(85
(68
(127
(43
(1
(8
(1
(52
(70
(179
201
As of December 31
 2014
 the Company has federal and state income tax net operating loss (NOL) carry forwards of $2
031
434
466
1
129
2
031
At December 31
 2014
 approximately $8.208 million of net operating loss carry forwards for federal income tax purposes and approximately $8.208 million of net operating loss carry forwards for state income tax purposes
 existed and were previously generated by a predecessor company. The Tax Reform Act of 1986 contains provisions that limit the utilization of net operating loss and tax credit carry forwards if there has been a change of ownership as described in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. According to a preliminary analysis performed by the Company
 it was determined that these net operating loss carry forwards would not currently be available for utilization by the Company. As such
 these net operating loss carry forwards which had previously been 100% allowed for
 have been removed from the deferred tax assets. The availability of the net operating loss carry forwards may be analyzed further in future accounting periods. If a positive determination is made
Based upon past financial performance
 the company has not been able to utilize certain NOL carry forwards. In recognition of this risk
 at December 31
 2014
 and 2013
 a valuation allowance of $844
543 and $410
140
 respectively
 has been recognized on the deferred tax assets relating to the net operating loss carry forwards. Should future financial performance change and it is determined the Company can realize the use of these net operating losses
In addition to the valuation allowance offsetting the deferred tax assets arising from net operating loss carry forwards
 at certain other deferred tax assets at December 31
 2014 have been reduced by a valuation allowance for the amount of any tax benefits which
 more likely than not based on current circumstances
 are not expected to be realized. Should the Company achieve sufficient
 sustained income in the future
At December 31
 2014
 there were 12
909
278 shares of common stock
 par value $.01 per share
As of December 31
 2014
On July 15
 2011 the Company issued warrants
 now totaling 420
549 shares
 to purchase 3% of fully diluted shares of the common stock of the Company to Breakwater Structured Growth Opportunity Fund
 L.P.
 (the &#147;Breakwater warrant&#148;) with an imputed exercise price equal to approximately one-hundredth of a dollar in connection with a $1.025 million subordinated mezzanine loan arrangement. These warrants are fully vested and expire on June 15
Included in the aforementioned Breakwater warrant
 was an obligation by the Company to
 among other things
 honor an irrevocable put right through which the Company agreed to purchase up to the 3% of fully diluted shares of its common stock underlying the warrant
 which expires on July 15
 2016. Upon completion of the Merger
The Company used a lattice model in developing a fair value for the Breakwater warrant obligation at December 31
 2014
 using a quoted stock value of $.375 per share
 which represents a discount of 50% from the closing stock price. This reduction was based on the application of a discount for lack of liquidity. Other assumptions used in the valuations include (a) risk free interest rate of .67% based on duration
 (b) weighted average expected term in years of 1.58
 (c) weighted average expected stock volatility of 37.13%
 (d) expected dividends of 0% (e) stock price movements ranging from 1.053 to .950 and (f) risk neutral probabilities ranging from .488 to .512. These valuations resulted in net income of $318
166 and in the Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31
 2014. In addition
 as of June 28
 2013
 $87
755 was reclassified to additional paid in capital from derivative liability due to the exercise of a prior warrant
 and revaluations resulted in net income of $143
082 in the Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31
Effective January 1
 2013
 the Company entered into a one year agreement
 subject to quarterly cancellation at the Company&#146;s sole discretion
 with Microcap Headlines
 Inc. In connection with this agreement
 the Company issued warrants to purchase an aggregate of 100
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $2.25 per share (the &#147;Microcap warrants&#148;). These warrants were subject to conditional vesting schedule in one-fourth (quarterly) increments
 subject to the Company&#146;s sole discretion. The first increment was granted and fully vested on January 1
 2013
 the second increment was granted and fully vested on April 1
 2013
 the third increment was granted and fully vested on July 1
 2013
 and the fourth increment was granted and fully vested on October 1
 2013. These vested warrants expire on January 1
Effective July 16
 2013
 the Company entered into a business consulting agreement with Optivest Global Partners
 LLC. In connection with this agreement
 the Company issued warrants to purchase an aggregate of 250
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $2.25 per share (the &#147;Optivest warrants&#148;). These warrants are fully vested and expire July 16
 2018. These warrants will be assignable and transferable
The Company assumed the 1
069
587 outstanding warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock which were issued by Integrated in fiscal years 2009 and before. Of these
 17
230 expired on July 29
 2012 and the remainder expired on May 31
Balance &#150; December 31
225
350
Balance &#150; December 31
575
Balance &#150; December 31
575
Balance &#150; December 31
575
On September 27
 2012
 the Company&#146;s Board of Directors approved the 2012 Performance Incentive Plan (the Plan&#148;). The Plan allows the Company to promote the success of the Corporation and to increase stockholder value by providing an additional means through the grant of awards to attract
 motivate
 retain and reward selected employees and other eligible persons. Any stock option granted in the form of an incentive stock option will be intended to comply with the requirements of Section 422 of the Code. Only stock options granted to employees qualify for incentive stock option treatment. A stock option may be exercised in whole or in installments
 which may be cumulative. Shares of common stock purchased upon the exercise of a stock option must be paid for in full at the time of the exercise in cash or such other consideration determined by the compensation committee. Payment may include tendering shares of common stock or surrendering of a stock award
The Plan is administered by the Plan Administrator
 being the Board or one or more committees appointed by the Board or another committee (within its delegated authority) to administer all or certain aspects of this Plan. The Administrator has full and exclusive power within the limitations set forth in the Plan to make all decisions and determinations regarding the selection of participants and the granting of awards; establishing the terms and conditions relating to each award; adopting rules
On January 2
 2014
 the Company issued options to purchase 10
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock to an employee with an exercise price of $2.50 per share and which contained three year vesting schedules of 1/3 each year through October 2016. These options were due to expire on October 15
 2023. In September 2014
 upon termination of employment prior to vesting
On February 10
 2014
 the Company issued options to purchase 6
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock to an employee with an exercise price of $2.22 per share and which contain three year vesting schedules of 1/3 each year through February 2017. These options were due to expire on February 10
 2024. In December
 2014
 upon termination of employment prior to vesting
On September 17
 2013
 the Company issued options to purchase 50
000 shares of the Company stock to an employee
 having an exercise price of $2.10
 and which contain three year vesting schedules of 1/3 each year through September 2015. These options are due to expire on September 17
The Company applied fair value accounting for all share based payment awards. The fair value of each option granted is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The total valuation of the options granted in 2014 was $3
363. Due to their forfeiture prior to vesting
 expense of $747 recognized in previous quarters of 2014 was reversed within subsequent periods of 2014
 for a net expense of $0 related to 2014 grants for the year ended December 31
 2014. The total valuation of the options granted in 2013 was $30
985
 which is being expensed over the three year vesting period. The expense recognized related to these options for the year ended December 31
 2014 was $10
Balance &#150; December 31
828
50
(137
(9
Balance &#150; December 31
730
16
(16
Balance &#150; December 31
730
Balance &#150; December 31
637
730
637
In addition to the above
 for the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company has recognized $12
619 in share based compensation expense arising from the amortization of option awards granted prior to January 1
On July 10
 2014
 the Company issued 5
603 shares of restricted stock to members of its board of directors. On September 23
 2014
 the Company issued 4
098 shares of restricted stock to a new member of its board of directors. On October 28
 2014
 the Company issued 7
738 shares of restricted stock to members of its board of directors. On November 13
 2014
 the Company issued 4
688 shares to a new member of its board of directors. The Company is amortizing total expense related to these issuances over the restriction period which is equivalent to the directors&#146; one-year term. The Company has recorded share based compensation expense due to these issuances of $16
568 for the year ended December 31
 2014. In addition
 for the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company has amortized prior expense of $9
212 to equity related to grants of restricted stock made prior to January 1
On April 1
 2014
 the Company issued 7
500 shares of its $.01 par value common stock to a business development consultant. The Company considered the fair value of the shares issued to be the most reliable measure of compensation to the consultant. At the time of issuance
 the Company&#146;s stock price was $2.17 per share
 and therefore the issuance resulted in $16
275 of share based compensation expense for the year ended December 31
In connection with the Merger
 the Company assumed into its capital structure the convertible stock originally issued by Integrated. Accordingly
 at December 31
 2014
 the Company&#146;s convertible preferred stock
 $0.01 par value per share
9
190
13
260
22
450
Series A $20 Convertible Preferred Stock. At December 31
 2014
 the Company had 9
500 shares of its Series A $20 Convertible Preferred Stock (the &#147;Series A Preferred&#148;) outstanding. Holders of the Series A Preferred are not entitled to receive any dividends
 and have no voting rights unless otherwise required pursuant to Delaware law. Each share of the Series A Preferred may
 at the option of the Company
 be converted into the equivalent of one-fifth (1/5th) of a share of common stock at any time after (i) the closing bid price of the common stock is at least $2.00 for at least 20 trading days during any 30 consecutive trading day period
 and (ii) the shares of common stock to be received on conversion have been registered or otherwise qualified for sale under applicable securities laws. The holders of the Series A Preferred have the right to convert each share into the equivalent of one-fifth (1/5th) of a share of common stock at any time. Upon any liquidation
 dissolution
 or winding up of the Company
 the holders of the Series A Preferred are entitled to receive $20 per share before the holders of common stock are entitled to receive any distribution. In the event the Company enters into any consolidation
 merger or other transaction in which the shares of Common Stock are exchanged for or changed into other stock or other securities
Series D $20 Convertible Preferred Stock. At December 31
 2014 the Company had 13
000 shares of its Series D $20 Convertible Preferred Stock (the &#147;Series D Preferred&#148;) outstanding. Holders of the Series D Preferred are entitled to receive
 out of funds of the Company legally available
The Company may redeem the Series D Preferred upon not less than 30 days&#146; notice
 in whole or in part
 for an amount of $20 per share plus all accrued but unpaid dividends applicable to such share. After notice and prior to the expiration of the 30-day notice period
 holders of the Series D Preferred will have the option to convert the Series D Preferred into common stock prior to the redemption. Each share of the Series D Preferred may
 at the option of the Company
 be converted into the number of shares of common stock as determined by dividing $20 plus any accrued and unpaid dividends on such share by $80 at any time after (i) the closing bid price of the common stock exceeds $200.00 for 20 consecutive trading days
 and (ii) the Company has sustained positive earnings per share of common stock for the two previous fiscal quarters. The holders of the Series D Preferred have the right to convert each share at any time into the number of shares of common stock as determined by dividing $20 plus any accrued and unpaid dividends on such share by $80. The holders of the Series D Preferred are entitled to receive $20 per share plus any accrued and unpaid dividends on such share before the holders of common stock are entitled to receive any distribution. In the event the Company enters into any consolidation
 merger or other transaction in which the shares of Common Stock are exchanged for or changed into other stock or other securities
The Company entered into a renewed and expanded Credit Agreement with Colorado Business Bank West of Denver
 Colorado on August 27
The agreement provides a revolving commitment to the Company of $2
000
000. Amounts outstanding under the agreement will be reflected in a promissory note with a principal balance of $2
000
000 and a maturity date of November 16
 2015 (the &#147;Promissory Note&#148;). The principal balance on the Promissory Note bears interest at the one month USD LIBOR rate measured not more often than once per month (the &#147;Index&#148;). Interest on any unpaid balance under the promissory note will bear interest at the Index plus 3.75% with a minimum interest rate of 4.00% per annum
 and is payable monthly. The agreement requires the Company to comply with certain affirmative covenants
 including a minimum current ratio of 1.5 to 1
 a maximum leverage ratio of 2 to 1
 and minimum tangible equity capital of $2
750
000 through November 30
 2014
 and $3
000
000 thereafter
 as well as providing limitations on dividends
 additional indebtedness
On January 7
 2015
 Colorado Business Bank provided the Company with notice of a non-monetary event of default concerning the Company&#146;s violation of the minimum tangible equity capital covenant set forth in the loan agreement. &nbsp;On March 17
 2015
 iSatori reached a preliminary agreement with their primary banking institution
 Colorado Business Bank (CoBiz)
 in which the loan agreement and covenants will be modified and the Company will no longer be in forbearance. iSatori and CoBiz have agreed on the principal terms of the arrangement and are currently awaiting documentation from their respective legal teams. The Company has
 and will continue to
 enter into discussions with certain material vendors
 offering early pay discounts to improve the timing of accounts receivable collection. In addition
 the Company has
 and will continue to
 enter into discussions with certain material suppliers concerning extended credit terms to improve the flexibility of the Company's cash management program. These actions
 combined with the pending agreement with CoBiz
The Company&#146;s prior line of credit with Colorado Business Bank West of Denver
 Colorado provided a revolving commitment to the Company in the amount of $1
500
000 and was in effect since its inception on July 16
 2012 and subsequent renewal on October 16
 2013 through the date of the renewal and expansion on August 27
The outstanding balance on the Company&#146;s revolving line of credit as of December 31
 2014 and 2013 was $1
620
519 and $1
220
655
The Company follows ASC 820
 Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
 which defines fair value
 establishes a framework for using fair value to measure assets and liabilities
Level 3: Unobservable pricing inputs that are generally less observable from objective sources
ASC 820 requires financial assets and liabilities to be classified based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The Company&#146;s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment
For the purposes of marketable securities where there is an active market
 the Company uses the quoted prices available for the identical asset or liability. As of December 31
 2013
 $108
228 assets held for sale valued using the Level 1 mark-to-market approach. As of December 31
 2014
 the Company had $34
The inputs used in the fair value measurements categorized within Level 3 include the stock price at the valuation date
 the exercise price of the warrant
 the expected period of time the warrant will be outstanding
 the annual volatility of the underlying stock price
 the annual yield rate of quarterly dividends
December 31
December 31
34
152
108
471
108
471
29
701
(115
(36
(87
42
(318
114
(143
34
152
108
471
During February 2015
 the warrant issued to Breakwater Structured Growth Opportunity Fund
 L.P for 420
549 shares
 set up as the Derivative Liability on the Company&#146;s balance sheet
On March 17
 2015
 iSatori reached a preliminary agreement with their primary banking institution
 Colorado Business Bank (CoBiz)
 in which the loan agreement and covenants will be modified and the Company will no longer be in forbearance. iSatori and CoBiz have agreed on the principal terms of the arrangement and are currently awaiting documentation from their respective legal teams. The Company has
 and will continue to
 enter into discussions with certain material vendors
 offering early pay discounts to improve the timing of accounts receivable collection. In addition
 the Company has
 and will continue to
 enter into discussions with certain material suppliers concerning extended credit terms to improve the flexibility of the Company's cash management program. These actions
 combined with the pending agreement with CoBiz
During February 2015
 the Company retained Self &amp; Associates to expand and implement a more robust corporate communications and investor relations program for IFIT. Management is planning to begin a series of financial meetings in various key markets. In March
 management will kick off meetings with members of the financial community in Southern California. These meetings will include several in Southern California from March 25 - 26 with meetings in LA and Santa Monica on March 25 and Newport Beach on March 26. Following Southern California
 IFIT management will plan to visit the New York - New Jersey areas. 











We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-76558
 No. 333-163604
 No. 333-188249
 and No. 333-188250) of iSatori
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) of our report dated March 26
 2015
 relating to the Company&#146;s financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
March 23
Denver
 Colorado


























 Stephen Adel&#233;
 certify that:


 Inc.;


 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;




 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this Annual Report is being prepared;


 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and


 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


 process
 summarize and report financial information; and


 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting.


Date: March 23
 2015




iSatori
 Inc.
































 Michael Wilemon
 certify that:


 Inc.;


 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;




 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this Annual Report is being prepared;


 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and


 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


 process
 summarize and report financial information; and


 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting.


Date: March 23
 2015




iSatori
 Inc.





























18 U.S.C. SECTION&nbsp;1350




In connection with the Annual Report of iSatori
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) on Form&nbsp;10-K for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2014
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 the undersigned hereby certifies
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:



(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.









March 23
 2015








March 23
 2015


























        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        



      


      




          


          




      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 at the option of the Company
 be converted into the equivalent of one-fifth (1/5th) of a share of common stock at any time after (i) the closing bid price of the common stock is at least $2.00 for at least 20 trading days during any 30 consecutive trading day period
 and (ii) the shares of common stock to be received on conversion have been registered or otherwise qualified for sale under applicable securities laws. The holders of the Series A Preferred have the right to convert each share into the equivalent of one-fifth (1/5th) of a share of common stock at any time. Upon any liquidation
 dissolution
 or winding up of the Company
 the holders of the Series A Preferred are entitled to receive $20 per share before the holders of common stock are entitled to receive any distribution. In the event the Company enters into any consolidation
 merger or other transaction in which the shares of Common Stock are exchanged for or changed into other stock or other securities
 each share of Series A Preferred will at the same time be similarly exchanged or changed into such consideration as is equal to four times the amount of consideration to be received for each share of common stock. Holders of the Series D Preferred are entitled to receive
 out of funds of the company legally available
 dividends at the annual rate of $1.80 per annum per share. The Company may redeem the Series D Preferred upon not less than 30 days' notice
 in whole or in part
 for an amount of $20 per share plus all accrued but unpaid dividends applicable to such share. After notice and prior to the expiration of the 30-day notice period
 holders of the Series D Preferred will have the option to convert the Series D Preferred into common stock prior to the redemption. Each share of the Series D Preferred may
 at the option of the Company
 be converted into the number of shares of common stock as determined by dividing $20 plus any accrued and unpaid dividends on such share by $80 at any time after (i) the closing bid price of the common stock exceeds $200.00 for 20 consecutive trading days
 and (ii) the Company has sustained positive earnings per share of common stock for the two previous fiscal quarters. The holders of the Series D Preferred have the right to convert each share at any time into the number of shares of common stock as determined by dividing $20 plus any accrued and unpaid dividends on such share by $80. The holders of the Series D Preferred are entitled to receive $20 per share plus any accrued and unpaid dividends on such share before the holders of common stock are entitled to receive any distribution. In the event the Company enters into any consolidation
 merger or other transaction in which the shares of Common Stock are exchanged for or changed into other stock or other securities

    
    
    
    

 including a minimum current ratio of 1.5 to 1
 a maximum leverage ratio of 2 to 1
 and minimum tangible equity capital of $2
750
000 through November 30
 2014
 and $3
000
000 thereafter
 as well as providing limitations on dividends
 additional indebtedness

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Inc. (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;)&#13;was incorporated under the laws of the state of Delaware on June 29

&#13;designing
 developing
 contracting for the manufacture
 marketing
 selling and distributing of various branded nutritional and&#13;dietary supplement products for the general nutrition market. The &amp;#147;general nutrition market&amp;#148; may include such activities&#13;as body-building


 cash&#13;and cash equivalents consist of petty cash

 including cash
 receivables
 inventory
 payables and debt obligations. The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents
&#13;receivables
 accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 the line of credit and notes payable approximates their fair values because of&#13;the short maturity of these instruments. As further described in Note 7 the Company has issued warrants which are measured at&#13;fair value on a recurring basis and result in a long-term derivative liability on the balance sheet. The actual and estimated&#13;fair values
 respectively









398

398



248

248





 or to the earliest unpaid&#13;invoices. The allowance for doubtful accounts represents an estimate of amounts considered uncollectible and is determined based&#13;on management&amp;#146;s historical collection experience
 adverse situations that may affect the customer&amp;#146;s ability to repay
&#13;and prevailing economic conditions. Specific accounts deemed uncollectible are written off periodically with subsequent receipts&#13;on previously written off accounts credited to bad debt expense. The allowance for doubtful accounts is $0 for each of the periods&#13;ended December 31
 2014 and December 31




323




398

 the Company has&#13;recorded an allowance for customer returns in the amount of approximately $85
000 at December 31
 2014 and $70
000 at December&#13;31








004

658

483

985

 the Company received&#13;from the purchaser of this product line an unsecured note in the amount of $ 170
000. The original note was due to be repaid on&#13;or before March 2014
 where interest accrued principally at an annual rate of 5%
 based upon the initial $170
000 principal and&#13;was payable monthly. As of March 31
 2013
 the note was novated and a new promissory note was issued to reflect a modification&#13;in the payment terms
 which includes no interest. The total note receivable balance at December 31
 2014 was $81
634
 and is due&#13;to be repaid in monthly increments through May 1

 ranging from three to ten years. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense when incurred. When property&#13;and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the related cost and accumulated depreciation are thereafter removed from&#13;the respective accounts and any gain or loss is credited or charged to income. Total depreciation expense was $65
774 and $83
450&#13;for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013

 websites
 as well as deposits and are included in Deposits and other&#13;Assets. The Company periodically performs reviews of other assets including amortizable intangible and depreciable tangible assets
&#13;for impairment purposes using undiscounted cash flow methodology. Factors considered important that may trigger an impairment&#13;of assets review include

800 and $11
698













 allowances
 discounts
 and product promotions. Sales to direct customers have an unconditional money&#13;back guarantee for thirty to ninety days after the date of purchase. Sales to a select number of retail customers carry a &amp;#147;Sale&#13;or Return&amp;#148; Purchase agreement per the sales contract
 where if minimum sales thresholds are not met within a required timeframe
&#13;the inventory will be returned to the Company for full credit. Other retail customers receive a percentage discount from invoice&#13;to cover any customer returns or damages they may incur. Returns
 trade allowances
 discounts and product promotions
 were $2
656
122&#13;and $2
114
060 for the years ending December 31
 2014 and 2013


 including any associated materials&#13;used in production

 deferred tax assets and liabilities&#13;are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying&#13;amounts of existing assets and liabilities
 and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using&#13;enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. See Note&#13;6

 there are no prior federal or state tax returns subject to examination. Accordingly
 the only taxable periods&#13;subject to examination by federal and state taxing authorities are the periods ended December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012. Federal&#13;and state tax returns for the Company prior to the short form merger are open for the period ended December 31

 comprising approximately 10
044 square feet
 in Golden (metropolitan Denver)
 Colorado.&#13;The total rent expense under the headquarters lease for each of the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 was $82
863. The lease&#13;term expires January 31
 2017 and requires equal monthly payments over the remaining term. Future payments under the headquarters&#13;lease are $172

 2014
 the Company&#13;entered into a lease for approximately 17
026 square feet in Denver for its warehouse operations (the &amp;#147;warehouse lease&amp;#148;.&#13;The total rent expense under the warehouse lease for the year ended December 31
 2014 was $0. The lease term expires on December&#13;31
 2018 and calls for inflation-adjusted increasing payments over the remaining term. Future payments under the warehouse lease&#13;are $374







 including print
 digital and television when the advertisement has been&#13;broadcast or otherwise finished and or distributed. The Company records website costs related to its direct-to-consumer advertisements&#13;in accordance with ASC 340-20 &amp;#147;Capitalized Advertising Costs&amp;#148;. In accordance with ASC 340-20
 direct response advertising&#13;costs incurred should be reported as assets and should be amortized over the estimated period of the benefits
 based on the proportion&#13;of current period revenue from the advertisements to probable future revenue. As of December 31
 2014 and December 31
 2013
 the&#13;Company had deferred $0 and $7
651 respectively
 related to such advertising costs. This amount was included in Deposits and other&#13;assets and was amortized over a one year period. Total Marketing expenses for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 totaled&#13;$1
500
362 and $2
232
548

&#13;which include the funding of clinical research studies
 as well as creation and development of new products
 are expensed when&#13;incurred. Research and development costs of $99
676 and $162
297 for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
&#13;are included in selling and marketing expense.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Distribution


000 per account. At times during the year

 2014
 sales to three customers made up 57% of total product revenue
 with each customer representing greater than 10% of product&#13;revenue on an individual basis. These customers&amp;#146; combined accounts receivable balances were 51% of total accounts receivable&#13;as of December 31
 2014. During the year ended December 31
 2013
 sales to three customers made up 58% of total product revenue
&#13;with each customer representing greater than 10% of product revenue on an individual basis. These customers&amp;#146; combined accounts&#13;receivable balances were 73% of total accounts receivable as of December 31

 2014
 purchases from three vendors made up 63% of total inventory purchases. These vendors&amp;#146; combined accounts payable&#13;balances were 44% of total accounts payable as of December 31
 2014. During the year ended December 31
 2013
 purchases from two&#13;vendors made up 57% of total inventory purchases. These vendors&amp;#146; combined accounts payable balances were 17% of total accounts&#13;payable as of December 31

 NOL allowance
 sales&#13;returns allowance


 2014 and 2013
 the effect of considering any common stock equivalents
 if exercisable

 2014 and December 31





689

862

 the Financial&#13;Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-15
 Presentation of Financial Statements&#13;- Going Concern. The objective of ASU 2014-15 is to provide guidance on management&amp;#146;s responsibility to evaluate whether&#13;there is substantial doubt about a company&amp;#146;s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures.&#13;ASU 2014-15 is effective for fiscal years ending after December 15
 2016

 the FASB issued&#13;ASU 2014-09
 which establishes a comprehensive new revenue recognition standard designed to depict the transfer of goods or services&#13;to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services.&#13;In doing so
 companies may need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under current revenue recognition guidance.&#13;The ASU allows for the use of either the full or modified retrospective transition method


 spokesperson and consulting agreements with varying original terms ranging from six months to one year. These&#13;endorsers
 spokespersons and consultants are generally paid a monthly fee for their services
 including promotion and marketing&#13;activities per the agreements. All of these agreements may be terminated by either party upon breach or default in the terms of&#13;the agreements. The Company expensed $102
650 and $161
950 under these agreements in 2014 and 2013

 for a total expense of $18




 the Company accrues a loss contingency if it is probable and can reasonably be estimated or a liability&#13;has been incurred at the date of the financial statements. If both of these conditions are not met
 or if an exposure to loss&#13;exists in excess of the amount accrued
 disclosure of the contingency shall be made when there is at least a reasonable possibility&#13;that a loss or an additional loss may have been incurred. The Company is exposed to legal claims encountered in the normal course&#13;of business. See Note 5


 claims and proceedings arising in the normal course of business
 including claims related to breach of contracts
&#13;product liabilities and intellectual property matters resulting from the Company&amp;#146;s business activities. As with most actions&#13;such as these
 an estimation of any possible and/or ultimate liability cannot always be determined. The following summaries highlight&#13;the current status of certain material commercial litigation in which the Company is involved.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;On May 17
 2013 and on January&#13;31
 2014 the Company received demand letters from the Environmental Research Corporation
 &amp;#147;ERC&amp;#148; requesting substantiation&#13;of compliance with the State of California&amp;#146;s Proposition 65 regulations for ten of its products. In October
 while the Company&#13;was awaiting the results of the compliance testing
 ERC contacted the Company again requesting settlement to their initial demand&#13;letter. And in February 2014
 before compliance testing or any other demand letter validation was completed
 ERC contacted the&#13;Company again requesting settlement to their second demand letter. After many discussions with ERC
 a lawsuit was filed by ERC&#13;for the non-compliance issues with the State of California&amp;#146; Proposition 65 regulations. After many conversations and mediation&#13;attempts
 both parties have agreed to a settlement
 which has been approved by the iSatori Board of Directors. The documents are&#13;currently being generated for presentation to the California Court. Once accepted by the court

 2014 the Company&#13;received a summons in a civil action filed by Wise Sports Nutrition
 LLC claiming alleged trademark infringement for iSatori&amp;#146;s
&#13;Garcinia Trim product. Company counsel has made contact with the plaintiff&amp;#146;s attorney and filed a response to the alleged&#13;trademark infringement with the Company&amp;#146;s counterclaims. The Company believes the counterclaims have strong merit and are&#13;pursuing their defense. Both parties have prepared responses and presented them to the court. The court has recently ruled in&#13;favor of iSatori and its filing of a summary judgment. As a result of this ruling the trademark has been ruled as &amp;#147;descriptive&amp;#148;&#13;and therefore not eligible for trademark assignment. iSatori has been contacted by the former plaintiff in this case to discuss&#13;a favorable settlement with iSatori. Settlement discussions will get underway promptly. The Company believes now that a favorable&#13;condition exists for settlement but it is too early in the settlement proceedings to make a determination of the outcome. Therefore


 and 2013
 the Company recognized income tax expense of $278
697 and $2
828

 2014 and 2013
&#13;management believes there are no uncertain tax liabilities. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain&#13;tax positions in income tax (benefit)/expense. No interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions were accrued at December&#13;31

&#13;2014 and December 31














828&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=line-height: 0.45pt; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=line-height: 0.45pt; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=line-height: 0.45pt; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=line-height: 0.45pt; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=line-height: 0.45pt; margin: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;The reconciliations of the results&#13;of applying the Company's effective statutory federal income tax rate of 35% for the years ended December 31
 2014 and December&#13;31









































 2014
 the&#13;Company has federal and state income tax net operating loss (NOL) carry forwards of $2
031



129

031

 2014
 approximately&#13;$8.208 million of net operating loss carry forwards for federal income tax purposes and approximately $8.208 million of net operating&#13;loss carry forwards for state income tax purposes
 existed and were previously generated by a predecessor company. The Tax Reform&#13;Act of 1986 contains provisions that limit the utilization of net operating loss and tax credit carry forwards if there has been&#13;a change of ownership as described in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. According to a preliminary analysis performed&#13;by the Company
 it was determined that these net operating loss carry forwards would not currently be available for utilization&#13;by the Company. As such
 these net operating loss carry forwards which had previously been 100% allowed for
 have been removed&#13;from the deferred tax assets. The availability of the net operating loss carry forwards may be analyzed further in future accounting&#13;periods. If a positive determination is made

&#13;the company has not been able to utilize certain NOL carry forwards. In recognition of this risk
 at December 31
 2014
 and 2013
&#13;a valuation allowance of $844
543 and $410
140
 respectively
 has been recognized on the deferred tax assets relating to the net&#13;operating loss carry forwards. Should future financial performance change and it is determined the Company can realize the use&#13;of these net operating losses

 at certain other deferred tax assets&#13;at December 31
 2014 have been reduced by a valuation allowance for the amount of any tax benefits which
 more likely than not&#13;based on current circumstances
 are not expected to be realized. Should the Company achieve sufficient
 sustained income in the&#13;future


 2014
 there were&#13;12
909
278 shares of common stock
 par value $.01 per share

 2014

 2011 the Company&#13;issued warrants
 now totaling 420
549 shares
 to purchase 3% of fully diluted shares of the common stock of the Company to Breakwater&#13;Structured Growth Opportunity Fund
 L.P.
 (the &amp;#147;Breakwater warrant&amp;#148;) with an imputed exercise price equal to approximately&#13;one-hundredth of a dollar in connection with a $1.025 million subordinated mezzanine loan arrangement. These warrants are fully&#13;vested and expire on June 15

 was an obligation by the Company to
 among other things
 honor an irrevocable put right through which the&#13;Company agreed to purchase up to the 3% of fully diluted shares of its common stock underlying the warrant
 which expires on July&#13;15
 2016. Upon completion of the Merger
 the irrevocable put right was removed.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;The Company used a lattice model&#13;in developing a fair value for the Breakwater warrant obligation at December 31
 2014
 using a quoted stock value of $.375 per&#13;share
 which represents a discount of 50% from the closing stock price. This reduction was based on the application of a discount&#13;for lack of liquidity. Other assumptions used in the valuations include (a) risk free interest rate of .67% based on duration
&#13;(b) weighted average expected term in years of 1.58
 (c) weighted average expected stock volatility of 37.13%
 (d) expected dividends&#13;of 0% (e) stock price movements ranging from 1.053 to .950 and (f) risk neutral probabilities ranging from .488 to .512. These&#13;valuations resulted in net income of $318
166 and in the Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31
 2014. In addition
&#13;as of June 28
 2013
 $87
755 was reclassified to additional paid in capital from derivative liability due to the exercise of a&#13;prior warrant
 and revaluations resulted in net income of $143
082 in the Statement of Operations for the year ended December&#13;31

 2013
 the&#13;Company entered into a one year agreement
 subject to quarterly cancellation at the Company&amp;#146;s sole discretion
 with Microcap&#13;Headlines
 Inc. In connection with this agreement
 the Company issued warrants to purchase an aggregate of 100
000 shares of the&#13;Company&amp;#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $2.25 per share (the &amp;#147;Microcap warrants&amp;#148;). These warrants were&#13;subject to conditional vesting schedule in one-fourth (quarterly) increments
 subject to the Company&amp;#146;s sole discretion.&#13;The first increment was granted and fully vested on January 1
 2013
 the second increment was granted and fully vested on April&#13;1
 2013
 the third increment was granted and fully vested on July 1
 2013
 and the fourth increment was granted and fully vested&#13;on October 1
 2013. These vested warrants expire on January 1

 2013
 the&#13;Company entered into a business consulting agreement with Optivest Global Partners
 LLC. In connection with this agreement
 the&#13;Company issued warrants to purchase an aggregate of 250
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at an exercise price of&#13;$2.25 per share (the &amp;#147;Optivest warrants&amp;#148;). These warrants are fully vested and expire July 16
 2018. These warrants&#13;will be assignable and transferable

069
587&#13;outstanding warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock which were issued by Integrated in fiscal years 2009 and before. Of these
&#13;17
230 expired on July 29
 2012 and the remainder expired on May 31










 2012
 the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;Board of Directors approved the 2012 Performance Incentive Plan (the Plan&amp;#148;). The Plan allows the Company to promote the&#13;success of the Corporation and to increase stockholder value by providing an additional means through the grant of awards to attract
&#13;motivate
 retain and reward selected employees and other eligible persons. Any stock option granted in the form of an incentive&#13;stock option will be intended to comply with the requirements of Section 422 of the Code. Only stock options granted to employees&#13;qualify for incentive stock option treatment. A stock option may be exercised in whole or in installments
 which may be cumulative.&#13;Shares of common stock purchased upon the exercise of a stock option must be paid for in full at the time of the exercise in cash&#13;or such other consideration determined by the compensation committee. Payment may include tendering shares of common stock or&#13;surrendering of a stock award

 being the Board or one or more committees appointed by the Board or another committee (within its delegated&#13;authority) to administer all or certain aspects of this Plan. The Administrator has full and exclusive power within the limitations&#13;set forth in the Plan to make all decisions and determinations regarding the selection of participants and the granting of awards;&#13;establishing the terms and conditions relating to each award; adopting rules

 2014
 the Company&#13;issued options to purchase 10
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock to an employee with an exercise price of $2.50 per&#13;share and which contained three year vesting schedules of 1/3 each year through October 2016. These options were due to expire&#13;on October 15
 2023. In September 2014
 upon termination of employment prior to vesting

 2014
 the Company&#13;issued options to purchase 6
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock to an employee with an exercise price of $2.22 per&#13;share and which contain three year vesting schedules of 1/3 each year through February 2017. These options were due to expire&#13;on February 10
 2024. In December
 2014
 upon termination of employment prior to vesting

 2013
 the Company&#13;issued options to purchase 50
000 shares of the Company stock to an employee
 having an exercise price of $2.10
 and which contain&#13;three year vesting schedules of 1/3 each year through September 2015. These options are due to expire on September 17
 2023.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;The Company applied fair value&#13;accounting for all share based payment awards. The fair value of each option granted is estimated on the date of grant using the&#13;Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The total valuation of the options granted in 2014 was $3
363. Due to their forfeiture prior&#13;to vesting
 expense of $747 recognized in previous quarters of 2014 was reversed within subsequent periods of 2014
 for a net&#13;expense of $0 related to 2014 grants for the year ended December 31
 2014. The total valuation of the options granted in 2013&#13;was $30
985
 which is being expensed over the three year vesting period. The expense recognized related to these options for the&#13;year ended December 31
 2014 was $10
















 for&#13;the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company has recognized $12
619 in share based compensation expense arising from the amortization&#13;of option awards granted prior to January 1

 2014
 the Company&#13;issued 5
603 shares of restricted stock to members of its board of directors. On September 23
 2014
 the Company issued 4
098&#13;shares of restricted stock to a new member of its board of directors. On October 28
 2014
 the Company issued 7
738 shares of&#13;restricted stock to members of its board of directors. On November 13
 2014
 the Company issued 4
688 shares to a new member of&#13;its board of directors. The Company is amortizing total expense related to these issuances over the restriction period which is&#13;equivalent to the directors&amp;#146; one-year term. The Company has recorded share based compensation expense due to these issuances&#13;of $16
568 for the year ended December 31
 2014. In addition
 for the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company has amortized&#13;prior expense of $9
212 to equity related to grants of restricted stock made prior to January 1

 2014
 the Company&#13;issued 7
500 shares of its $.01 par value common stock to a business development consultant. The Company considered the fair value&#13;of the shares issued to be the most reliable measure of compensation to the consultant. At the time of issuance
 the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;stock price was $2.17 per share
 and therefore the issuance resulted in $16
275 of share based compensation expense for the year&#13;ended December 31


&#13;the Company assumed into its capital structure the convertible stock originally issued by Integrated. Accordingly
 at December&#13;31
 2014
 the Company&amp;#146;s convertible preferred stock
 $0.01 par value per share







 2014
 the Company had 9
500 shares of its Series A $20 Convertible Preferred&#13;Stock (the &amp;#147;Series A Preferred&amp;#148;) outstanding. Holders of the Series A Preferred are not entitled to receive any dividends
&#13;and have no voting rights unless otherwise required pursuant to Delaware law. Each share of the Series A Preferred may
 at the&#13;option of the Company
 be converted into the equivalent of one-fifth (1/5th) of a share of common stock at any time after (i)&#13;the closing bid price of the common stock is at least $2.00 for at least 20 trading days during any 30 consecutive trading day&#13;period
 and (ii) the shares of common stock to be received on conversion have been registered or otherwise qualified for sale&#13;under applicable securities laws. The holders of the Series A Preferred have the right to convert each share into the equivalent&#13;of one-fifth (1/5th) of a share of common stock at any time. Upon any liquidation
 dissolution
 or winding up of the Company
&#13;the holders of the Series A Preferred are entitled to receive $20 per share before the holders of common stock are entitled to&#13;receive any distribution. In the event the Company enters into any consolidation
 merger or other transaction in which the shares&#13;of Common Stock are exchanged for or changed into other stock or other securities

 2014 the Company had 13
000 shares of its Series D $20 Convertible Preferred Stock (the &amp;#147;Series D&#13;Preferred&amp;#148;) outstanding. Holders of the Series D Preferred are entitled to receive
 out of funds of the Company legally&#13;available

 in whole or in part
 for an amount of $20 per share plus all accrued but&#13;unpaid dividends applicable to such share. After notice and prior to the expiration of the 30-day notice period
 holders of the&#13;Series D Preferred will have the option to convert the Series D Preferred into common stock prior to the redemption. Each share&#13;of the Series D Preferred may
 at the option of the Company
 be converted into the number of shares of common stock as determined&#13;by dividing $20 plus any accrued and unpaid dividends on such share by $80 at any time after (i) the closing bid price of the&#13;common stock exceeds $200.00 for 20 consecutive trading days
 and (ii) the Company has sustained positive earnings per share of&#13;common stock for the two previous fiscal quarters. The holders of the Series D Preferred have the right to convert each share&#13;at any time into the number of shares of common stock as determined by dividing $20 plus any accrued and unpaid dividends on such&#13;share by $80. The holders of the Series D Preferred are entitled to receive $20 per share plus any accrued and unpaid dividends&#13;on such share before the holders of common stock are entitled to receive any distribution. In the event the Company enters into&#13;any consolidation
 merger or other transaction in which the shares of Common Stock are exchanged for or changed into other stock&#13;or other securities


 Colorado on August 27

000
000. Amounts outstanding under the agreement will be reflected in a promissory note with a principal balance&#13;of $2
000
000 and a maturity date of November 16
 2015 (the &amp;#147;Promissory Note&amp;#148;). The principal balance on the Promissory&#13;Note bears interest at the one month USD LIBOR rate measured not more often than once per month (the &amp;#147;Index&amp;#148;). Interest&#13;on any unpaid balance under the promissory note will bear interest at the Index plus 3.75% with a minimum interest rate of 4.00%&#13;per annum
 and is payable monthly. The agreement requires the Company to comply with certain affirmative covenants
 including&#13;a minimum current ratio of 1.5 to 1
 a maximum leverage ratio of 2 to 1
 and minimum tangible equity capital of $2
750
000 through&#13;November 30
 2014
 and $3
000
000 thereafter
 as well as providing limitations on dividends
 additional indebtedness
 and certain&#13;other changes.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;On January 7
 2015
 Colorado&#13;Business Bank provided the Company with notice of a non-monetary event of default concerning the Company&amp;#146;s violation of&#13;the minimum tangible equity capital covenant set forth in the loan agreement. On March 17
 2015
 iSatori reached a preliminary&#13;agreement with their primary banking institution
 Colorado Business Bank (&amp;#34;CoBiz&amp;#34;)
 in which the loan agreement and&#13;covenants will be modified and the Company will no longer be in forbearance. iSatori and CoBiz have agreed on the principal terms&#13;of the arrangement and are currently awaiting documentation from their respective legal teams. The Company has
 and will continue&#13;to
 enter into discussions with certain material vendors
 offering early pay discounts to improve the timing of accounts receivable&#13;collection. In addition
 the Company has
 and will continue to
 enter into discussions with certain material suppliers concerning&#13;extended credit terms to improve the flexibility of the Company's cash management program. These actions
 combined with the pending&#13;agreement with CoBiz
 will help ensure the Company's liquidity and compliance with its loan covenants.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s prior line&#13;of credit with Colorado Business Bank West of Denver
 Colorado provided a revolving commitment to the Company in the amount of&#13;$1
500
000 and was in effect since its inception on July 16
 2012 and subsequent renewal on October 16
 2013 through the date&#13;of the renewal and expansion on August 27

 2014 and 2013 was $1
620
519 and $1
220
655


&#13;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
 which defines fair value
 establishes a framework for using fair value to measure assets&#13;and liabilities



 the Company uses the quoted prices available for the identical asset or liability.&#13;As of December 31
 2013
 $108
228 assets held for sale valued using the Level 1 mark-to-market approach. As of December 31
 2014
&#13;the Company had $34
979 assets held for sale valued using the Level 1 mark-to-market approach.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;The inputs used in the fair value&#13;measurements categorized within Level 3 include the stock price at the valuation date
 the exercise price of the warrant
 the&#13;expected period of time the warrant will be outstanding
 the annual volatility of the underlying stock price
 the annual yield&#13;rate of quarterly dividends























 the warrant issued to Breakwater Structured Growth Opportunity Fund
 L.P for 420
549 shares
 set up as the Derivative&#13;Liability on the Company&amp;#146;s balance sheet
 was exercised and shares issued to the company.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Bank Line of Credit&lt;/b&gt;. &lt;font style=line-height: 107%&gt;On&#13;March 17
 2015
 iSatori reached a preliminary agreement with their primary banking institution
 Colorado Business Bank (&amp;#34;CoBiz&amp;#34;)
&#13;in which the loan agreement and covenants will be modified and the Company will no longer be in forbearance. iSatori and CoBiz&#13;have agreed on the principal terms of the arrangement and are currently awaiting documentation from their respective legal teams.&#13;The Company has
 and will continue to
 enter into discussions with certain material vendors
 offering early pay discounts to improve&#13;the timing of accounts receivable collection. In addition
 the Company has
 and will continue to
 enter into discussions with&#13;certain material suppliers concerning extended credit terms to improve the flexibility of the Company's cash management program.&#13;These actions
 combined with the pending agreement with CoBiz
 will help ensure the Company's liquidity and compliance with its&#13;loan covenants.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;New Investor Relations Program.&#13;&lt;/b&gt;During February 2015
 the Company retained Self &amp;#38; Associates to expand and implement a more robust corporate communications&#13;and investor relations program for IFIT. Management is planning to begin a series of financial meetings in various key markets.&#13;In March
 management will kick off meetings with members of the financial community in Southern California. These meetings will&#13;include several in Southern California from March 25 - 26 with meetings in LA and Santa Monica on March 25 and Newport Beach on&#13;March 26. Following Southern California


Inc. (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;)&#13;was incorporated under the laws of the state of Delaware on June 29

&#13;designing
 developing
 contracting for the manufacture
 marketing
 selling and distributing of various branded nutritional and&#13;dietary supplement products for the general nutrition market. The &amp;#147;general nutrition market&amp;#148; may include such activities&#13;as body-building


    

 cash&#13;and cash equivalents consist of petty cash


 including cash
 receivables
 inventory
 payables and debt obligations. The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents
&#13;receivables
 accounts payable
 accrued expenses


 or to the earliest unpaid&#13;invoices. The allowance for doubtful accounts represents an estimate of amounts considered uncollectible and is determined based&#13;on management&amp;#146;s historical collection experience
 adverse situations that may affect the customer&amp;#146;s ability to repay




 ranging from three to ten years. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense when incurred. When property&#13;and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of


 websites
 as well as deposits and are included in Deposits and other&#13;Assets. The Company periodically performs reviews of other assets including amortizable intangible and depreciable tangible assets
&#13;for impairment purposes using undiscounted cash flow methodology. Factors considered important that may trigger an impairment&#13;of assets review include


 allowances
 discounts
 and product promotions. Sales to direct customers have an unconditional money&#13;back guarantee for thirty to ninety days after the date of purchase. Sales to a select number of retail customers carry a &amp;#147;Sale&#13;or Return&amp;#148; Purchase agreement per the sales contract
 where if minimum sales thresholds are not met within a required timeframe



 including any associated materials&#13;used in production


 deferred tax assets and liabilities&#13;are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying&#13;amounts of existing assets and liabilities
 and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using&#13;enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. See Note&#13;6

 there are no prior federal or state tax returns subject to examination. Accordingly
 the only taxable periods&#13;subject to examination by federal and state taxing authorities are the periods ended December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012. Federal&#13;and state tax returns for the Company prior to the short form merger are open for the period ended December 31


 comprising approximately 10
044 square feet
 in Golden (metropolitan Denver)
 Colorado.&#13;The lease term expires January 31

 2014
 the Company&#13;entered into a lease for approximately 17
026 square feet in Denver for its warehouse operations (the &amp;#147;warehouse lease&amp;#148;).  The lease term expires on December&#13;31



 including print
 digital and television when the advertisement has been&#13;broadcast or otherwise finished and or distributed. The Company records website costs related to its direct-to-consumer advertisements&#13;in accordance with ASC 340-20 &amp;#147;Capitalized Advertising Costs&amp;#148;. In accordance with ASC 340-20
 direct response advertising&#13;costs incurred should be reported as assets and should be amortized over the estimated period of the benefits
 based on the proportion&#13;of current period revenue from the advertisements to probable future revenue. As of December 31
 2014 and December 31
 2013
 the&#13;Company had deferred $0 and $7
651 respectively


&#13;which include the funding of clinical research studies
 as well as creation and development of new products





000 per account. At times during the year

 2014
 sales to three customers made up 57% of total product revenue
 with each customer representing greater than 10% of product&#13;revenue on an individual basis. These customers&amp;#146; combined accounts receivable balances were 51% of total accounts receivable&#13;as of December 31
 2014. During the year ended December 31
 2013
 sales to three customers made up 58% of total product revenue
&#13;with each customer representing greater than 10% of product revenue on an individual basis. These customers&amp;#146; combined accounts&#13;receivable balances were 73% of total accounts receivable as of December 31

 2014
 purchases from three vendors made up 63% of total inventory purchases. These vendors&amp;#146; combined accounts payable&#13;balances were 44% of total accounts payable as of December 31
 2014. During the year ended December 31
 2013
 purchases from two&#13;vendors made up 57% of total inventory purchases. These vendors&amp;#146; combined accounts payable balances were 17% of total accounts&#13;payable as of December 31


 NOL allowance
 sales&#13;returns allowance



 2014 and 2013
 the effect of considering any common stock equivalents
 if exercisable


 the Financial&#13;Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-15
 Presentation of Financial Statements&#13;- Going Concern. The objective of ASU 2014-15 is to provide guidance on management&amp;#146;s responsibility to evaluate whether&#13;there is substantial doubt about a company&amp;#146;s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures.&#13;ASU 2014-15 is effective for fiscal years ending after December 15
 2016

 the FASB issued&#13;ASU 2014-09
 which establishes a comprehensive new revenue recognition standard designed to depict the transfer of goods or services&#13;to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services.&#13;In doing so
 companies may need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under current revenue recognition guidance.&#13;The ASU allows for the use of either the full or modified retrospective transition method










398

398



248

248









323




398








004

658

483

985

























689

862


&#13;2014 and December 31















    












































129

031

    













































    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 the Company received from the purchaser of this product line an unsecured note in the amount of $170
000. The original note was due to be repaid on or before March 2014
 where interest accrued principally at an annual rate of 5%
 based upon the initial $170
000 principal and was payable monthly. As of March 31
 2013
 the note was novated and a new promissory note was issued to reflect a modification in the payment terms

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    










    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2011
 the company issued warrants to purchase 3% of fully diluted shares of the common stock of the Company to Breakwater Structured Growth Opportunity Fund
 L.P.

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 subject to the Company&#146;s sole discretion. The first increment was granted and fully vested on January 1
 2013
 the second increment was granted and fully vested on April 1
 2013
 the third increment was granted and fully vested on July 1
 2013
 and the fourth increment was granted and fully vested on October 1

    
    
    
    

 2014
 using a quoted stock value of $.375 per share

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

069
587 outstanding warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock which were issued by Integrated in fiscal years 2009 and before. Of these
 17
230 expired on July 29
 2012 and the remainder expired on May 31

    
    
    
    
    
    
    





















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  





























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      










      





      






      

      



 Individual Contracts



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


















      


      

      





      

























      





      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      








      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      

      


      


      

      
































      


      


      


      





      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      






      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      






      


      

      


      










      


      

      


      


      


      



 returns



      












      










      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      



 Recurring and Nonrecurring




 Recurring and Nonrecurring


      


      










      


      










      










      


      



 Options







      


      


      










 Options
 Outstanding







      


      


      










 Options




















 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested







      


      


      










 Equity Instruments Other than Options




 weighted average exercise price outstanding
















 weighted average exercise price outstanding




 weighted average exercise price exercisable




 Equity Instruments Other than Options




 weighted average remaining contractual life outstanding




 weighted average remaining contractual life




 weighted average remaining contractual life outstanding




 weighted average remaining contractual life exercisable



      


      

      

      

      


      

      

      




      


      

      










      


      






      


      


      















      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      

      

      


      


      


      


















 Net Derivative Asset (Liability) Measured on Recurring Basis




 Net Derivative Asset (Liability) Measured on Recurring Basis


















      


      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 outstanding


      

      

      

      

      


 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months



 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months


      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months



 Equity Instruments Other than Options


      


 Outstanding



 exercised



 forfeitures



 outstanding at end of period



 exercisable at end of period



 granted during the period



 outstanding at end of period
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months



 exercisable at end of period
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months



 granted during the period
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months


      

      

      

      

      

      





 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant



 Plant and Equipment





      

      




      

      




      

      

      

      

      


 Extraordinary Items


      


 Amortization and Accretion


      

      




      

      

      


 Plant


      

      

      

      




      

      





 Notes





      

      

      


 Gross

















      




      

      

      

      





 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals


      





 Valuation Allowance









 Property












 Options
 Outstanding



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested


      

      




      


 Long Lived












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


Fair Value Measurements
 Recurring and Nonrecurring
 Valuation Techniques [Line Items]
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Expected volatility
 minimum
        
        


Expected volatility
 maximum
        
        


Risk free interest rate
 minimum
        
        


Risk free interest rate
 maximum
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Fair Value Measurements
 Recurring and Nonrecurring
 Valuation Techniques [Line Items]
        
        


        
        
        


Exercise price
 lower range limit
        
        


Exercise price
 upper range limit
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Risk free interest rate
 minimum
        
        


Risk free interest rate
 maximum
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the reason and justification for its use
 and the periods for which the method was used if it was not used in all periods presented.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      










        
        
        


        
350
000
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
420
549




        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx



1E;F\Y9FK

M%(N\V\8Y:U+RGSB/54.]B:7S9/.3I0N]2?EO6'%OJK59$9?3Z16OG$UDTR0-
M

MH1#@W\!^&X`N'X`

M4
0J4

RJ4
RJ4
RJ
M4
RJ4
RJ4
RJ4
RJ4
RJ4
RJ4




MDL].PS`
QN](O$/D^^IN2`BAI;M
2+LA5![`).X?M8VC)$#W]H0#@DICV]'V


M@Q7SG-


M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````O)G-;MLP$(3O!?H.`N^QO$O:28K(

M?MB$5)EQ*I:G)V)G6;






:?_V9L\+]M1&Y-&J^DE+\/NM\+V




I_';JR!&*6;=)!=



M070P[@Q_*1C9*+9G2K&




`8


MJQN;8$SIK
YG07


:Q@_%`9\4
MY84F/ZFREZ'CP!]


!`
-QDAH
M^CXQ$

M9CIIF`X:;^%5!]XD4G@'LQ_-2TPR7[0G=W!^#;W]%P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`


M;)2878^K-A&[ROU/R#N$VSS81PE.5I8;7ND5JJJ?ERSQ$G0AC@]N/\^XZQ
M@['9;
/-.1ORYO7CF6$&O/[V49^\-]ZTE3AO?+Q$OL?/I=A5Y\/&__NOIT7J




_`LQ(N4?M_)2_#C8/+KISX#



4X3%!B*_*Q`J
80=&F@\1BA$J^/SA2


REV
MV)R5

M4D;#R+1#&V]6]\?3]L]

U(QF&[?Y11RGQ*'/M8N.


MTR+6/^XNT')*IUR




$%``&``@````A`/6[#895`@``




M(

0'-SO[Z=1
M.BF2HOP_A01'/N26KJ8:[5#
#3P3#-0-X+)#
@N6?[/9!#)G;EWA_Q14!OH
MQNNB2*=S\@HE9'O-PP5-%I]J'B]IDE/-\I(F'34$8HQ9H$+'62YWYY#!B:$/

M%(;G5/%XK
C+\G92G@K@!7&/8@\RR=)/@J]S#_83P&NN8O5*]%;U#'&W`6



M:&5E=#
X+GAM;)1676^;


7\R[;E@FQJB/LY3$AQ




`
;SA\1^J7$)=CLG^U^T!GX+IR25F1?JQ_\


M24
6!5DP=F=M$.=I.'%';IQ68M&VV+B8-1(5D?0P(?ABF5$B,WNW;G0NZXE
MXP@:JC=]0T/L/4-5%SQP#3*83^)LC
/#
@TEQ)TF3\7LDQKP:1!(&8?):
MT
8C


-'M!_
MTRW_`@``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`5HZC&J

M(^U*J]5^7(=@(&H2HSB4]M_OV.


M
M1\Y1[;]K3P?9X?:95QCYUH#;_L65-E+7QM#CX_-33;R8NJT@^#X-&OLJ)V
M




9.[1D#D+MGZW[7E'







9.Q
4N?R9C@XZ(O7TIT6BMJ**8=GUC)=WESF1L

ML;6D-\T[O
N\I=JF&S8MK*L2]2PDO


]9V7\3)KO\'ROH_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`








M^GM*XG*_-


MQ)OZ-ZU81%0Y^!*6X6I1B)





5=

M-0
F#KM7`+$BOPX(-5Q%5#+K#4CT45`=;HK

-1:(&X696

UK6HX;]\3IW@UH^4'ZT9G+?.PFCA@9U;T2


ME%C;CJLV%'VOU']`O=@@[E$28X.C*8]4BM552_/A#@)FH`C88S?]_MRX!M




M3V[Q




`F)9EIA(!W$R$_-]5Q?#WLK1NZPCFZ.-C4



@RTMB5'G%V$^2(2)2F0X($2@;I1LA0]`T'X^9


M
HV#R!*?*\#]A


U=.FL

M%NED4QJ($*%@]







M('AT7














Z**WT&FQ11=@

:)=OH=5BF]8Z4#NCZ6FQ&_EX
6:Q
M:V[K@V4\EN/YD(T)M[[EK!XRAQ[[[W.J)]G\5J%W1C/LT2`


8P.]\QMH`^K-;Z#^Z?KUM[P
<
MJ_Y!-\:V_^FP_0
``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`-3^54]'`P``T`D``!D`


L*54.
M
#0R1:52[=SS9%;2FDB7M[2!2

/O)L5]-&61)!*Z)`ORQ9*X]L=78-74W$\ZZ]RWC=`L6&54R]&5+D
MU-G\R[;A@FPJR/L53TEVY#8W9_0URP27O%`NT'E6Z'G.
V_F`=-RD3/(0-ON

M0SQP@R3$8?1_%L\J

\
M:)840;M#%A+J\[(






S
K^3#=IP;81J<YQ$
M
4:\9:H0;97C;U^7-V.

M$T(


HR-4U*?:/W#`(%&RBU&

M%_A(+9U-M=HBV#3PFZ:C;@LF$W!VE0T@G\#1U_J[4@'/F3PXEQS#;H?E!MJS
MF65)



2E4O8X







N/_$SV[@?K'&_W_WZR_J-U\_-
MD;'6@0CG9N

MK\K+LXL15O4M



&\2)*_(``W'EB


R[M2&IE1DRBI`X
WK

M@@8)GUH?CNP=0:@
H4O-

Y:9$$)/[[6/\(6-9Y?
M\$,3-50B@_[H-N*-!H9/5TE;,56:9;YDPGU3^WFD0*A.%;4=L-
(20_DXWE



4*0FF!X9PCB40/K$$H#&H7#Y@Q^=)8Y2[3Y8(#\ECDKD-;`

S

M4X`)
K



&6I]LN:`@&T_T40^:-B8*0)0K-\-)CR



HP'@TE8$5;[

&

J6\
M!`'P[54
6P


M?BU28]H6;@T;PV`I&-D*+GM&




M``#__P
$0*(DHPZMWAEI1EJM

UHU4#(;9%68B/-JAM5=GB




$X08*:
E`



M&
$NE?%RRGH4%,*IA#9-G(`8@]L!EER01$-:!H).*22H%OH_6TBG`3EH@$
MT62(+R&E9CI0)\J`1C`])YC`9KA-@)-6-BQSL
I@:!U$1=\D+/\W1!H@J
M0!-HA.'ZM%M




0ZH=&L-[X4


M2J.SXWOX`1

M
C?IGOQ*V;ZHN562'83T''RE




MU.FCXUO=9J31:[/-$==$*(@#Y]^M]/%56V=^WE$V#ZH95\7K7!RW59+H@_

+]_W[S9
3V7BWVKZ-?(6'PS4U]L_/V_6FVJ^_



+DE#*%[&=Z5QDV15)TOMTD2?Y[(8J
MB3WY<QGW0W@S27*_R//I;#&__MTD[3FY']HZU[^?L7?H;'BU.JV^?#[L?]S9
M7FRK'=]7;DPD#ZYT:[4WIC/_S[RWIKLJO[HRCR-KF;7U:#O,[U_R9?IY_+N]
MR.N@*53Q(JR5;@KZLI6'-0MH*^3Q56:5M-6$1Q(#_SE=J^C.-`<&`+&UKK.
XZYVSNF?A-?/SD$^L

MH0NER\DRG3


5^PJU@.BIB]52=J



9_G




:P9`51?_(EDH0OXA-TTG.O[=00YL&B``B@2@@
M&HBA)+;'Q5Z9)WGF_SB?).Y=BP:IWSC*XBH3[Y93ZI.0Q)DRO:'ZD[4]K\&

93$





WZTD%FAI(
M`T0`D4`4$`W$4!+;P1/U!3L&DG3&5N)BZD7^[G1N/PR








QE

&])!:0&T@`1000!40#
M<8\.Z3[F\B;Y)X'X!U/L-H=OFW+S^GJ\6^^_NZ=\9/:#G(YV3R#Y-75?;&\
M2!ZJ\W

_-]D1:D


SX)1PLSVE*[EFZJT@M




^J1W8
/:LH(^9&H+%_F#U@]Z!G]S)2(YW







7EX4!MPO/LN_P
``/__
M`P!02P



M=S/]




_

GRN#
$D^M%!U*W
M)K^O3/P[!T_./*=)F)

MQ)

MR60R-48#PV!.7B:


F*JS(A@!@*OQ


EG4H&G


MA`P;\SZ]J(WD#$;R0&-I(C1&V$UE+KM23ZV`/YXP/`VR:DWX_;HF*ZJD7
M2(7

_&0TH\VGA





+
MS)+$!GJJ0`+R10!$#1'`'!J6'%
'@Q(-0

3MD6NXV*AQ@0FCKIPA#]H-




J01!%)2-09L
*G&@/%.
$BGH:0TA4$RA2C


MJIFB*.D4JT56B.`\6Z[\O[:QRU:2R5EU%*$HU%6.\\7KU5??2D;!(V+D^%!.

#F

\D1`+@EHT:?2*A9HG
N]T

8[XTN8.

XXZL5
GK&IF5:B=/
!*]U!`XE$E(Q^7%UQ4F]8W?&D4


!166!R6UEY'`$AD66`




MX'FIF2`^'W`8%1%T][QU+=^*@O!%PYOJ
W%\T


MX!'M:1)S(A6D(@`'G21B3BH*((R_F*%/F8+E[H''*VP*']L



--ZF!B;@/^<[YOI



F5Y[\OL.^0

E\OI?-ACV_WMYI=AB%,H-]'/#*H?BY^
M7]TUGTLKN[B;M6;8W7G^^XTOG%7SX52D'Q1ORF7KW1.8
S`&O1N5U\U13E?S

M(0.

M[[XN1^6D7[$B]'ZQ24MS-=QO3A9EIUPL&.+7K:_+Q8T9A;[^J/Z\&GXM1]5D
ZF*Z1#?C4IW<S:G.YICV.;979EC$GHF@
M+:9\0%FKFREK'HYG\^G7JI/L[U;SR7YFE<VVM7P9_W=8LZGJZLA$I0F:RY)

:H32#HI!-4


B?Y5\19M
M7'9

MT;OA!-\U9


MP70T*MO&Z-ZA[&5T?[6\P5_\I0UI'_/V4!!J\(NV$.:=;H84]TX\`M8/!V9.



M-:8G]\
@*/GAUD)
EK.`=U7Q9LA!H2(;=.TOVR([F60:KF'_O-5:\_OHD%K=<V

M4







M)(V\A^]GJWG_!G
F&_&X'`%LZ%?5($`'&1GA++W_&`$`&MFSOKC.+$O:/.OY




MJ*&Y[//5F`#J3DPZ'UY/AB`^59*`@0H7I=]G4ZH(':FECD?N271\5$YSEU3F
M/S[AI_EU.0G1EH5?'RFSN'R]7BW0ZG:\$8M?6/GMXJFLY-__^G_!T3.J)G__

NKBKU7
]E^6!*RL*9[GF!Y5U(R()_1=K=86,BKOLJ8^'4F:2^5<P
M9%'<#EF#6#Z]_!.1AA+)/&;9'^)AO<5ZM$<@276^*0_*H=C$_5)==LK*A5.
MRKXQO\71I#M_4]5K5'V5L?`
C)ARBT#IO[P'9M!T$R#;8B%!$2'*F4@QIT`B
MGI(4Y76OEIC




$?=X8C6H[C3J<UF-,B[KN4L7\_09%7G7CX
MHF:YY&4!))YC19#W&S).4,%SU9CERR5;3N,4LX#M$2TI)X0F`T^N!$K3Y;+
MJ)KWQ:946&KO.D%!#04@:I=5\%M&Z'GTJ\1!2V#.MJ\_9$A/5^G9V%GU9)Y
M]`0OW%3]+Y(/D1P&NS%DZNHNZK)LS*)-*$6+?[*Q`_`4-Q))ZDR
8#;-`#-

;LPMLFT


2'
H![M
FC)-$8MK



MIY;_\/NE1;S5Q6D&]#'6'#BDB)VO-2H%Y%9!I2%DO0#WI?ZZB%NHZM)@+





KA[


HY1D?(HR;!H&*E@R#-

YP
L@^9;.R;`54E0%RG+UAXH#!23]5YH%C6[+1IOGI


MEJ


M;_M.O[27R92^24BA



M$^%Q13


MHYN(]/Q6O269`7'1)#UJ$FE&U



M%

M+`MXCE5X=?`W:W--*B65R(5SMH



MI#28@]N8T6=Q0'S


=G4
3D1P.'A!/<$]XP)B!+R&N5(QP4V6*K13FFP^&@
M@0HI;H=R+9
)`:0`2B1




M
HQ\\X'9`KYC.+-':X^(]2$.



M^T8%V
!U]3
`P;A;1Y?90MTG
B5VAKV=EWF0VD\LTC=YO*JRY
I!FL9*
-






M9[5EJ8UU^_P[SD9J%3+%1\;O@.@HE[%)P[4T=M+7E^JS;
K62O:-E)H$3
$`
M(N+F*SUHV8!-NQ+Y2&R#EO;W6OS]I%8.[K10GTRX.\A1990OB&=J3APR!8/X


MLL6!/3)4@?=2[6Z7\VDY@/DV_*\/?#RXD:CF\2+I23S3?F`8+RQ)8T;F_(
M

M\=SOQH3'I9\)1


KTTT!`0
<U/]]=-[HTU9%PYRJ7)0D*P=80%V#7Z04<B
[6K98+KAQ$R


MAB1Q.ZT`LAPS81[=-R56S!7^)Z1-^T.4TFW;?W3&\E-JS=]_XYY%L_U\EB


M&*FC@L74

M&$?[C1D+&]J%)

Y(?:EY<5-!X/YN9=:EL8E*6H(
AHS06/\8W\=`S.0D_M$IA`)RIB(Z0=7?'AFH
@F3`

M@9NXY(#\TZ-H!X!YF';'V1H:V_[O3+NC_6S=CZ?=_C\NAK77RVK%9/II`-0Y

E&
6D+JN65ZWJ:KM#YP

E`VT(6DG'`0@N+#GD'V@S:@7S#JJ:1?!`N2'ASH(T&2G

ZQ;(-D





M?XMB051LV@%]6NBH'#ROD-]@^V8
:
;*G'








M7PQ_EK_7S_;`NE@_


MP]%(%&W


S7;`(=5`PX+%^6V^
TESMZVIOULI[7









L%^LH([L:
P(
9YM\+3(

2#^`9&Y%T9[=A*)*$P^!\O#=
MD:7.F81DQ+9@`BU23HU?-8@`


M7Z^@P;15]X!:H&'^3J?R=+1`G(RYFH0L+1&]6(1(=RKW/'#%FX=!N%G5QU%
MU-FKRTIZ




M`PED\'K%]]A5#$997


P82S

M#])%

/`JJ!K8]+

TW2
MN_@6'007]+29



77]JG:WU


XI6!






M0&B@[(GX%%`JV6UE(CQ`8:&1!RYL!




YW&*)UP
M)
&MZSGX`0K5#%8
:4?Z@L\.:367


#*E]

K?!T/C(O/UZ*84





P8^







?G74_.JSX;4F7&L^M;-]M/=\=_M@K_E%FIP+JEJ;.730MO$=(,H5
MQ\<()9N/2&*B8S6N&_PV2X7_;_J'1X?K07H27!S[U7K'@
IXW!N`-QAM@E7

MRFNJY\:/OX+VEOM;M-WHS+B[D!YM@)+A+@]U,WC577*WM^?DS:7_'5T/U






#2_AE?I1OV-.'(^]4=+TA=.S,!Z4X47R9$98%U^Z


M




S3DBHUC-2`HX_RAU*%6W

%#210=X+?#T-:^%


L

&7P4PI
MZ//K'&OM'!_WA4]^+UN


MD`_=VZ(^=T6Q:Z+J/XB3W]+'(?8!4:M

5:[+V]LTWH?
M/O*T^N8)@27U8YZG:[[G%G`CU8B9-3Z\]Q^W]6J\'RD_!4_M]E?_1H_HJD



M7



MI(]UX$V)SE
%GF@
01CNS+2`4.]-!4Z8.G\TW)AYH_5/`F\3Y2$FN&XL1P

K!R9XD/1W-]4!
'39@BOGR$\Q

!Y=(U$I=H
9M16-NVME=RJG
M!2.Y


MNUU;0T'YCX09Y*Y3.JBJQO':\141]T_JJ)).?:IUKN@)`AO1LD\QMM!SW%1F






@`_NZQ5`#B

/.!=:61

M:*$@1VGW=%%!*[1:962G


1._MU2UL8]3RZ.G44

Q^LOVG0VVG5NN@J)C

\6\6W
3^-2@WU!
M\270B6J`?FSH2]CZPGQ-\



6*`']%?PJ





E)F)750&S2H#A.TK)=

NI

]'K.6.PEA
MC+^4&4K#-U#L#\)@


\[/Y.LT_?-5*KX(=$;FOO&K(TF)'





/C





MG80

Y^6C3`/]U:&]`
M[;#
23=TC1
`5

B#YTJ6@*9.DB6P


MZ_*]!B




O3J</XS
+E54?+%T&(QMASL/$FIS2
MR0#5YB5&/YGN`8K




M?`(5QZ:[_B^5VH0
?%CH:-01Z_$9`Y(@6C_7V6@V2'_JF&
@Z8B@

M6.3C?`1!%6P-8:NO!*ELF?@W+L\VDG6[\A?S==&'1DE\

`1;

MCN/NIN5H`AT9.9C$A#7U'TJJ=.HPWC/J#$08#KMW#U;CNU-6X^6
W.+CA%W0






M4']=?
)UK=^9G2SFXZE@H!*D&V+O^


M;_)

:Q/_B/_I2%`?N&B]GX


\

M#





M-A`H51UL&1T.5/H)VB;8#3*U:TC8`9:``ZI;`^AJ+K6O7]G)75OU\!'L%)


M+*@[BR
V1Q51.2F'TV3GM72'%^@?



)^:ER?+YSO*^%-F'';
#U=*0J._HGF2VJ_#
MS5A)

M?^








[^KGW(G!@1)@4U._A6FE

M



M0MOWCI@.ZM?D?CH
6[%6M&J$0N:OM-LU9WI=6BKDG)#U\%M*VUK=J)ZOEX*]

M

M%ZOIJG-V)?JOO8&1E^P6+:2126.

M8FKMQ1E3K
KN71OB<8)#BU9[II$6ZA9@

OM&E
GML1OT&]S[N


M(

PD&T0/&-1\A`
%@.A6R$_-:^G0/Z
M/XJ

T'D;M







H%:!#@OA(+]-;@?E


L-SB[F2[MB9:3-AN/PI#*



*45&\




MG

&ZT9LY
7!9
K^;':+




PCL(:9G_#EZAP-V&R/WTXH_R7U*GSRU-<
MY[=F+U_N+MV9_-UIIMD1



XZ(.NAA%2W9\WMD*!5VPM'8/%A/93P
M^?W5Z1&Q?%:K2@#@0X`ZMHH8AC

MX[_^]4!5=]%UVXP]/'VE/T:KRHD;




YNV_&C8
/];2'5YN/[DQ&P=CR?'E/@#N(1@J1`1E$I
M%W+




M8K-[J'&(NAUU


M&13
6#
4DA_43A.

*&QU
M`+`O\WF%*:WY8G,%#,$I7=T+!4+_JWG*\<_J5.2&DW*??6X&ASQW'C`F9



C4A:WR]-!-$11U_99^;AG..AKH:#Q#*




$%``&``@`

MM62*WHE`][//GR9KQE]$18ATP*$54U1)V8T]3^05:;!P64=:6D9;[$2[[T
M1

.87^/!RI+FY)'EJX:TTIAP4F
)_**BG=BZ-?DU
M=@WF+ZON+F=-!Q8+6E/YKDV1T^3CYV7+.%[4D/=;

3YUEM?'-DW-.=
L%*Z



MC;8$J@U]4AU8
/:BI




`5D`;7F=)


MO&T:F)/\\*0;[8W-;H.IK&I\&=#6G`0TH]E
K@XOR7?
E[053DU*.&9]-X&'
)];/I`Z.9B0)1=B/M2JO57IX9&X]1;&
!



]=-BO9!R;U:%JCA%&N.]N

2PJV0Z'S.^2I?
M0:2GATT#
QAE7W3U]C%Z+^Y+K:/5T\



9=H^1
LLDC94`^.*Y




V8FA-D(]IA)CQEK@N%]YU
MB*5.[
.

MV/#W8OK^\BL(X[0;]PH?/

MM2U6JBG7Q`48U\P?*






$(8^R!;6`\2SJ


%=F\]$G@N;


(7
IA8W!R7D^_V-_5_-]?F*K%94C#))+KO@8

:69DG

M`HX7_F*@(



M4X=/74E=D



0^
M']

J$^04--



R[6ZU4:V[^`+]]2696YU.I]%*



&0$0MZKYY__^KY



J6'@XBX-RYF)6Q!U@?%C&NXMCQ[6]60)5
M
PM*Q_;=D#AB[C

-29#`P<
M7P68

MQ&J/C^WPNA[.CALY&2-58





Y6&`(LU)RO_6@/

ME%2CLTFQO@'!\*])`79T74LF$^*KHK
+(]IV]C4MI7RFB!B$XR
T8C-Q@
']

MYJT@'NA6*KM1[ORJF)2_(%6*8?P_4T7O)W`%L3[6'O#A=EA@I#.E[7&A0@Y5




M6RW;K^XT\WYGCVENPL_CZGL?/FS&7GY.)%&CNUL&-K.[;2U.#9DRD*0Y/L
M(&

25-

&G*H&AAQZ8/(#DMQS-TJV_````__\#




BJ6BQ9UCJ2SA460K&'Q7;2=Y:3Z)Y0RWH


MK?:?MB^BI:#V5`F5XM4L\.^J5P4[8G*U^Z@OP7:.EW37V!]J_YF+JK90

=)=AM=P3([L

M8KU/C]32]4JK/8*]!\I-1]U.CI;`_&]CP!&'O7?@'
/9@)0-%/-EG::+%7F!





E-N.




8W@+52&R=]
M*=TM"8WT2L_@&\:E;RBV]9^5_O/7-2-A6D/P9#S-2M?E]PP:A@HG3H2$RU

'_[T5IFQQGHV@XCK

M2`;5'Y^G43H9)L/1_RDD5.0-+JFEQ5RK/8*E@9RFIVX%DQF0G;

^O.^
[#D
P'/0#'Q_G:/%Q8VKS(Y/[
3YQA0;YG_3APD(]^S;#`=3Z\+


`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`!







BDVP


KH/=59O)
M6'&^.&HHZN?V24(BHWZGO4\O(8$/7PI#B=?XX9P1RGHU.;+X[QRW.*]J/]&
M;TD
-]KFL)(/-+A[0(_OFO:;FE*JXI;.3O(FX
'U7AH'6XUCY[\
C3:5W#;
MZ:X&SM`!EXU]MJ4_LG9;-MRJZ`8LW4D




MG!;3#FF'+;_&@Y4ES4G&\F-+.JE-.&FP!'Y1TUZ
;FU^C5V+^=.QO\E9VX/%
M@394O@ZFR&KS[6/5


M4\X:`(!OJZ6J
R`A^5&/KR8%K*.T2JRP[6[\D!N'8B0#U19(BL_LG:WUKD





MO+F]ZP?P39






O[#\#P```/__`P!02P
$
M%``&``@````A`



N'FQU6#,_YWAPR!H(E;/2!^WU_UD-'B/)$[)L?3BCX*'

RQ9K(












MA(M9




TNF
M_F(\%R8@CI
D?ATM2V%L*SRO#
&V
L@\4J8Q1F^

H
M


MA\5[$^++:Q2_Q86

Y7&ZA-ZI^4+SMMM*6


OZ76_P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A


MCILP%(;O*_4=+-\/!K)'D-%$4=J16JFJNEP[QH`5C)'MA

I:V!6U4RW/\P@U^
M7+U_E_5*[TW-N45`:$V.:VN[)2&&U5Q2$ZF.M_D5%I2T==$=-I3@L?)!N2



!$Z431V*J
M@03@%TGA-@


7!!T$:.K







2YX;6R
55UO
MXC`0?#_I_H/E]Q(2(!P1H:)7]:[253J=[N/9)$YB-8XCVY3VW]^N32




ME?SG0:ZBR'.YU&Z99:NE5CL_0:TZ1E.3YP!\=NY0!*(72,XIS/(&/`P*=5
M


\K;
))1!TR?0
MNO.%XB7`'121I..!WV?@


M40^&WLW$`O(ZSX^W0GX?.2IE


MAR)G1G;L8.]%T_UI..9P2
Z?LJQ/O_SQ\GSU^WJWWVQ?[V;Y/)M=K5]7VX?-

M=[.GP^'M]N9FOWI:ORSW\^W;^A6N/&YW+\L#_'/W[6;_MELO'X9&+\\W198U


MN]^^OUVOMB]OX.+KYGES^'-P.KMZ6=W^_=OK=K?\^@QQ_Y%7RU7P/?Q#N'_9
MK';;_?;Q
`=W-[ZC




M-FYJP(@L_QC^_M@\')[N9F4VKXJZ[7*PO_JZWA_



IB[&`'M!E!:

8+8E)X8\X
M/RYG/


M;87=-_3I/J`D.1(IB;1$1B)+$.VY*XGG]]P74-)S1)#3N#;:C*=AM`HAJUP@

MM%G]=K^%P85I

R

];Y=)P\8DDO^3AY





0`2G
MJK#=]\%J
=3.J8.I;*19(W(*I8$P77!ZLX2C`E=`B!JHE
E
86*F#U;5$$0V
M+YDD5\$@KB(=T$0;&@*K].^$($MZZ1%3K*P2]VC5N`



FS*NVYF(NCVYA%
MCZ*/HEVD+K(H^6GDK*)_+')9Z$N/(-.ABWU`#2ZQHJZS1?H?O2&@@GUTH0/R
M+LHYB3#+8

MGE12GB`B)2+ON#R)5B$0A0AO691%7K)BKV4C(Y&E?HJF3FYJT5`ODC&5E#&(

MR/MH%6/UOF):*Z;SM&QD)+*(T

MFZ(]6L$9



MA9!2V!`WZ&LXUBW$#BU:F?AQ(:.6.:KRO(RUD`;+5!5/WUDW

M\Z


M;Z^CZS!V1OJQS$_7%7&7HR/`!-7I8X'[:LD]&I&L3$1L9?)34+0*O5:(0I:F

MW$]188U480'%$MU+I32$AF)+$$T(J;W'KXT!
D;M?FVP(B'=,;K%@.J,/
M#9,G232$AF)+$$T3B;`WMGCI-)R9U.(+UF$O41*(DT0[9


Y@38L'

M5F%S+?/R:#A




'41KS,2*8FT
M1$8B]V:DZ-[WW+_IR+_UYF6]^[;NU\_/^ZO5]KM[BQ&<;C]_&K%_Q=)]N[AU
M*Q%&C5_I,GC[TG'0%QQ[V4:OC$75PJX


&_Q08*+7
M)7P./

M?JXT=05&%'X.-'4%^@8_MYFZ`GV#G[-

MPM

MPB:0#0]\[?S+SOP_#OB[NJ_;`[RC;/B)W1.\E&X-K^+)W
VXQ^WV$/X!'WSS



RYX;6RLG5MOXTASAN\#Y#\8OE_;$G7&S'P8

MWQ[NM]WN_H^G[?
A&7G9/MX=Z/KW/QY^[K.UI_M3S#W=O?S^Q\_?[G=//\G$

MTX6BS^OK]359^O3AZP-Y$


M;Z@M6(T^S[O`)2O2)RM.R
DWSD2W9W^!]



A?9:G5&!12.?

#6P-7`UR`40+E-]5FZ


J^R*#ZRJ#(C6D$)%!9!$Y1!X1-?$I!8LX?VF7


M@PBA\@C@KI:

H@L(H?((PH*:?]B




M4VS4
I)IND74(3*(+*'R

JG0Y(7J@R<ZT\5F%FI

MJ0E%8;*9ULR;2;4`U;$M^LB*AE&RI:_^K*YFBET-HSC1%-=4KZJ
24V6E53'

MJ_ZBJZ=3(PJ%V:E(:2=B
WZ$]PZE$XDI),QK9^AIH-4+I.$46^O

SO(H91$Y1!Y14$A'(\[(132.C!QI_BZ7DAI&LHC2(NH0&406
MD4/D$06%M']Q&C_=OS3I*_\8Q19CZ`.F]5S5#%*24D`&I2PBA\@C@IIE\]J
M
QIL




M1*)%U&54/!!D5`2'T7(]A-`A\J@8&





MU335W.Y1
2BD`T/754Y.[QM]HI%J]$E(E]FL*IAV-DA)O!+JETAR_S(2+UT
M;(M:JVS+,5*V1N(%MH*Z+AVOJO]\7[RP+9TEI.MK5DT_K4AE'SM&\W1;SI=C
M0]=@.VM9UJ*)*B/':+'.RQ05V`F9!TUO

QRQ[;48L!(K8&B9<6BXW2,EB1<S'000[`5EU=


FHJL2JF6Q%:H@L(UKSBUW:



M.8S]!J4L(H?((PH*:9?/:LAI-012RJA




5+;G]9-S5BRS/2CF^]V@E$7D$'E$02$=C=A0

ME5/;(3*(+*'R



M/B



4A*8A
8'%S-NMAKL+$NI

M*0=L?^/W?7'DIBY1RGU1Y:T5*2F'03$C@U(6D4/D$06%M
MGM;_Q^[EJ9F)4
MMK^(.D0&D47D$'E$02'M7]7^'DDI]KGQNVURN=Q1AJC+B-)8)+[JITR6DK[#


NJT[-H)I%Y+*E


MU*.2953NZF%$(W)^IM%_ONC13%!(AZGJ/M\7)FQ*5PGI@0MV(8I4KON.T6K6



MW@HFVSYYI(
3A7PBOMPHF8A[9ZNU-B'UR/=_V4GXRHU]N5W^XRJJJV6#UN1
MRB'K&/%.QD6SG,QA2DFG*X9*F[7DBQ?'B!X!3NN%\5JFBC*D[HJ%:/#W7)
MGCA_X&/%:GBLR$%J$76(#*+R'RB()RN]U]0P0_8XO93A](VQO03=NC'3Y


*6VO[S+UF-/


M=8@




1U9TI/\)$#BRIB/]%I?Z#DW
M_(!0?6PQV\1=@-7MVPV\3OAL2.D0U^=CAQ93^D:^KUI]7G69(VF^C$=LD:3
MY


')F2I[0^







$%``&




MCH@!5Q%CMIPL5M.9C4%N.
Z$(UR%XVKBN`M[P9Y^PW$N'.$J'&WX\88#C(.E
;3X(WD0T-KL+A3A'6PA&NPM%93-S%8KYT








#VB7/
MK-7L!8+^7'X^Z4CP



MHHBBF*)$0:H:V*M):GQ2;=[9*:NA0$



ME5UOVR`4AN\G[3\@[FMB-TY2*TZ5+
I6:96F:1_7!&
;Q1@+R$?__0Z06G%;





83]?J.X54.#
!
/$YZ]



W`Z_G!]G

RC

5%UOFS`4?9^T_V#YO1A(
MTJPHI$I7=:NT2=.TCV?'7

M($-O2]HZ-Q2

PY


7NS^BYL
MP`]#*JCYKG
_]?XKR*9UN-L+-.1]%=7S+5B!@2)-DB\\D]`=-H!/HJ2?#`R$

MN-V(M@/WPY
52/Q^+]B$QVX\N*0XCBAC



MO?
RH!SG288:*VU.WR@,!OO^?4_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`
M````$`&AOXJ[$```:!P``&````'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='

M;(Q5W6^;
!!_G[3_P?)[8R!?#0JITE7=*FW2-.WCV3$&K&*
;*=I__O=X89!



M%&`FR1R1A*E!`%R)5C@94!#^F-$$B%7NJXQ.%Y/Y

Q


M;'EUWLURS/IZ_S!Y3!4B9]S@UGWQ94Q7;UG!0V/\$`'\?W.?S*/S5@!^2/FZ

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#U-IU.$24``%'=```8````
&ULK)U=;]S&UF;O!YC_8.C^V&)_J67$




MW3]U.'ZT


PI&`
P#N9/.K4
/.Y`]2`E2@=0@#4@+TH'T(`/(&))(F,X%
M,X29Z`\7:_5VXABU0?H3!V35#L&'7



M*I`:I`%I03J0'F0`&4
2&5-!.\.8B8Z-61(D%




LR

6;8R#I/M6R'Y]AMFFS'*)=9^P*H)*J(:J*&J7JB'JB@6B
4.S/U
(S

Z+$_4R?/\&?+
MZC#9PDK;)AO0O@`JB2JBFJ@A:HDZHIYH(!HC%
LR)?(
6;:B#F59I''*SQZN
M+M-D.T;Y9`
JZ*J9JB%JBCJ@G&HC&

-1&.$
M8EGIW.%

&?:

M=\R3N0-12501U40-44O4$?5$`]$8H5B6J8I#6:_/0UM?AQXMBO
PO?&P.$;Y
M/`0J&541U40-44O4$?5$`]$8H5BM*?=#M6?RT
X.0G\3TN4N9V:W`-H3E405



M^3ZWSPZ$3GX^G.X[V9



4S63%E#L6?.7M,,-_(WH?RS!)H3U02541U
MA*)57Z4SR=.K?@B/1VN+PBFC0_&8E%PLWOLHEPVE0WY\JQPZV5?MH]17O(%F

;BH?9:8&ZB8Q5_L`

GW<:TBKV=<
&B]O5A))42B[][6R4N2YU

U1U11]03
M#41CA&)9IK8,A_\SLJ92-Q85Q9IQ/4#U#:Y3++S43[9C@T=*AE5$=5$#5%+

MAWQ?E4

M_:CF\I'_6!VZ0.PM6E1?/JTH6]%8+-L]:OSJM]WU^G52MO0/,3KHS[M%%V

?:E^AQ!J3%[QDG+'+-E[^T]^
9P;6?


-&U?=J:IVX3+S662H:7[



MB'JB@6B

XN-!+[VKX*-\






MV




Y-469!_)/Y=04I:?:#T?8\AK?#76?YD]7

6Y9
%FE8MVN
M4]_4QGR?X-0:3U'NRZS%PI=+\0J;@B'
P3.9-]47X27OK47AD`&T9U1)5!'5

6R3*$1

5BT^KI3!:R2KJV*





V9@T



[T@*66)SWD1O[8T;:J_ZG!S9/Y:R[#]ADF=;8_WU;JP*0.
M3.K`I`Y
ZLD#DSJP*0N9(FZ=%IQNB`I+CE].+)XX$LOK01A02+:[H*A+Q,G
MFXB333#9!)--,-D$DTTPV023S9`E-N?-)8I+3B:.+!@&,TR)BF&$A%


ZD*6J)LWCRDN.9$Y
@TBP4PFO7L4A`6)R+E

&4B&!2

Y
M2J:7G8:SB\
U2+WM%$RO.P73^T[!]
)3


HL$D&DRBP20:
M3*+!)!I
HL$D.F2):%/XAZ+/Y:B=*$0V+?-*E*-@RE$PY2B8U(%)'9C4@4D=

Z

O3Y'G:WO(W66J7[U9^W@UT=S6-8D(A@L@DFFVR


M=?#+

.+;17M+LO


FR
69(+IB*9DPNV@HG46:8_QQVZ6*3WE_5FF.F0\+=49!-
M-L%D$TPVP6033#;!9!-
-L%D$TPV0Y;8-$7*')NVJ(ELAH6.&Q?`I`Y
ZLD
M#DSJP*0.3.K`I`Y,ZLD#DSJ0I:H
Q5)J
Z
NZ_[D9_O?TRTFKZ/]Q%#I,4
M-Z5=4S^7D^EC4U?-R#283(/)-)A,@\DTF$R#R3283(/)=,@2TZ;`DV?&_ZG


ZLD#DSJP*0.3.K`IYDL;K#
MVR9GJ+-OIXS4.::1(DA$W'GV82[I]@59F6%5AM49UF18FV%=AO49-F38&+/$

ZLD#DSJ
M0I:HFSF7L*]GC-79R[/QB(CYGVL:CHADLGGLSB6L;(+))IAL@LDFF&RR2:8
M;(+)9L@2FS
G
O;UB+%-3$:4B&!*1#I`Y,Z,*D#DSHPJ0.3.CI`Y
Z
*D+


MI`Y

M3.K`I`Y


Z5\J.YO
MY*B=%416CS.%\%R/.SSVM9C!-[4D^MC4Y:U$@TDTF$2#23281(-)-)A$@TDT

M!)--






MFZ:ZGV/3S@8BF^$

M1(-)-)A$@TETR!+1IKH/19\9+*41WY9QS.?CKB#3X6W;^CBI`Y
Z
*D#DSHP



GU*

M(

;.&5OHWO`9;J%E2KEP

M($W`9!-

M$4SJP*0.3.K`I`Y

@\DTF$R#R3283(/)-)A


U?V=))U*T:A0
M=*_QU!H$(RFN/?LPEY`R;;OSB2O38#(-)M-@
@TFTV`R#2;38#(-)M
A2TR;

GND'BK+MS/;I%WARRRY-._WB:W:9

TN





$G



M:GOR([DY
_)I19ZT)V]%L]
MN26R,UV93$?JA?)`/T:2::,FV<PYG!*R+0J9_L'Y0*9_<#:0Z1^<\R0GAM;

_/CP_/WP]_._GN]M/=X\F0,&_/3P\NW_H\'CW
MU\/C'X<+S__?P$```#__P



M_NGQK6Z^MKNR[&80X=BN@EW7G1Z6RW:]*P]%NZA/Y1'N;.OF4'3P:_.R;$]-
M66SZAP[[)0_#:'DHJF.`$1Z:





SK*_7R\-IL3(K&2(
M06)S)A6M:.X#0I4XX^912WUJXX9)/T0HILZU@XQAJ)@8O(:LP]!)
B3&X

M#0W(69'N%?_M6E;'OQU%V-
L(6AM$(2U83+F44P(YLR%@*[!TKVE6DQK[7B
MJ,P^02(+61]R%1B+$Q)!KD'`'J1!?C%FZ3W[(K@BX'_(LC


?6Z3S(`-W4#:
MI
W4NW(OW*:AZIH8IFY
)
(JBT]MDB&PH2





M6-FI


']_86XX@#*CHPAYPK\
M/)%

HD)LLG]Q`L4DHZFV2?
M)K&$=ZIXQ0H44?I
N$H?BR2F?_;
/01)P&='O&!D$:]X@I._Z;7C`&;1.E=\
M%I
\05SQA

*;%


MT$FDLB-B1;`+%(LP7%\CC-D%_A\U4X=:Z`;J`VW];
]);&&]13VF
+<HF2+6_E]%P?/&9;8!3)$B-TU5&)$37$
MDD%1!=M65O4\IP)
U)A#K6!.$3
L94L-(35$:

MTK

AB6[.X@@B6D*L




00-*]R.+.'($O46#(XX:YBV2;9`_!RCZA(#


4?!KFJ3@ST
Y*S)IP9O5*TAHQ[1R!++%E6!&.*2@FG'0?%+<=0HR1[?

D45M

E5C`







M'X7KCZ_.-OKR3O2K=Q_4KS^PGL&Q88VV09LI'RPT/O:_@7!X5GTG6O`-X5J
MUI!=9[[+_6?&MZV!;F=@R/J:U\]KIBD4%&B)+-


MEM!GY`RNB2'+A9)[!$
#FGH@=@3C.3!;9^E?G8$E&W-K@UPHH#5TXW&9%M$B
M?(02T@-F=8Y)1D0(XF
&H#K-X.V:'I4M&*J'T40Y'GE==BN/25U'IT(0=;F0







MPPE\R1
IE


MM[F&=D]`$0I;I*_W37@*,

;B2'G#N;`Y]-CM]DN%!-4Q*4
MT2YIV)XC
R8C
QAO2KFS@39-
$P3?H0&D\'O5O'A?-;@6F:;
S9VM_6
NT1H


M0UXPFKVK$`]V.6S$[VJ.AN7
NK27YP23NU0V




M*;(AP

M+5

M^4+GEE7(*
ME@&F9YR2=J7:!RUJL]PV0L
J-%]S^.O#8%MY(Y1:&/#]B-YL_4ZC\```#_
M_P


!1]G[3_8/F]?(4D#0JITE7=*JW2-.WCV3$&
MK&*

*(M506O*UR
M_/O7_=4U1MJ0MB-;%F.7YG&-ZO/GY8[J9YTS9A!P-#J'-?&=%D8:EHS070@
M.];FU(J00PL517J3C%2N$VB9,HFH6\!9[ADQ=PB'+DE-V)^E6L-9X$L4:
M8N#\NN:=?F

@^D\


/B!!$
M!V50NUS9@JVR3:T]RJT/[

M%ISCZ5CI







C^<S&]FB_%$H_#!E^)XLG8LY7P_78\
<<X;
MTFN_=USPAO3*&RYO].5
F\W9B;JPJS32JC-
K_UV]98WI-=^NZI1+ZJ+2F7K


M;7G




Z+%JN#A=AH(`8(:(
M!6*#.`NB`?B@P0@(4@$$H

M+JH=+$@FDH5D(SE(+I*'Y,%2%2A!0C)4@I4H:42R17C#VRBNL)ER\S6OV$



%2%2A!0C)4@I4H:42R27ASW`]B@/U=N^3C)`TI=

T5IZ.#03R4*RD1PD%\E#\I$I!`I0HJ1$J04*4/*)9++PQYT

M4J0
*9=(KAA['NY1
?[X+%9




I$L)!O)


MS*5\H.EU44TN'W

29=5)
KQ5Q9%R7F4HXQ

ZW^%MOT=J&
M

=VCU$FDH5D(SE(+I*'Y

M.S

5)R


M

ZX^4SC4OXZO_W'B2SI?



^/K6L.T$S!D?$W*


5/_H
M[#I#2U+@BA+A](6YX`PJ
D/.4VD!:_1YH!7TI+AIWG#C.RTN[9)SY0\#B
M'#*T^0D?2`




M-BYX;6R455UOVC`4?9^T_V#YO?G^`A&J`NI6:9.F:1_/)G&(11)'MBGMO]^U
M#2F$HM$7B)-SSSWG7

61K
MBUOH6B*VN_ZNX&T/%&O6




MP$O#P!L`9YG!]KD]


M?*XM2L:I68R=9P#*$F^$@'-)LQPF/LGB-'E3;W.SYXY]+7NRH=^)V+!.HH96
ML)

H
5TIU


M4:!?5JR3)[8FOX6N(6*W[^YRWG1`L6$U4Z^&%*

_+8@_TAE28(C20CJC_'`2:Q'R?_9W&M(I/@FBBR

B\&)P/-







`4$L#

M=#(S+GAM;*R:6W/BN!+'WT_5^0X4[P
(7P!7DJT$
#=SW]WS3
`)K@%

MYMMORY)\T3_#.C/G)89?NO^6U*V6)7/WQ_?SJ?;-C^(@O-S76:-5K_F7?7@(


;C&2NV\KR)WWD5?WZY?]N'Y2A+/



H.'C!Q:?1
MICCQ#R'X5=N.CEP1,Y-\';3*RBVL%_V;V=DDWX/O:#UV-X;:H1[QCSN''
MP(_W-*(DTVA;7&D?GJ@!]+=V#GAJT(CLOJ?7]^0'._KAMVP.BV#D7GMV8\3


M_A]!XS(\:&JXGQ3(H]C6(J0LE
M`!T


@R!+(L@:R`;(MDA*P:%U_!/!X=;W=8O4K6M
MHT5'&(F'LK1T]241#S5I,0,R!.(&0$9`YD`F0*9`?&`S($L@R!K(L@6R`
M;(ND%!U:F$O1$2M2@S_O)
=@__4I%






@0R`ND!&0


3@*):$+F



M&T1;B52CNIV.]9-5GI\LEW+CE_:
J8I65L3Y#F])5AU
IL6^+QV-?&\YD
CL


M_%J^R`
F(XO@$W\W055'*S%Y*\31D+3ZEUV*M)(/N1]M4_*[J3%V*TF/I-7M
M9_

M*T1K1!M$_





\GY]Y[8K.\

`8=!1G'


M;DDN6MD@V;.$#$N:F:N.1[
X\L


_##W#VK8/^+
D1I$1J503:B(#KY#7]WN5L.GUK0=Z
M])K17F.4)


D*3:F!L-;K%JH1-J\8/;32CK4[&MP]




MMF


2YX;6RL
M7%UOX[H1?2_0_V#X?6/KRW:

M.(:&=_?GIYMQ
KO*YM



9\!`Z!/`A'(
I\WAEY
M0@N'S!9M=\4B*COS(&9




@PB`_9;IS#A^RV
M69:7#H*\](/)[1TCK+L`*C14:JC24*VA1D.&07Q\=H



E.:28OETJQ!*TRX#:X)H':H6&VK1



MD^PJEEJ*GY2YD*S'%-0PUM+LZMKD;[FO=98EL4?DFZM-9=N(E)DM*-K+HL

M!]#QC3+6'Y:*BRMC:
42R[440


MJGH=$[$X:K+RG6@\1/TR%F%2)T(8G%BK$P=3HP3M8P8!S%B%%38(S1+'\FY
MTD/4\\I#C+Y$*(*:K(@%U:)!*\$K53.@M#
G[JAB+641HB1XZPJ/!6LRZW
M2@^%Y#C'.0FA&JTJ-&.!B$K?(-\(


ME9_#`B$0`:U8B+/I5.1_J;TJ#=4(H3R

MR3AR$-]A93?SN+
BCAP$F[_E*+$4*8Z45T6!:'#JQJE&*]R]]9EP0V%\?PSY
I3:L=)0W1<K
MD4\J&^UH&,2)$5+V4]4GT0H7(9YF\AE43E;$EXO5/D_Q)UX]?#FK8,NO,%9
M^J5&B
7JX4O%

@11^K1H@5P)Y%J&(9%HL3(Q2US*1!SVA4B^
M'
03*16U.D?'(!\*A.;A.NCAJPOOR:G0$7YXJ/:QP/A2(JE8!AU=OSA?5J(&

=49$
^

MRX\5$J?O6:(B1
LL]U8$%1HJ-51IJ-90HR'#(+X^K6X.QOW.^)S*AO$1I:FL
M4BN[2NQVP

@/CZK

MY'N(.09G-^V=2DU6/F


M\%!P#N2AD!P7*SCTJ=$J@!KM:!`:=@X$#RD8$^_D@[460W;0+*R0B3H':INY
M&8.5G\

M5(1X0JE3(+(BFERL1=H.;YY

M2A+6

KU+#
P6%W`9`Q:EMPT'LUKK






M)T!61)-SQ'+6O\JZV-ZKTH%J#34:
@SB-%FA+;(G^O#9*WQ+KC(((3IHS;T5

M

M\
K?

H









J[
_0`<NSJ931^Y!.+1&Z5\95RJA=U;.IN,M!_W:KJ'74A98(&G(ZA$RBR:G7
MVZZ4,G6E)9YH%$M'W:XG,%X0CEI(?6@)R?SAU-2M[?#4<K4E99XPE&MX<23
M`13FJH
+J1

M=`T
L5

MM0PVHS;\J`MP



M
MZ8)#:A$9ZD1.#'7

M9F+3W!@/-QKP`BMFW%@
+%S(
JBIPNHU\2P1!V$%M9VDVG.;2:H/*Z75HDD-
MPDJL&4*2.HF5^/_%BYD2?5@191V]FE,05B)!ZP,4VU$OB%@P%-LNAL%;OL
M
+6*!./:0H=R_&/VBR#!B/N*3P)8@9J4]-&Y$F7.L4LOVO49NTM-[;(NKV-
M%F'&6(NT0A+$#-1FL9GCAR=M'F8LVC43]]AA1*P5+UI3$'
2#0-QB-K1+YZ
M
1HL;N_$!8



MN

XS(5R\/


M#:M%FC`+@@9JT]B






MRVC1;5A:+1I;$#!R30=`\)!)(_+%Y@'&HOG*7688$:U7;'_OH#$%
2-WF6%$

M+2+EDE.(SX.0@=I.4NWDFJ2:
P=
KCTK3
XW`\O
$+HTR;7(
P

MP5$45U*

H@.J
T,70@NT9L;X`T0LF`,1.;PDTX`^$

)=\LH&1%41/


ZW)X)XQQ89AX'89M#K:'DU-8LFLI^9=C4)N
MI$9Z6VRF*#5:7SO,@_GQ(9A076#%/G\NRR]DCO2V*`]GDS@6VR(*'5N4.#


M5Q)8`S]V^*Y`#N!%N^=*&L

G_WZ+


MV[?[SG]^+[X






BLOKS
MOJ/@QMNGT\M])TQNXWXO#

T(5(UN&$(?X[PJEI=#AM(,86</%5-+JIM;!-,@[D'@X4')@PH$I

C8VL:KCF`HD$T@ND$(@
MI4`F`ID*9:0N4`6`EGZ`D8U/@K`J:M[SLQL'ESE$?
&`61BQ@B9GFJ)J5`






[H$$Q4!DI0H&K%*G`5J=
M6:J
%2Y57U0\X




J75X3\

M5*60VE6H:/HP#U.T.B
KTHTCVWT4YM!R/1M;N_GB8N+R$M*'B3Q`,YVZXT/
M#9:6='^]A!AAZ$L,A5J1Y)77\PK8W5&8B!7B#(`0I7T6(;F]GYN22EL
](%



MUQ@PZ:B#GZJF%0OSV\AXC='S_+1AZ01
YGP5



I*(&(B-KULRS
H6HA54

S&
?FV&H_-S/@X-Q
H0/^1$

7&M/V;;?0DXV

MVF$M&*[HL-$7I





8+J08B`T&@T`M1BXR!%_L
V^@W6-J\
M

MI5XT+?5!?.UW'.2Z'^.Z7P^1ZX`I'&C@#Y%M`RG8
D36RCS-AZTDO'%9;RZH



8]&N0`B6#YT$03A(%+3\8.70
J#-Z\L.


MGJ'$]:K]T\'\&HSYXX2OKG[=G^!77$#$P(]GP*_V;.!W*WKZ8/5YOS_9/_0-

















MA03+IC`$NHGKW0GD;I

8![(1SX


V=[/GWY<:42.1M+UVNOMP

M_6'Y]KA\W;YU=^
_N_WXM_N__N7V8[O[NG_INL
(++SM[\8OA\/[?#K=KUZZ




MFX*E^]O'-7A@IGVTZY[NQ@]JKO-D/+V_[2?H/^ON8Q_\_VC_LOW0N_7CW]=O

E$X


+'_TOQ_KQ\/+W3C))UD1


6`M4A-^+QCJU
M

7:WGJ(_JG@0]2-D0=CY6X
!0#B

_7Z?)LGM]#MDV0IE%E)&48G*29B4


M1?+8EA#H^RR`]2#@5!IAI!UD^CJD\F1&`ZP'`3!W(0&+IYQ!THR\X?(TS]

9D(B$
X$9]*6F.#SH]%


M0?UG-:;R4DZQEE`CH59FD`T2*:I7[Q.E:4`Q!D+F3L$SO5BHH@Y9VQBA@W
M!70SXBM3:K42T@BAH1L%!-L;HLZ:]G^YLT@6PLA9B$6.+SLU2'EG+11'?152
MV4SY(?9]J9%*K80T0LY.?-)3T_4#3S]5=112AW`+!3$L4*I`*H1PHC$D8IB
MEA-U&HEI*FA&U5DT:EB8TC#_^VP91XDO9&




M[`USU)M-\HC\BT

M%Z

M(B/MM%[JU%FCEP`[U%W&-


M

M%2H&Z[1&R(5691%+_D8JM1+2PDYYHI6F5S&D7IJY:DD3ZN_F]VHH&*X9!'
ML






M0PH.+4ZMU^PJJM5+T]J$4##]E81J342:B6D43BE%U%G'II-O)CQ(EO
M4
M#&:\1N@DE[5Y*15;6F$7*C@;;#

M]-=Y4SO(4H;8USVW9:K=/RAK2#T!#LC8K@$(].PC$^!1]C`/LV[^TZ+G'Y



M_(RA(P



X?G1^[9JW8-C[(@@5/ETJ=42:B342LA\
M;6GN:

Z0&
MNP+O#\S-$_TC5[)\;FJZO/*0%?
T[\OG[A_+W?/Z;3]Z[9X@H:+^8ZN=_1C7_G'`%X:_
M;`_P$6W_[O`+?#3=P0=AD6%X3]OMP?UA;O#A/L.^_Q\```#__P,`4$L#!!0`
M!@`(````(0`]2LXR80,``.8+```0``@!9&]C4')O<',O87!P+GAM;"B!`$H
MH``!````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````````````````````````````````)Q634_C,!]K[3_



3HC%;:5LOL

KJVPCNH%&V$+9W1IUU8(

M2P

MP8NJQ


M_5)9K?XC]@L``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`







W+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`
M!@`(````(0S$@A]5P,``!@*```9`````````````````&$7``!X;]W;W)K









S





``+
-```9`````````````````%$\

&UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`(!I5&'\
M`@``UPD``!@``````````````````\4``'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970S
M+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0B8@M*O@8``#\=```8````````````````



O







M

M+W-H965T




7#K1@8``+09


M````ER








M+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!6S(TGK`L``%Q!```9````````````````


!P``_2(`


RYX;6Q0



M





YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`/4K.
F$#``#F

 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAdjustmentOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAdjustmentOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAdjustmentOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketingAndAdvertisingExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketingAndAdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherCommitment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableGrossCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherReceivablesGrossCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'

#$T
3(S
2YX

XDG[?B/T/6D?L

D?IJ\

`):\OX$$/[7#U0?TR\K)XF'J593[JKIX%26OVC#S

MD;7Z;OM'Z0\(_5=?H(#X+
*N-(LQB0`C2EA.F'$:Q/R[A]-13*K3Y]C4I)!Q
M\L'Q6V`?+1\3B9^/`C2;.Y@A)TE1]9;GAOMW$[,]'U[XW2ZP@B*$7_RR




M^+_!Y`T%1V?):WFJ?SK)E4(C/
F'V-C+0'^AB-?^SM5^IS$VW5KSVM^YVN\T
M#2EN85=



MERFU-]DHI]&.T6C@+)7S87?Y
$3VROFPNWP8.JN]AZ&)7&A?F;Z+W*?@0Y$B


L)M[^$VZL(

A5W+RHN%MI(^[[0

M7HG]VIWD6!M_;7

.PAWD(^QIXXSG3/]P+)$AIE%SGK.


'80[2+?-PB[VBR7.^D:LESCK#Z=?7
6B+%[%'80[


M8(
'\;Z$VSG9S+M@AJP8JB#+@KSO3M[+D0X;YN
]\LI'-V5-R(FW=\3;O4R(

MW!\P@P
Y4S9694*.J7J*-[AF=KL7:
W9PW!``F?

MX
?A0)[*/&0PA`S.E8
.%LN#J^1]/[BJS]-%EI[QPW-(J+T)S-#ST6%X!AEA


$@\'PRL&*Z

OJ4/)%0DHHBX9




VQCHOP#]+0G'O




!KV#OH4IOJ76YOA']CJS(3J]
MBMWF'CXA'--QB_G#G


M86FTN`E^:I
WKAWSB5G



4V+6XSCJ6!*.1B2PQ@](\SVRH86P88//1\+1F20IAB8+M$&I

MA

T77%,X5&6<,,JRH?1TV$V_3%YYK-62Y`@2-AI!??!
8



X$&QI$-$01:)MA-EUZ
M?0Q
6
M7M34`#B[TC.91KKDFL+9XKZL9M.<<N$M!@1#T7B01M^FP.V%P.`H1JR!*H(
M7Q\21;W;/-
1%8#-.VI6):0
5B'UD3A71@J(3JPIO-4!BOFB#C/G'7^0FZ





ULE]4..A9[C8$H

T58#NJ`:[0O/7KI8.92EVH&63;)C
MJ++1?S=096N0BJTL+1%04]

M3LO56C[3#0Q%U2I5&]4QQKW1]A*9C2'S;8+:`%9KF+TJL'2#?&?ZMSY9N@7M

/#;*16\=Q&(=E`1!;'
M=&TD2E0+R-HT5[O(ZHVE%:`W=@+\MJ&V`OBM-6;2]!3O83.VI14G&80V!+&
M!HU),YM-B.*C+QND120U#,[MXNJ!::C[C[NC%H052&H!AMD[

M2M0W*?351F5[1XW;B6-X/?O8A*&/'J


6@\-5%$

0J[

M6;\VD1\[.]D0['CD^)AN#QK($=@JTO8.'&!`NKFYO45[;M_:WR7EC;[5XX

=T[8-YO
MOOBX
]_TQ`U%
ME(Q2MZ2E-
9C*9XV`*](A:/3RKU^[-U^_D@B:$2R4KT:+YW*FV

MOE+T5&^7#43

O)&B!O*%VC?N*'I/B'LBHNC`^)X5YL^NJ1D/6R;K-8`LABM



)([W[



T09

M5]




MFJ9JR@;*`H'-X56U(1`DL
E+1GA)U%[2N$
KBKHBTB/';)+;PUMY=YBHI_8O
M-L.;XG275E8

OEMHM

S!RWR79RDP.N0]__&7V?-EFM:#
M*@KRIY.M,AN!JVU30*[Y8\:6;:A6%T6M%M_5/OL0B(*QV1)NF@&A6EE#]!:
M@H)_2'ZW;

;1G6VE2]*7O^E

MHB\'J[]R6A














MK6Z-:G\#NB.J_7\Q;S;'?O%W+')G[






M?[+;1L)+](V)NXJ-21KAS[BDT\:MQ&Q






\1P'$
MV03^)W^E1?E[^7ZR97*N



M2`0C


M^XM3

M]ZZJYE

050=N;C.N.L^3/U)
MP7`4VG#N3A3B*

MN.]@NUU

$=4R527D;_#G!
MCMTH\?XR(*F9YN]8/(X\KJ_*@H9B!S@E&'M+D+0CU\?&PYS'07LC$[IH9O!%
M
IT8
`

M%R(V1%Q9K2Z^UC+Q(5&OX3



E)):X+N#B.GZ`^`4*;C8*D1U@

G8PW$06;_9;==R&T/`


M/X6XU8W8E[#GJG0^FI36A

MR=J[D4?O6AL1;EF=X=`YU;9U%.!Z$?K\=ZR-\(:%!U:OIP.E3RO`K8[3'APJ

MAR_9W-=K?F=\**8Z`Z?75J7UYKL/7+X4+H:#;E^=]5!B^4_

M+\[8+
*N-.VR

-CJ8FSO.L).-+%E[


M
'BVSU)ZI

?
'(L5J.\.^8G`55ZB^?F4\
M6&!@#
NN3P/@5435Q!I.WVXK_=NW+7

AI`

MZ`QP\]F-OC



M*M[`
NT

\





+]EL`]&

NWLKL7[(.$*LCL==VNG7(8K






;C3/^G=T;

M+[AN]LN2?OHORQ'_.A;X[F+Y^K^L7OL)09`8_!+-W$!V(

:)F*CXCL&?:69J8/PS#9AA
M#VF*G\T'V\K1P?%J








Q?H9_`EFB


#'\'QHT

MV
EFYJ]
^IB;E3A.?.U9#F]
*FG)$AJ$'L_A2W



];-

)(A!DH-II.?11
M!5E&++E'TT$(`C`?P(6$)4E







P1&$(Y=&F!P)^X_'
CC3

'!`O
MN?^/FGZW)YJ;Q:KI@1MT

[1X]`/HU^-_YI.

M[?&$I]Z!\(N7+J:
X.4


GD-


MK!






9


MCVK1P1/WW01+:+V_1(+_&)8/%U@

I58A%;B[@1'CT`:^SM*-$X*;OW^C_T$0)@:5(;O&


MK%

M]Y&7)




NY;I#

M8SMFU[:K62)ES(YC'0X:K/4L#\1+NVL.ANU7S8DX(I+[';/7K9ALJJD:N=X?


(1A'@
VUHGH-T



ZO


:0]
QW&:8W'
*_!VWW3LBH6-FNJ3

STG'-95]=



M3;$\]#




8[O[V48]\_


XWEC


MS$#F.^([E=@#R_E\@\;A`1D9+N1!ZCQO87HYOK$0


M'.N3F$)P/+!:ARPBE?P;%I'@`C2+V&ZC:`/V@K+F#@VL^L*RS0'F\*+NM\!;



M=+MG]O?0?HM
T;/*2_\LI:$.?=1T2(QY9GDQ4K-]2+'P;#/7+\O:S^!B?$2@
QN91*]J^XBS@E$9,A;/`:_I-
M/]A50%:$\4(:AG7Z;!(NL/XC\469:(Q]!;PXB;Q1FH21+&[:[$4MB_SSJFX<
MDBQ[6/M8KXDEIJ[GLXC7##$L7X_P!OS0O0%FW@N-L#&N;5$2UX[AM4?LH-`

$

M\JX1$QV


U%\AHYQ/_W(+P/Y&
MXT807'Z/E^O+&1@Q

5JI





?2(2


#?WDF=C:W)GD\=T@0&\+[!;\ZHF.P@*
34;

;/QX@I/::HNEGG+??



MB6F.^ZP5*;KP(


M4T;R1`PXQF14)1M'28^1\X`P@IV/


H:)?H4^6M13/P]2?
MB)%L892(S-$\L2)_P
VZXVX9X2`NA\5%UX@%;.IA:A?/915C\G#4%+Y#CN6;





M8I9

M\9823'
/--((&'D^CFDJKBW&V_(7%XLL&JV$/[P-`W3=Q:QF(
I;*F
SOGKQ

_K!\&3C[_S
M^81Q4ICVB+9REEI




M

.HZ7.^*!%LS?-5TOHXI*[M#



M0[+H






MYPQ/07`


U#F.F%
ZR8*`_AYS/)V-DU$





M[[Q

]
MWB[#[XQ2_
/@+99#^_CU:SGJ*7\!J3+XY2N;_OVG#U&XX`+$@O\E(==*]I5C
M_?2/H]M^^$.*/V!W=L
VK@QE/\8OAKHE^#7?%9=]V=8(F6F&UL9:?.CN$4Y.

M'A@E6;_E:3:##:M?I)XH=CD08[J*U9P\EPP%*D^&D#/2\LVVC&L4WE-1E:%@





K(Q#
79D_N<(
(<6A7+&(A

@OT/(@#Q/2-
MS4$/$4['R:0#_<RNNI@KT\`U(S2VKCKNT%QX*8:-D@Z!)'/JI4FZ#$2
W


$0F:HB`UM3?_NB#G%:9JA'SE@`
+9NZ



MDQ`/-#:.I#+79;]@M%=*KGQ$)6@X5VN?X\#YT=Y29F4Q5G6N1&GR`Z[GCN

M^

M7068S=J?*2T\5'7W_NO;7

M2*_IQ!L?VBBJ6[\VFW$IG@OM`D*MX#D?*((;%TTIOPHX![I_#9QL`;]P



MAS-Y7UL%._+V
[/5Z4+I+K_`\FY=K&`5V0]82D-M6D



I;3H(1LG
M(D*#%CGO
?PB(;W!OA*51GW2/@$O0__SB,B&QWD!RK_?^*`NP+J1D[B=Y!

M='_NBPZOKC`



M\?'J%;+='YB]85\VAQ_89]\8_M@TN4[V]580UVY;&U%&3





^(\1@GPID&TV=[
M?;-M]S1BDLM#L34P.TZM\\L?


;4_?0UCG)HQ
#.WBF#:UZ_9]P)V

DL9%)6U!!
6



:
M8,;.:@%+Y*)PN=J#TP

MK@Y0:($*+8`X&3VV6A9[X-
F)'D)I:P7&9Z\!

!1&JU
9LAH4


MX7K0!H.C5H/PU%KP#`C8K'BN*^KB$/V.E]79(%6:BZL/DDX7*NC;9GNPNZ[L

*R\YVE0V4/3MBQM=WY1N#ZZ'_+X

M*
V0!7R&ZW
DIVV9W7;3?/)DN![H?VUS(R?$8[DZ^S/UECA3[%D2S#:=7G.I






XI[L#N

M]7@

`S
2O!
?=AZD]H4.J89P
#@4;

M?E6*J


'IP!


BFWJ)T.NFL0B!X7WO.QJ88(T$*2XX4!R!MXJC`UC


M

MJRW@R


M$22W292.T4*8&+]%X7TR-[XLT?].`[24/Z3!Q#0^M6Y:IO$27R253?]U_AZY
M#?G9X/4K

(#@F0V
M@\XC7`-91!!KDV5

MDCY.OC-:F?-/S!E(L%?&1
8?&(+`\(+/\L@`
SZS:



MY:[MT98TYJ_[


!W2_9*Q7#!IX.

M(EQEY*@%!*9^PK&.`0WADR
C.=;`M'H]'@#C-+G%6R4$$Q_XPF
?^!;)SH@_
M`W8*[]M@7(HLREB

]
ML!^!&X)`X


MB#N-
+L;60$

9NB8$JKZ%!!



`G)@Z*S!$_$4=#G\@:YS)$CJ

M_-6(H$/1-(6H*7Z)1
N3Q7XXG1V
MVZ\W4M]/%N;5*29EVUU

7










#?H]1'=@H4E]`B*^8I7D:;#!:S$)!%Z_Q';7?+6
*YKSM
7L

-RG+R!S:*



M=*6_#;3D_HR`#@AZQR(QNFGCA/(=\O7E=A3D*7LJBFZQ*P)BW\XX34%H.#:?

TPB&K@9`---;'G-O5[ZG

MHXLI=?BP56U/W[.


MSF:\;
.R9\:RS7C9G2;%0P=OR[W!U
'_V^;*/-HP:L;+;H=E8`]
J]_1=NL7
-8C
M3UY:3M_L]ONOM-W\1:&[U;/+9I!=)J9U,0B:;)E!<30'+8'^HJ'LLAYPIN`



P7MAV6;/&N+@/774
5E\.D#K*9(Q(G?J5]B1G+7[+4=9:XL=B:./.JNEXV5
M7=`9HX^])`;+!BBOTP\.%Q)&
4MHS#AUG:V'4:Q8




MFL\FQG-H][NX[H
G6CUX7*+L.*_5^.N4+/ZW7]+X:N:ZRU_)[IB'/E`[?D]'



HAF+S
QUR6;
MX[1L.F9PZ%%8C=VEAUH=E$@ZIOGH0A1D5!$M/2,/0'9]/[,Q1BO0@0F;X32)
M4B

6IA

M6=?2Y])T%($Z4M?1M@Z]%76`H:
#$#K`H





:GLZM.@04
%YX9(BZ2':WA

M:NVD:&@L&#THT7F@Z?

D_RD@T8K@^&T[^Z1;L`?3.&8&

M]_^J([A]

MSQ

W
#$N_
F+)C$_)X0K^?G[AU^Q[@+$\SX(5Z-C33P
5TAQ
O[

/5QBF49X@T_I.^^8CPF)S(#_M(SW[G@N[N]W0[AP^64A?

M8W'&H(G9#.*4%Y=XL=*\AF1`;L:NI-D[GQTOJEF\Q?X1_='()&@8LB0B@
M]`9WF@)7WJOLLM2O&['W8^\B4AG$``5WH&Y48GA
S=.




@8P/D
<DAO<TA_C.=N,!.L`_^3O]+_-TR=4#^FG&1J3(`
MO'T+6N\]WU=%0^PN1#X2



X4NS#8%
V^XT02ZHNP*
2(C%DFNVW')44URWO%.Q

GQA1B?
MF'L!)W6K\6GL



\X[CY
_4G!1/6(YHO.:$4`973$W\



MSE(

(HHKQRC81
J;\
`D%R(0&1`A(DC;F`748AFQXWRQ$[K@/
MH^_X7YESCZ!/

M6A8N7E[UV2.&[*X[L#?YDBB6%



L&\B6@*-+033:G7QU99)7/.#'O(9

**GY$@);



MX$PQ+



M_P?K-.


1O#SCVD)!(1?Q!!

C@IOE]S*7+1:K;7A;

MC2L#=\)+&@UE+S%1



#4]Q2B`-+QHI:PCSY8O

A*&.0




M10#V42.1]J`

F;



V$\C
'I65RW3RZR]_'/<\E0&B.]`!BU0





M'MBUFI^G#K&]#R:54YA*IYX_'L?GD0W?5-V=%[W.5M8^/U(U57?G1C#-4T(;

NK.4.QBVOU

MS:..]J:0'AXO+5QW-'6!
7#XZVKCX6N.MJ:
M`'EPO+5QQ-'6!$&I\=;&\49;2WJ4&F^]?E)J&FU-

ZCL.Q!^Q&#
1'

\@'7SL5X+4)?P&$W'NW
C+TQC


NM`T93[Q#/Y

MV+GVD.Q3F\\.3



MAI/5U2CU?#Z6;3E?Q6#

4#D'TX`O$EO`-5`O&XST)X+?@[3&?(CEAXF/T


7`W



YE;`$^D?D+[064I'/9PF@7$
M'CC[^7';=W#6#UEV)_1E^D']3$`;4[1PYA_6Y_3EL%H*$`VIZV460%$C+T)

')`T\
(
/X#_JP64`3
M)_0N`*QY3/.K


8)3Y)+

R&

0`K=O)7P3-L40F/JLN


8GZ&(


M@J`T#%'!DOZ1#K$(
&-*B7`6&


S08VO]!_C8I5EO&#=]L

%`^73`

6Y
-#QL&;=+-D9#-4?
M!/-3-K8
5+H')94@5TUE+13N1O`NQ81%VB:1=RE8-*2@T!V&I_%1Y1W9BERC

M0Z


M[#HEZZ?IABX-D]4-F'X)'

LS\!M#MA.N`H(8Q)AR@'B


M0S




#+P0
M('+I@E/X%F`JS;`$`MR@?#ENNV?19;Y3B3W3&*5<IJ%S*/-$/$`-5H1P2_Y7
M@[+!,`8.BX$\6;YQ2UP2
!-+?R-1\4HE2-#X%WHWV7^)?P%=4'9BM2)OB'
MD+*$?8$9V:^+JP7L!F/3WG!!'@9S#[

M

M$8-#UC*NQ;$^B7D#QP
C%V3EJ.3?L'($%U#5T6Y#YV+\%`U`4%VE!ZR8=;/G


M[DMAELF\E.@NPAL^&NJ\5



S)?
;F6SXEI.





D$/A_%^*2I4%&%&\\]#


MT


M7[


MAWLWC%H.MSY7%53(([
M'TI9N?#B
A.QBY/






P



]-

MZZVM2EW7


MK`H;0@$=8\]CKKP4)!`L6Q#1\/?6J@`U=IS?9+@$#C(`!9_4ZHZ=&?4REYZG




M828@O%V^%X4.3R!#W6G
XB/#XACR=7
M4M!%V$ZQJ

M#DUQGCW&NQH&C.\**PMH5L!_TLF
]Z^EY+#OXL]YJ(3N3OC``YD!NPUW4D3E
M%59(%`IRY):A:`/)/

F(
M)0L8
O&1^1EIUHV2&GH;HMH
0:#ZKC3@W:A$
BT(#ZKCD4?=DZ-2E2MC8+S7
M-)I@57B.#$2
$24R/[N0L+M+QHCZYWR35$.$[H@@D=QL66%TH&C)#:ZJ%M3.


HE[OVL8V`Y7SFBK1\*UM$E0H@
M&N(?/6`G1^)AP!^4$N?)1*
M!I.K


M'%K-T6PHU%#H4!`LT^X
S


MI&?







!W':8[%






3')^M?*GMKI-6:SXKFN


M
]8^4(]F3SKF\/PG7S2T/R@;K6?V]]!^BTS1):^)KYY)NN/F$&T*5.4K62+1


M+W/WN#-/D$;QY*E'VKA3=:%N/QW/U5D_E))'L')KM&EMV6_[^`?X1$&1@B-0

M[?HW[FJ!M]T?PNC+DD5@)P2S3\R-V6
R[(^,_BRIQ@V$G!FK?]
&PQW(\%


:1^%O_;HI:L-Q1FJYT
M3*?[E)T/CLQ:N^O`&]8Z

JT$IM%IY.7SY)-XAV




M&N+


MU1


MJIY^Y[H$1@VJ!G3V*V!]2QYQFY9@UI9YM1Z(9%\`%F=7H)6VC`2E=VRQX^


=V[3:^I8$70**'=OL[T&Q+M&9

/[YG=:C-M=5
?65%/

^1G+9E=MM-^\*3

MT]SAG!WE1
BAUIY8)[[+^10&






M_[!Q@@(MQ+M3#_[F8A]S3Z/*_8N+PGYF;0AET_*7X##4;X=88:`*'#+$/;
MTG.6X4Y;97=#Y4KMDTM+[-(]10^&_G-V_*P@I!X`C7].ZHJR&#TS$'UNX\
MW:J\?6(&=BHB73LN/0HKU@;-
1FOUS/[@P


;U=DD'7_

WWR^6?KAB[#:!+]^DT7@.3]SX;I!52X.C
MGRZ6^%




MR?E+NM%BKY^A1Y+B^Q\L&GLQ!F*]TIT\3F[Z'&4VN:U3+Z@#6.5(_+#DX?B)








MQ'89$=1@NY$DYXCM1I+H)DD.

MS?BDK*VVCU20W^#]--+$Z9E6VVF$22-



V+QM]IS=03==6+TAV[F(PX9BN\P%:V!:O9Z^]D)#



_^.?0;`

M#KZ&O@]/U4*/WG`X=/)]/`*$0W;S+F4?`_&NQ]*CWW&Z[6H[V;)\+;N81XP=


M

0\0!Y_^-X%8(`!DM`8
`1

@Z0;&'*T9?M)0CO8

U`C#7`%L+

M#!6MG
\K

MRM195LU\8BP&2QX-`=NVWI'@&DK[1&@`7^N&D!@*'YGB%&!QUH49K?=
M=GJ*@%I?Y!`@*HL<V[&[:HCA(2^LIBAU0Q2Z!TVS0V7BYR]ZD#+<-CK]U03










M)8(H'?7#
$WBQ`TF
D%(#T3KY*$WL94SZU5\%B&5)VKCW&IW
X#.(_I25:`Q

M/UPQMO'$PYBTVA?*5X`]6\&D?64/CHM)_0YH7'T-6;DD:I$*_4
.:B:XN\5)


M`X'@W\

M#*;Z37VG6Y.%6G$#.B&NJ]BRW75;-AW%[
\4NQS?P;_6[-EW\

HJLDOAD/Y6]^.'+]&S=*


MM`D#^`O5W-XRP`7Q=S
GW?C7!L(B`Z8&

MT(*C@0LNV%]_N0'.L?1#'!NIQ
V4D8H'$+P^2ZDP8^CXECZ?=M3N7UF].@R=
M`O0Z(V67+2[P815&6)X?/HX@;.!-O:MV[\JJ$MC7#C'`*



MP_#Z@8TB$O\XZU=SQ'YPO8C&\UR#G[_@X?G/+)F'DS]VY`H?07!^4X(M*2[K
M&KZ;)!@D6803YJ-BG_!9LD@UY@U
8=33J:AA'I-5(\?LA/?FQ$B##?9
MK8Q82W^NC_3D)%/SAKP7BOF@Y_:ZQA&]0J

%#1.7#(4



VF
M/W\





8I\
M[U?\-_SZ_P-02P
$%`````@`*3!X1L$P,?Y$P``W@L!`!4`'`!I9FET+3(P
M,30Q,C,Q7V-A;YX;6Q55`D``^XU$57N-1%5=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``[5U9

MQP\'/]^-SN\NKJ\/O@&X1P$.(0?#D)\\,]__/E/'OWWXU]&(V^8#`_\RZQ


M)-I6=O3Z_='1^(C^2\E_#%#X?


4;QA89
EEI?)S9D\$


Y
M=7Q77Q+:;$P$%%-W+N@%B)XF`7XQ
/!*:V4TG?
M@E4G*LQH1R6<[RWMQHIFTMW(@C5E*E)1R0:6#<6[D2
*8K1HU9\J)?L1(!K

`8HZ*C'
M:54QI
KW!

M*AN#\)'YC?



MGC.9/@/_K:&'1G`N+X!C=&/RKTJ9KF9*I=!ZR[GAF
MK_?$KQ&D7ZX-6+2




2L=649+IZ1PHV0I3M-L/^0QCM7.04NF!=&(5
M)!V]G0-KMU:SE5J,46-A/6A.K4(CT=(Y1#[CF&\@3C$(VWI)\)6<U2]2(M8

M`MJ
$N84@H3=/&%3+7Z8
X'S[?%LS=%L.YYZ^'YG-YSM;3/GFD%A=3_53F=@
M(B72`_)[JT!J:.T
-.WK/







4I_3S$]<_F



M




MOGB1R]^\ZMFA/N6OO[1=$OM;J=B



MI\PL]3:`KN37


M9ZLJP2_

.?($9)B@$H;]?6&ODX4@[

M8HIJ/?PJ)(X&CW8`-IK#/02+'N-70`@=V5Z]0N(C:2H$.96C)W#:N5&149QS
MI46A-?NBA
31PS3M
-3MBY83QE!]V9./]#\VLUS3T2=;[X8$X7EUG46
J1D7

3(1..._08X@6


MKU=DW)=V

MG7'S&#M^2X\S]$`X]S*67CT_1]=*30`B_'&%3S1.)JFO82?(=[(*&OBW5848

MTM88Y./'T!JH;.75^+GQ*7/X`.&FY2IDTMW&HZRR':E%;7'C4:X)*])1((
M=*X%;8









MS1X\;P=BD=)V@.@2Q[I%7(92Z\$.47GG5#!V*D):ASQ+TVLAPH:H

8;:8IM
M7(N
]2.\95SL0RZD55+R[)+ET%C6K)<<3-F26+Y13%&<;-2

M+^=L4\?
\EI*ZB7JR97



SX






W1

Y$
M$S\RXHE+V0J#M!\B@B^G%XNZ-A$D%`J3$[5.F


2^
(P/B8&E$6UU_(!`ICL5]PVJ:D6$:])1








MDHTKZC.2;RK
*ZOM*]BF:5#F-?4L@#8NKZBRDZT
\S6&'KV














MYVVTSMB



MIR%KW1TUJ5/GE#13\R:




M#


MHUDE5BE_&O$I&8W5BVD5MA21(U%Y9R)`:FQJ]]1D&AA&;*8FP\'++6E3'EN1


[[
M,:TA.#/I@V47?9M;OP(X&OP.(47$8I!-VQ5$Y/\K(7/%K1)T-FHGBYAB;
M!\7P^H2L
NN9@

M5


M?J0^2@#C7I:7!!:5LA

(FA:S



Q8P3KM\566R/K31:3TP72B@89R.IA)$*1\;*/\-D
M=DJOI:VSN!ZEX(C

ST#!4B.P^V;%54B.-#

M#8-I&IV%4XF'JD


EY3
&FHZ`$!3.83`V8W-
(8)KV%V


M

SJU-]Q*CQT6?_56%?;P;A!7HFNR6J*!

?3*9C0A9
D8#!.3DA'1WY$K_RE]'Q4F$QLBU4/D`K:$UJH6/B
ME%^Q9HB@QK`23C1=UHT*AN@13264NC'N&4!=4?.`/$Z\5M`625TVRDUR1

M@QXP'49@E3WA6!IM#R


G.OL7C-)E!%/X;!-]BPFK!O&GZ@;*(+`WP&7P*/L4SF4;
MUVV^I

8].QA
M\UAX-^\.]2JT[Z8;A8+K64M&3B:@C#AOPA2]8+_BSX2Z07HE38%K-[7+RP

M3'P7C`N)/_/LEC*

M&H5A;*OPY!:_&UFZ5-(CJ!+!A2-NVUF?#A#POS_Y3VVB]()#9@%7Q%\2F:


'8*R0YDRI**V=^M*

%]SP*MZ-C9

MT06VA3;?\@!.5Y:/9#7R-8+W?G3EHR0&2#:*RPB&
I2KA6[O-J*1WJ4#CIS$

AB*XB6
M_1DFL]

M

I3F
_A4T)Y6X[-MG2]1`XG\.8:28;
CS22!@M_6(K3%1M%`3$0\-
M/+D<(@P'F@@K'V$*IOHG!]F1/;Q(T#^`]#
+-P3`X.PI5YU(;)'NVFKCL`]
M/7-

TQ@E*J;Q%]WLDB^R:U#

MH-N9'W.=Z`Y&'4
.!F%8_2I#9))VLS#E^LJOK5RB:SI\7@
?PY@XT;1/D4'U
9$+H
M';]R+!SSGA<ARH+!W:0(+#<P/-H55:AP0PTALI^_$'?D8T?LI[1@='4&WG;



A!%B.M!0\/`2
M$0_!IOI5AM`FW]`K!F[G#WZWR:HRA#;I0/1:9U=K8!M/&GM#(Q=3Y6?;'@-]
MN7(PUM&I`H3'YEQ





:AV$NKQ).


MF#YJ`A*7J(/NU@5*8MZ%




M0Q5@

-


MQ
([YPBWCYC+;F[+J+KLRQZ362((0+#F_R2
?3+T^%'A8*[Z#4?]6BQYNUK=

*RR+63-:SIE(87-TY%EIE37+[BEG=F@
M56%2/2@ID7T8&Z%54A[BAL7(@)[]RUD(,CQJDCK6BB;PZYJ42XAL73I0J%R
M)4.QT[:Q


)T$`P-T?=G^@M;4MWADQ#`WVJ0\
F


M?_[?_P?1__NW_^_-&W26X#3^9WF\S?GV2+_5W09+?%/Z/.
(G*G/PK^B5*



W.V+

M6@
B

MX(('!$Z-VK?!XC


5=J.:@^:1;'


5&O`H9W
M=CB%\;+10@

B-&
2`;\PHQ

%RS02FN2G`Y


U2R!6OBV3@V4@Z
Q95YE


&NBR2Z3]*D3'#!-Z^UO%()^V24'G?
M2W)),S2PE

MR+]&A$19J1W\1S(^^X$47I^Y`P$P7).A&K.CD=DZ&E0


M4C3GZ=*HT!YPU&EX780S0Q\LP*G%@S/0'J

M9

M+WZ/.4PLY1X_@8F9'.
D2-[#J-C/.0WZG$.=:#$-VY!#232V$4G/QJ=)`8

4U%'_ERZ3'!T9?GJ
1$S1B#@C?&6`'O&*.5AL$8&XBJ@+=6HL'N1@_=
MEJ2:EQ6[3/N1Y
_E(R72*B=EE;$5@;
JBV$$
K/GB

9KC/F^CR8DLI#WZ7J,L/MN2D<

V#$I
MAYQ&6@VOI#%#']!'+0Z'2$:



(PR8QPS


\%^@$*P']P(
M]L
!$.R'B03[`0;!/B59LJR66DJ-9'R22`JO3YN!`!BBR%-J='(P*#!#46F
M.QO3^[O7U+IC6(-LNNT?P33[&)&0,Y?]'50`\REZ,7?_H8S7[B^#-^C^?0$P
M/)A$KI_+;.GTP4_XRC^HXI(B0D=IJ)GG1*+^KM#($!;'=L0$7O-DMP(U;
MOR^-N#@


80-MWE.9AF:9H_LWM)
MQ^O39@/X+GJ9%04N-6.*O;K/





M5`I&U]1!


M
/?50EJ
[O[.GFOUN]#IY1
'#?UH;:
MY)Q%<XHK7VQVS?L5@=IWN*&S1Y+,2YMDPI9KV?*=7`'Y\ME@F!HK$
GG#OO
M9.N



MK&1YTT=6J\5\4




MT!1C4LRC].\X(FIGH!;UQ0`3V)8

M3!6UNJA6_O=PI/HE3ZNLC
6-[=2DT4E;CG.:P6]&@J*Y4%Q!XM06)OBY0IX%J%=24
M%)!-G

_2

M?9?:+6J5/(\W%@:



SIT\Q*
M$0SM7-`*-*1*_%WV.?L!;]1A$/+V

MFA(Y
&32@!

-@RF\_SBJ*YP7-

M(P^&318@A5W\1@613@?1@30&DKCV/)OG2WP7O6Q
4M@NE?3)*`W4/I$D8F#X
MH\8F.B


8FZ[YAXKP7YZMH1RC01*S7
H<D358T3?5JGS!'K=Z0/:.^(
PCWD:GR]7)'^JDT[P
M6;/B0^@4O+_JI`4NO.LDE0;#
-$Z=M.3`$E/0T8M#JK2):P7%TJYPE+^PG



%V%
MLSK@NBH`:PG*`JFPUXQ+M)(N!\!@&M]%'YSZT6VWCP2]GVB0`A4.
`RD@@_M





PO`]EB;@L[BQ


M8

=3P8.LVZQAK6XJ\<E7-XM!3(T!


MVCAQT6H$XI_-E$4C#I%OUI.5/L^`SDX$L[13$Z5T4'*I)R4*4;BD

_E`%#&`6P
5
:
2!9
MTFZCE.4)Y)`^YGFLR9(F%_6Z?:\!.]C`E\B!H8D&G.1EC[B:E^V5;/3-99V:

D.(V'RE

MXV.
$
59=\'#%_:J*Y#U9_Y:$0VS%LKCT0
)GWR10.L3I/=G6)Y%!#;F`9=@

MS`?J%3]%Y`ONF:0:C34*7J
:(_!!@*.4!D
I(T3A`FJMP*?6RU8%!JNHT\T)









0'%[H+JUP
MR&W5#M9%DF&^#&



X*[:B;232O+^Y
4T4X50RJT8


M'9!'GL#+@2(`8DH

87Y%\

M6W+4#3

M\P+K!C
Y/-B;2[/XOZJB9+ZNN
MO
&NE)




M8C=XCJG+5]_%LU


ZRD`)IF(
M4LR/54L`F96()EP3O(H2PVL=9K6P])(;H6?84`?:XK8E7G&&PH7@93
7%@%6



YE*`
M3S:[&]9GL;TVM-<GG)$+*Z`4U&-4)TU8-;I\#0JWBD82_(YQC%_^84=YRNN


MOGLWC0ZK:QR1U]FH$#

M



L8VJ7<Y`.\_418<_\9
%&BHON


M&9.G9*X
MWV@Q`A^\M**4!L
_(T1%6DJVZ-]J@'NY[#9YR.AP






\WD

M'WGU@=EJ^3O!**M`9N3B:-X`[-:9D$:350YTBXIJ^.:3=`K;1L\B]?:N
M606*6W*#ZY%/NQDZ3_&]_:ZL2MCGH*@'W!\!Y9+!_9
5//&@_3WHK=*A
:9X
M2RD=CDC:6$HAI1*YEW(ISQ]8N=&+II48'7RL&9G/F79Q]`YJ+N\9U%^.'L

Y4P6%J9



-\AL
MP\8<Z2Q#IPB&FBYHA5E%JX!Z&L#(V)ONN`S3#OJAI\#6@[6U,CQR6B*VG/;

M\IH=U




!0;#/K-'&CX4
M9;*
2F5NKK&03Q[)`?:I
Y0`PQ8IK#%!/M=/7G1B



L`PQM)P(7)Q=L1!V\*C`HP:=NZ-6Q^OC
M*&6OP]P^8EQ^)'G%`D[K\W)&]2#'Y2R-DIZ6,^BH:LC8
'=-B-ZC'JGYNA(


'
^KIQ4';


T^V
DM-:KPN7PU:X#^8TX







/6-



HTYH
H&F^X.?L!;PHXHK^IT!/K`08HTY[]IL:S(]_;TYO7V+50S(&':^)06S@
M#]*Z!3`C`HV*&77IYIS][I=AVM&<KFH+;AXR%0Y!+#EC&JJ$D.#I)X8UY
MU`JC1MJ%3'MLC%-

M^Q\).ZQHM=2@4@H;G\D
T`=F?0UH

4K=Q2H)5&*=8
MJ:CDHQ7IKR)D&
[QC`_&.0A[
V&(!4LALPDJH3Y:LHOF7Z`'
&Q*=

MN



3AVRS+B'RQY8Z@

S_
#JG\AE







[%5]KILXF308#G$2A


MJ
^.K0/;IXU


/F\L_34I'\_90AT_W8[IIRU/


M(B]IK


`</X<X$757J1

9

P

(SDP_-&`
X6Z$$/=P[D

BF76'GE79#R


M(_


P


M9!O;%0FM3YB
=^T

M9?BHF(


7TZNE56EZAJU`[OY
\*Y.L2K*'YD)#GKF-

MO*





MRD09?WY^@IP^29!J5I2[`91MD(#*7VMZ,:[?C
N(B0-8T2GR.BS+KG5$+8

E_ZW@ZBYM#A05_4?LX
M*G#<%V`9DJ8O:TVH*K1GWM7'<ESB=*X';F_:G7'J27^/CO70'T5H%U/^;B-


MSHNM.ET`A'=:=E4K'D(8



M!@L%4^R8V*D=`!O'6-T8R;3K1&!:6NZQ\7:0B_8'

UD0BCF^^`IBUBPUB2?


MR`=SL)O=J6/@FJV3X=+0)QP5%;7W*KMA)X9(_4KL99Z1]I_'49%LOL(=GC]F
MR1\5UDXX]UNE3^;[^'C]+K//^L`
!!Z



K
$%
MDWE2X&N2*


M5_XI]]YWA]6^[MXKM579?Y\ZZ3]-!_Z49


M28HO9P3C\ZS$MU+7X&YO-Z#[=JZS[BW'BVK]'5V9(VEX_[+1-&RK+;ZUP8

MINX_43?7!N'J;OYJ`_%VWG&'R?(V6:[29)'@^!
N'_/8YUQ)7O_!=G2;S[KW

I[M*J6\)5I10^PR



_2'3IN[?GY$.
M4P/
TON_KDE!












`Y.+Q+2



MPFOW2.X7#7?^Q.!^
+X.[[5%\_CQ:1
`_@D\W?2OXA!5V5[D#;XHKDJ
X+X^


FU:3I:/0;




L]0

C^[
M%N(SX)YF8+_;N)4`AON38
L)W$3:U8HZTGE7)%L7R_(2%V@5K=FRZJ%YU$/*



Y8

M_IS%[)`S!5OODUQ3*XK!4MP-\^87^3
F]4_)
G'(YK&;^@YEHVK'UFI(12-5
MIH3X6/L:&/9YM?+*L%%]KYQA*FNU#*N8DIEAVV369]5M4
I.I0LB_G+1R\%M
MDL0/_QY\;-*`TC;S


M+^@

M4T)2-B&Y_E#QE;^8!+S[NN5I@=$

*6D4KN:A/4NG`]BDEDP-#*`TX

M!@;'1\;HXSJ5L$^.Z@'W.2B7!



M






M3L-SYKL2$TV2:'NT8LK$3A-UJLV`=(K+*$D+=




^Q<:5D1]N(W
MG+Q0








M@:8PG'B1G[S7B6=/17]-\*M`N=

M$
S_7-SAE_*8AC)?A:;4@BLUMS@G%#]XI;U&_-/K/38%H4R*H6ROJ5C:K
MP&I3:[P.]U9--7M_!''58K;.PLRB]B
1-URSB7`:LBI\

MJ0ZC/

MI4(06&OH40HM48LC*H\:!=1HA)G.=3
90VLH)6$UAPFF.!]KQ@@@#=+PX^\X

*QFL4`J!.6+!9[S+:PZ(R:?)?



MG#[A3U$6U0N0]7K&X%UE:;!CKPJ+=
ZXQ^Q[__V[]VBCC&IMU%
/T9+7F%!:
M+AGAS^G_9\SK\3?BSUIKPJK)9UQYEZ-@6@K@3$BPC=G.V;13EIUH1MNZ6M

AD($5M
H\0GK+(^]1SL6G32/

MM?X(-3GKPR#'!$=?GNGP2Q2=5BL-K'4MH*J.
O/V8!/PC5Z(MCFNG9IO3C%
M3SC-5SRQ:[TQ3.$I6LA!U8[V0

;HL5J]\XY1Z.M9KOPPW*5
MYFN
55&DC1*L-G-`+#P
4T^SN[ZI_?H3;NIBCK]8'NF#D^Z@VH..3C-T^ZC
ME]V#3+9V^7PZJ-:P@6K_C'K`%MK/*\V@VLH:KT.LUSS4/(CY6!H??IGD1=





M]

M8?0-H)('V18&L

`ICD6FQ/-?CN.YVP_

M')M)5/D8E8@ZV_:4`RLTB]^R65

MTPZM]





M




G`[1ZJ)HN



M=D6%[[XW=
/J`M3!/Q\]^Z)5SU.0F


M9`%U



M-6G^
I$;+:87#)





M\@?*+G8%0=-D:FE`;64!4G&!'?5TPC=-/?G=G+S3M(M%%CF!`*21RX_%%O



7
MPN,/7@[D=JZ?<75I6;D&P+8T`%6V7O.+
#&ZM(?=DL^NH82I0$VD@:D55['





A=6R*\5+YUT0?!E@]9


BL1!-!'

'?O2ZH^0F

#$T
3(S





5O


WAYSR[?]\OKR;/K&Y]R:(

N&[

Y5CY^&5G3PF;_?T[






M;?0MNNJ%A5MNJ(GL]X8;L6V4ZM:]#(1S*MCD'@D`:V7C7H9Q&63!(VA]:+;L

_/2

;M'-'.S2M-\K!
MG;+

M`U


G);;!?FW%D







5



9N@@ON



2XR*KV\-


KA[]\3Y3J_S3%YY`9JG)Z,=%!T*&ZI`0+!W/,5
M+FQ!SKGO]
L(H;F4'!(;KVU[.-C(MQR

M40+Q[HEOM.Y9


$


MS

0&VUAW0

K6`U7(731K





EN


N^2#%*2];B:&J/V.LH
MH*`.MKES`=7




BI6X-!6BP+;`S

&$`


+/)O'#:H&:4QG]UYH;CE*X?X*8Y]\S5-=6OL







M:(.)EF

MQRHNMQ!#M/5=&2601O4,`'0F%S/YHLP?F&KTUAYTZD\6*^6$)8E%JR@!VZ
M(+-$VB!T%@L--.7T4M37.

MBQC)



4V**@@HW&UH


MEDWC:!J$;(O9^[@W2Q_F:]B'!+WIV)!@T)A$MHHP5HPB((,TVGQ
_&&]+@

M%=&+:




G7MK]_:G
M

M&7T&$BCR@T7]!K%:I5SHF2T0/@
)%+[!HGF#&*X-OCVPW%^])/&B;%5K!;@;


MI2


+5X4W+J)9G
P+_.P%

-891S8\

M'7L[*`M`8J0WLH*L/M
M1KN@8A4$C0G25#ZX^+4H=L*293`U39..W4A'6X/V7&R;4V`N_8YO.YE[Q<
MS^ZQXAKZ51D.Q8WJ00/<1A

M;K+I;[+N$+$^7X

P__M5@HT!ZY-*@=L3JMN@D%WPC
M/(O\.$FE)WZWB+^R=




M6
2`Y/@KECNJ=9MS$12^^57.QM3V=UBWOX)B4I`0.



=3KS(GY1=3M9]8KXX\.`4;M2U


T\


T#MV@VQ]$`QK-MA*

MV(_&6C!IW-NP\(YO*
U\%6
.UD$C\T.1;#7Y\^JG_WS-N^J#E6
O#42YM^W1
C!W@'YK)L=\_=@;022S$D*QXLH[SJ$,7Z(\7MT84*AX:J,IG
M-U9)0LWWT6SV21'?V;8%4TGL=!`<O6`%MP<]13HKP2[XF5CG@9$VAK58
C@




MF3I#VU9:^



*D3F<0WCKKLI5O(*77R6WP^`0K@]^2VQ_SE4WVHF,'/)K%:^6/Y?,E2\O
ME2]^OG29/US[QO;J6L\3[82(O^;KJ\D9EOY&J5U#O<)N'LXQ=6PP`F,=OJ
M&+;H9W1E#5O+M^&`)753-;4*


M
I&086EB6JT<K($VTV&6SNB^HY%4
MKB=6#\A


G!
8TYMKN2?$I&C!=U7ZNBPHS\F



MKN]\K]

M$0


MFFI0UJWKM+D&]+I'6VZP#

)P
M]P
NZC&JS3^9E]Q_B_O2EG5WA*
$NU&2FF!'DPI=2*=XX;.LQ6WT
;J\@[-Q
M





O

MF$\KY^)9`Q

ME'\Q*;DJZJ3=!NG7
HQS)68M(1)U#*GY3)Y+#&GKXX*D+-
FOK\.)$W60W@-


:C$CFE5'3
US-!(\*L&I\MMFRB
MH0&-3=D`(/441]:D;?[
//_WW$LREJ3RZ\:
36UK[`B(77NJ:9H6I@?*D/V5
M
P[T@?0KN*
U=_#
MU8.K;HU=-03^+J6)6QJVUCQ




M#&8&'Q=&C1Z5&^B-EJ:$:&!:)NYR/R)^C*1;#HD:Z&F@^-%\#
\NC?'/PS*\


?'!!D5XL`B*&S&IU
M:R@Z@P6$W-`QL4P#%'+5F0^&/;IO:U@.99A1L[R2KTPRQQ=FG\_469#ROX%?

]N2




^1

13CKG8]





M'\N_-PZ!^F!`0X)=\*#=X81?\KV=A*+JK!Y$#V6B8MQY#S;JOO`KGG0EW69
M)$3KF+2RRUB7FE8[T'^Q.-KGLI?O#K
`X4P^

74V
M1GH1+;E$N+_M`%:%!GLW`I*\!:R&/8GL+CF46AS^;LR$-R$I

I]
D


MYE.6!$NOB
IQKG-YO\D!7@T]=AFZ/F`UBH8HG
W]W4D\%W\6DH_\
M4AO7OB







MX!




M]#%DDQOO1?SJ2
2JU2O*@DTSYI\&R\!GD6\^\=O!I\EX:A34=P!0]UB'?XE#
M3SQ`D;T@:'']X]@5+_=)C]7`_F$T^7
0!?-\CJK0ZS%@IU'MKU[78/[CJ+?W

)U#^(






[X+%@
MYR*




M`4-

UQJ=Q0T<%J
=&=WWE
MI.N`\&Y8T=%M;`S^&);AGG\\1


M[+8NA:!020E+;ULZ=J_9'Q7NJB

JM1T1LY%)PS[]R]!P8
*DU&RL6-38JM[HH!R^T]=
V[$3^
T0@VCU-1H*H53FWJK5F?@O-0E7D4K_ZS
SY[?6FF%??1Q2
M_6O8*P4TT&[F.$_Y9)^FIVS)PG@A!LW]WS0/
Q-$@A1$23ZCLP?4P

MO--D




0F`&







^4\%#_)JJ2K

M0D[$W`ZMABLFY@PIP8

8`P.PKYY32RE]62P0U+3Q5:B:DHA9[P(`

0!EG`





MX'3MH4#1B
\9F:8!C'2TKOG6V1
I&Q?1-)X;8%&W!E]FI`*B6%D)S$:784
M^:7.K




_E8?)%T]('0!6#&S7:K*4`H.1(R]

MT
$O78WW)$^$4

ME_I^070XD3U.JEW*[4*ETXY9#CW?%ZH






MHQTS'?:A*J+6P$1*8XI0#'#S'!S`U5:389_#(H(/$B@-[/M8'GX[Q#_/I;9`



C
PE


MKX%^_ND??T?P=_;/9A.]I\2Q3]$5LYH]=\A^1'=X0D[1!^(2CB7C/Z*/V/'4

-?/7EGZ+C@V.

MP&+5Q#TRCULDDD6'5*)VYU^=JZ




M'[S;/]RN^(0_W7P:].67_WQL8_(\EA-G/B#/O[:6MY_QY];)+W2^=#_V.L^/

MDY8N#4ESE(L!=T+11RU5/
1)*AE!KHJ2LD=JT4O2TCAB3QVY9?F*EA:3O
M?%(:DMHD0R>(=3!BLQ84`'W[N'G8;AZU0W)/-$

M@[^=*=Q/.7/($^B
U`=HTH6B55D+FH*G=.RZ]K4KJ5RJ=L$GNH(&HO9YPTBA

M1C/=P(.`

M==]'`@\'O




]++M]E,LQ]HEUV(W.)=TX)`^)T/.;&U;Z(NM:38[._C
M@NXU%(0B23X*N^CV!S)CS@S&&ZB`P+P%G$'5RM\#`56)W7,E`6-EFM4(S9#

&D
^1'OH!==&U^

\SJ:S#HC5_#

MR`Q;K)KF+L-!85LLLD*M7)S?CDILP54]*=QJK:D-PLQ.B*2$R=6F.[69`9



0$Y%^GBY?F)8+L8<



M:52*1

MVP1J1I_[G
VHR

MY#%#EEM9*X=

M`$UQ
F(B


6-7[5A3B%U0Q1Z\$O!*5EI6TYE!RJ^J%)X]
MVP^)QF-HJ4:TDLJ


0SZ
MYPUU

MU?NV5HUEE\.65%S(HSXT8^:J]1MOFC757\C8(HX4X9
7:J.:JW@E=;2L-?2I

M(NZ8_$U2AWY15_PJ;:%'-M-0QU$OIIPW)/=4YZ9N:CZ%3H\R^TGWS;;G;P0V
MD-]7@Y:J7!U=ZTDR441@)R1DT-ZBO`#9][TO.%+HD!BLBQ+:T/RT
R?T/Q




MG(7K
`N&JS7E/&ACV@QQJMXP-V1U$*F7^\9C\K
M)`?87T%1]3K;'?%@:'#ZG`VB*7M*[55$FS:B)%;*QKYJO<MJ[NT9(RNJWG/5
M.I-8L_-97^I?U5%K]E'K2]V\HW0/I18A9MA1TYU;,AD0GNJ_BDK7S:)MIESU
M.@LK,)<T:[^9N
V/
W9TYPX


M=I3$3Z4@VQXK`K5T6B4N.

&%.M'BG)!7#*DL4VEY5MG2F+GO=@6`\'6&:
7F]6Q
M2UL-'JKWTI4INO/GZ6
4EP
6%77S:AW[CLN:)Y_^,K!P3_C3&;C#7,BV:
M1VLY&ZI]ZVHL=-0;TLJR?17V)2*-H+K&)EDVK21Y8-I=T'%ZB'7I_K&`6K+
M4YN'2)8P%W/PL]V*\V
:1[N9%?/5]-8E92N
50Y31.(U1:O'W`%*?:271
M%%L
4;'::9S

?Y$P``W@L!`!4`&````````0``
M`*2!]L4``&EF:70M
C`Q-#$R
S%?8V%L+GAM;%54!0`#[C41575XP`!!4.

30Q
C

M#@``!#D!``!02P$'@,4``````I
'A&4L5)Q'U?``#HP@4`%0`8```````!


M``$```D@123`0!I9FET+3(P,30Q,C,Q+GAS9%54!0`#[C41575XP`!!4.
=```$.0$``%!+!08`````!@`&`!H``#0H`$`````
`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        

      










































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
16
000
50
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
(16
000)
(9
908)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 outstanding
12
909
278
12
879
651
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 par value in dollars
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
350
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 10
328
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
12
619
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
318
166
143
082
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
87
755
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

069
587 outstanding warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock which were issued by Integrated in fiscal years 2009 and before. Of these
 17
230 expired on July 29
 2012 and the remainder expired on May 31
 2014.
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
3
363
30
985
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Warrants | Optivest Global Partners
 LLC
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
250
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock warrant
 exercise price
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

  2018
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Warrants | Microcap Headlines
 Inc.
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
100
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock warrant
 exercise price
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

  2018
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

 subject to the Company&#x92;s sole discretion. The first increment was granted and fully vested on January 1
 2013
 the second increment was granted and fully vested on April 1
 2013
 the third increment was granted and fully vested on July 1
 2013
 and the fourth increment was granted and fully vested on October 1
 2013
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Warrants | Breakwater Structured Growth Opportunity Fund
 L.P.
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
420
549
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock warrant
 rights
        
        

 2011
 the company issued warrants to purchase 3% of fully diluted shares of the common stock of the Company to Breakwater Structured Growth Opportunity Fund
 L.P.
 with an imputed exercise price equal to approximately one-hundredth of a dollar in connection with a $1.025 million subordinated mezzanine loan arrangements.
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

  2016
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock value
 lattice model method
        
        

 2014
 using a quoted stock value of $.375 per share
 which represents a discount of 50% from the closing stock price. This reduction was based on the application of a discount for lack of liquidity.
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock price
 movement range
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Risk neutral probabilities
 range
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
7
500
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
16
275
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
6
000
10
000
50
000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
6
000
10
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

  2024

  2023

  2023
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
16
568
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
22
127
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 9
212
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 from items that are associated with the entity's normal revenue producing operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 market condition or a performance condition
 thereby giving the employee the legal right to convert the award to shares
 to sell the shares
 and be entitled to the cash proceeds of such sale. For example
 vesting may be expressed as being 25 percent of the shares under option on each anniversary of the grant date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 identification of the award pricing model or other valuation method used in calculating the weighted average fair values disclosed. The model is also used to calculate the compensation expense that is shown within the balance sheet
 income statement
 and cash flow. Examples of valuation techniques are lattice models (binomial model)
 closed-form models (Black-Scholes-Merton formula)
 and a Monte Carlo simulation technique. Fair value is the amount at which an asset or liability could be bought or incurred or sold or settled in a current transaction between willing parties
 that is
 other than in a forced or liquidation sale. May include disclosures about the assumptions underlying application of the method selected.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before forfeitures
 of stock or other type of equity granted of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including shares forfeited
 as a result of Restricted Stock Awards.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          















        
        
        
        


        
$ 1
129
703
$ 466
786
$ 434
814




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
$ 34
979
$ 108
228




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

Eligible employees may enroll
in a company-sponsored 401(k) plan. New enrollees are able to join the plan in the calendar quarter in which they become eligible.
The Company may also make a match at its discretion. During calendar years 2014 and 2013
 there were no matches under this plan
made by the Company.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B93`V930P8E]E-C
X7S1F
V1?.&9B-E]A.3%E
M9C@P8F



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B93`V930P8E]E-C,X7S1F,V1?.&9B-E]A
M.3%E9C@P8F,T-6(-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8F4P
M-F4T
&)?938S.%\T9C-D7SAF8C9?83DQ968X





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


M='


T0B5V]R:W-H

T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


T0B5V]R:W-H
&-E;%=O




















T0B


O4VAE970Q.2YH


\+W@Z



&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@

M='
O4VAE970R





T0B5V]R


O4VAE970R-2YH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS




M=6UM87)Y7V]F7U-I9VYI9FEC86YT7T%C8V]U;G0U/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@





O4VAE970R.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC

M965T
CDN:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z





M



#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$









O4VAE
M970T


O4VAE970T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(`\



O4VAE970T
















M965T($A2968]

M=&EV95-H965T/C`\+W@Z06-T:79E4VAE970^#0H@(#QX.E!R;W1E8W13=')U

M5V]R:V)O;VL^#0H\+WAM;#X\(5ME;F1I9ETM+3X-CPO:&5A9#X-B`@/&)O


M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B93`V930P8E]E-C,X7S1F,V1?
M.&9B-E]A.3%E9C@P8F,T-6(-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO8F4P-F4T
&)?938S.%\T9C-D7SAF8C9?83DQ968X

M:&5E='
O4VAE970P
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M


M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

M


]

]
T1R;SX-

]
T1T97AT



3PO=&0^

]



T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^
M1&]C=6UE;G0@4&5R:6]D($5N9!$871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y$96,@,S$L#0H)3(P



]





BTS


]

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^27,@16YT:71Y(&$@5V5L;UK;F]W;B!396%S;VYE

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^
M27
@16YT:71Y(&$@5F]L=6YT87)Y($9I;&5R/SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]

]
T1T97AT/EEE

]
T1T97AT

]





M86QI9VX]



RPS-S
L





]


T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@1FES8V%L(%EE87(@
M1F]C=7

;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B93`V930P8E]E-C
X7S1F
V1?.&9B-E]A.3%E9C@P
M8F



]


M8RX@
S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]

]




S@L






]

]
T1N=6UP/CDR-2PU




]




]

]
T1N=6UP/C(X+#DS


M9VX]
T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)I97


]



]

]
T1N=6UP/C


M



L










]

]
M


M9VX]




M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^3V9F:6-E(&5Q=6EP;65N=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



]
T1N=6UP/C
S


3(L



]
T1N=6UP/C0S+#DT



]
T1N=6T^*#0R-2PR
M

M;3XH


]

30X+#8W


]
M


]


]












]
T1N=6UP/C$P
BPU


#DL
3`X/'-P86X^

]












L



]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$Y
2PQ





]



M



]


M;&EA8FEL:71I97

]
M
T1N=6UP/C(L.38Y+#0S

]
M

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^






]




]
T1N=6UP/C$R.2PP.3






M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S+#
P


BPQ
M





]
M


S
L
S`U/'-P86X^


M7V)E
#9E-#!B7V4V
SA?-&8S9%\X9F(V7V$Y
65F.#!B8S0U8@T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)



#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]




M


]



]
T1N=6UP/C(R+#4P
#QS


M

]
T1N=6UP/C(R+#4P
M


M9VX]




#$\

M(#`N





#`P








;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B]B93`V930P8E]E-C
X7S1F
V1?.&9B-E]A.3%E9C@P8F
T-6(O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]



]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q



]

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@.2PU
3



#




]


#



M+#8X-BPW



]

S


]













2PP.#(L.38R

M






T1T;W`^5&]T



]
T1R;W4^#0H@(`@(`@


30U






]


]
T1N=6T^*#0Y+#4T








]





\

2PQ-S`L-#`Y*3QS

M.34X+#8T



M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#`N,#DI/'-P86X^/]S


]


]

]
T1R93X-


3(L.#DP+#@T


]
M

BPX.3`L.#0P/'-P86X^

3(L-S8S



]



M;6]N(%-T;V-K(@D,XP




]

]

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]
T1N=6UP/C(R+#4P

]














]

C





]


]




]



]


M=!$96,N(#,Q+`R
#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M





]


]

N(#



M


]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6T^
M*#$L

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#$W




]
T1T

M86QI9VX]

]







]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$V+#(R
M

]


C(L
M





#$T/]T9#X-B`@


]

P


]

M:&%R97
@870@1&5C+B`S
2P@


]


]


#9E-#!B7V4V
SA?
M-&8S9%\X9F(V7V$Y





]

T1)1#!%135!1SX-B`@(`@

CXQ
B!-;VYT:'

M
2P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


2PQ





M(&%C=&EV:71I97

]






S8L


M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0VAA;F=E(&EN(&9A:7(@=F%L
M=64@;V8@9&5R:79A=&EV92!L:6%B:6QI='D\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]
T1N=6T^*#


]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@





]


T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='



T1T;W`^3F]T97




]
T1N=6T^*#0Y-RPX


M/E!R97!A:60@97AP96YS97


]


]
T1N=6UP/C
L

3
L.#
V*3QS

]




S`L







\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]


]



M/B@T


]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C@W+#@T



]



]
T1N=6UP/C0W+#`S



]




]










]
T1N=6T^

M/3-$;G5M/B@U


#QS



3`X/'-P86X^

CDY

]

]
T1N=6T^*#@S



]
T1N=6UP/C$L-C4U+#0U


]


]










]








]


RPS-34\



\+W1D/@T*


T1T;W`^27-S=6%N8V4@;V8@

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@










M:6-I97



]








T0G
M9F]N=#H@

Q



M.2P@
C`Q

M($]40T)(&ES(8C


T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^






30W.V=E;F5R86P@;G5T




T0G9F]N=#H@



M8VQA:6US(&]F(&YE=RP@969F:6-A8VEO=7





T0G9F]N=#H@





'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[

T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\









@.#(P+3$P(&1E9FEN97


@870@



T0G9F]N=#H@

M;`T*:6YS=')U;65N='




@8F5C875S92!O9@T*=&AE





30V.W





M:68G/B8C


38P.SPO9F]N

M:68G/B8C


38P.SPO9F]N

M:68G/B8C


38P.SPO9F]N

M:68G/B8C


38P.SPO9F]N



P
#`P
#`@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@9F]N

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



Q+`R,#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO


6QE

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97
F4Z(#@N-7!T.R!T97AT


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]




#`P

T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`X+C5P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG



T0G9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`X+C5P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!M87)G:6XZ(#`G/CQF;VYT




M97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P


M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M9!C87-H(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

S@L-S(U/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D






38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



@3F5W(%)O;6%N



T0G9F]N=#H@

@4F5C96EV86)L
M97
@/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



@3F5W(%)O;6%N













T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

T0G9F]N=#H@





C0X+#0Y
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97






T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G

BPX-#D\+V9O;G0^




@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)B


M97


M/C0W
2PP


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4

M5&EM97






M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M:6=A=&EO;G

@9G)O;2!T







M4W!E8VEF:6
@86-C;W5N='
@9&5E;65D('5N8V]L;&5C=&EB;&4@87)E('=R

M='


2P@
C`Q
M
RX@4F5C96EV86)L97


T0G
M9F]N=#H@


7!T


M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)B


T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

M5&EM97




M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*



T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`X+C5P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R






#`P


M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,S$L/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QP

3


'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M



'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

R
RPU

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







M5&EM97

M4V5R:68G/CQB/D%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N='
\+V(^



P
#`P
#`@
7!X


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@
M5&EM97

@3F5W


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@

#8\+V9O;G0^



P
#`P
#`@
W!X

T0G9F]N=#H@



'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



PP,#`@870@1&5C96UB97(-C


@3F5W




@87
@;F]T960@8F5L

T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97









Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`X+C5P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG


MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
S$L





@3F5W(%)O;6%N




T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

86)E;'
@86YD('!A8VMA9VEN9SPO8CX\

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXF(S$V








S
\






'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M(S`P
#`P


M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

T0G9F]N=#H@
M



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M.B`C
#`P


38P




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

2PY


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H-

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

@



T0G9F]N=#H@


@:6X@1&5C96UB97(@
M
C`Q


#`P+B!4:&4@;W)I9VEN86P@;F]T
M92!W87

2X@07
@
M;V8@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
3





T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97







M=V%S(0V-2PW-S0@86YD(0X




T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[




M:6QY(&QI;6ET960@=&\Z('-I9VYI9FEC86YT(&-H86YG97
@:6X@=&AE(&UA

@:6YV;VQV:6YG#0II='
@


M971S(&EN('=H:6-H('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B


T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97




M(&-O;7!U=&5D('5S:6YG('1H92!S=')A:6=H=UL:6YE(&UE=&AO9!O=F5R



N
M($%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;B!F;W(@
C`Q-!A;F0@,C`Q,R!T;W1A;&5D(0Q
BPX
M



M



6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R
M:68G/B8C


38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,3DE)SX\9F]N=!S



#`P

M
T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`X+C5P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!M87)G



2P@
C`Q-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]P/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@



P
#`P
M
#`@



M86QA;F-E#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@



Q+`R,#$S/]B



T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[



'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O

T0G9F]N=#H@
M




T0G9F]N=#H@

S@L
S4U/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@




6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG<F]U;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-E8F5B9F8G
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@.'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[


@3F5W



T
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H@


M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P



M;&4]



@3F5W(%)O;6%N

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G=F5R

M:68G/C

M/D%C8W5M=6QA=&5D($%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
M
#`P

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P


M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

3(L

M







T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P
M



M:68G/B8C


@3F5W


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

M5&EM97

T0P




24G/CQF


@




M

T0G9F]N
M=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



38P



@

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE






M97




M;CH@







@:7











M97





@;W(@9&%M86=E












@3F5W(%)O;6%N

@;F]T(&QI;6ET960@=&\@

@=VAI8V@@:7


M5&EM97










@3F5W(%)O







N(%5N9&5R('1H:7
@87-S970@86YD


@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S




Q


T0G9F]N=#H@






C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
BX@1F5D97)A;`T*86YD('-T871E












2P@


BX\+V9O



T0G9F]N=#H@

2P@
C`Q-P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD-F5N




M;W(@=&AE('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P

M;F0@8V%L;'


T0G9F]N=#H@






T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G;6%R9VEN
M.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


B4G/CQF;VYT('-T




T0G

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C
M96)E8F9F.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R



T0G
M9F]N=#H@

C`Q



'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXF(S$V


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P


T0G=&5X

'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXF(S$V


38P.SPO9F]N

T0G9F]N=#H@

@86QL




C`@)B


F(S$T.#LN($EN(&%C8V]R





2P@

2!R97-P96-T


#$T(&%N9`R,#$S+!T;W1A;&5D#0HD
2PU
M
#`L

T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M



M:68G/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@
M




T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


@3F5W(%)O;6%N





38P.SPO9F]N

M
T0G9F]N=#H@


38P

T0G9F]N=#H@



@87)E(&QI;6ET
M960@9'5E('1O('1H92!L87)G92!N=6UB97(@;V8@8W5S=&]M97)S(&-O;7!R


@9&EF9F5R96YT(&=E;V=R87!H:6
@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M








T0G
M9F]N=#H@

Q






F(S$T-CL@8V]M8FEN960@86-C;W5N='


M92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#



M('1H86X@


F(S$T-CL@8V]M8FEN960@86-C;W5N
M='


@3F5W

'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&UA<F=I;CH@




@;V8@1&5C96UB
M97(@
S$L(#(P


2P@
C`Q


T0G9F]N=#H@




M
T0G9F]N=#H@




M87-S=6UP=&EO;G




(&%L;&]W

-G)E='5R;G,@86QL;W=A;F-E+!A;&QO=V%N8V4@9F]R
M(&YO=&5S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@86YD('1H92!R96%L:7IA8FQE('9A;'5E(&]F

T0G9F]N=#H@


M;&4]
T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L



@8V]M









M=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`R


'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M='
@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R(#



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P
6QE/3-$)V9O




T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@





24G


3(E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M:68G/CQB/C(P
3


M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)B



T0G9F]N=#H@

3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S

T0G8F]R

#`P

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`@(`\=&0^/&9O

T0G9F]N=#H@

@3F5W(%)O


M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\


@3F5W(%)O;6%N




P
#`P
#`@




P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

BPX




T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G


M9&%R9'



M(&]B:F5C=&EV92!O9B!!4U4@


30V.W


#$T+3$U(&ES(&5F9F5C=&EV92!F;W(@

C`Q-BP@





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

C`Q-P@=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S=65D#0I!4U4@
M,C`Q-TP.2P@=VAI8V@@97-T86)L:7-H97




@=&AE(&-O;G-I





M('=I;&P@8F4@969F96-T:79E#0IF;W(@=7

M97(@;V8@








#9E
M-#!B7V4V
SA?-&8S9%\X9F(V7V$Y






]

T1)1#!%3$4^

3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@



]


]


]

















M

C`Q

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M;CH@



#9E-#!B7V4V
SA?
M-&8S9%\X9F(V7V$Y





]

T1)1#!%3$4^#0H@(`@(`\



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]


]

M97





M



#9E-#!B7V4V
SA?-&8S
M9%\X9F(V7V$Y






]

T1)1#!%3$4^#0H@(`@(`\='(^

]


;W-S($-O;G1I;F=E;F-Y


M9VX]


38P

T0G9F]N=#H@

M('1H92!A8V-O=6YT:6YG#0IS=&%N9&%R9'


@8V]N=&EN9V5N8WD@:68@:70@
M:7

M(&-O;F1I=&EO;G


@97AP;W-E9!T;R!L
M96=A;!C;&%I;7



#9E-#!B7V4V
SA?-&8S9%\X9F(V7V$Y
65F


]
M

T1)1#!%3$4^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]



M



T1T;W`^3&ET:6=A=&EO;CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



M

T0G9F]N=#H@

@


L(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!C;&%I;7




N($%S('=I=&@@;6]S


@

M;GD@:7

T0G;6%R
M9VEN.B`P)SXF(S$V

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

2P@









N





M+B!3971T;&5M96YT(&%M;W5N='
@:&%V92!B965N(&%C8W)U960@:6YT;R!&
M62`R


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H-


T0G9F]N=#H@

C0L(#(P


0R!C;&%I;6EN9R!A;&QE9V5D('1R



@


30X.PT*86YD('1H97)E9F]R92!N;W0@96QI





@8V%N(&)E(')E87-O;F%B;'D@97-T:6UA=&5D(&%S(&]F('1H92!D

38P.SPO


M4&%R=%]B93`V930P8E]E-C
X7S1F
V1?.&9B-E]A.3%E9C@P8F








3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
M

]

M97

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@


M86YD(#(P
3










'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[





30@=&%X('EE


T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXF(S$V



2P-C(P,30@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$S


T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E




@3F5W


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]
F4Z(#@N


3(O
S$O
M

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

B\S
2\R


M97

'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@





T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[






T0G
'0M:6YD96YT.B`R
7!X)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@



M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

C`L
S(X


M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

3`V/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/CQF;VYT


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXF(S$V


@

M5&EM97


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@





M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`@(`\=&0^/&9O

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/CQF;VYT('-T




'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@




M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P

P
#`P
M
#`@

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@

#`P


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#`N
M-#5P=#L@;6%R9VEN.B`P)SXF(S$V


M



M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XZ(#`G/B8C

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

2=S(&5F9F5C=&EV92!S=&%T=71O





M
30E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@(S`P
#`P


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

B\S
2\R

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`X+C5P=#L@=&5X=UA

@


M8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9C-F
V8S)SX-B`@(`\=&0^

T0G9F]N=#H@



M:68G/C
U+C`P)3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


U+C`P)3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^




T0G9F]N=#H@


BXX






38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@






M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9C-F

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

Q



M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M


P
M
#`P
#`@

#`P









T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






T0G=VED


38P.SPO


T0G9F]N=#H@


M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

B\S
2\R

38P.SPO9F]N


M='1O;3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`X+C5P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\



T0G
M9F]N=#H@






M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@







R+#$S

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@



M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*



M

M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




R+#$T-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)B

M9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R



M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

M:68G/B8C


M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

M4V5R:68G/B8C


M4V5R:68G/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@


@

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97






T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/CQF


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


38P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M


@3F5W(%)O


T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/CQF



\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@


T0G9F]N=#H@
M


M5&EM97





T0G9F]N=#H@



M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

T0G9F]N=#H@


@





T0G9F]N=#H@




'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M4V5R:68G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXF(S$V

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


M9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*

T0G
M9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


M97



P
#`P
#`@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@




'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^

'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






T0G9F]N=#H@




M;&4]

RPR.34I



'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


#`P


T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G9F]N=#H@


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

Q*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R
'0M
M:6YD96YT.B`T.'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXF(S$V


@

@3F5W

M(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97






'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^





T0G9F]N=#H@


M/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@



'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

L.#4S*3PO9F]N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O

M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)B



T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

M/B8C
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4

T0G9F]N=#H@

M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M


@3F5W(%)O



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P



T0G9F]N=#H@



P
#`P
#`@
M

M

38P



#`P
M






@3F5W(%)O

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@

2PP

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)B




BPP
S$L
S`S('=H:6-H('=I;&P@97AP:7)E(&%T('9A

@9&%T97






M/B8C


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^

M;&4]

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
#


M4V5R:68G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B
M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C96)E8F9F.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


T0G=F5R

38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97



@3F5W(%)O;6%N




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!T



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

T0G9F]N=#H@




#`P

P
#`P
#`@

P
#`P
#`@

M(S`P
#`P



@


T0G;6%R
M9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M4V5R:68G/D%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#




@=&AA=!L:6UI=!T:&4@=71I






@8V%R




@9&5F97)R960@=&%X

M;&4]
T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







@;F]T(&)E96X@86)L92!T;R!U=&EL:7IE



Q+`R,#$T+!A;F0@
C`Q
RP-
MF$@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC92!O9B`D.#0T+#4T,R!A;F0@)#0Q,PQ











T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(S$V



&)?938S.%\T9C-D7SAF8C9?83DQ968X
&)C
M-#5B#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V)E
#9E-#!B7V4V
M
SA?-&8S9%\X9F(V7V$Y

3
N



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C



]

M86QI9VX]





T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


F(S$T-CL@17%U:71Y/]U/CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]P


'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I





T0G;6%R
M9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


2P@


M97


M
T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



34L(#(P




M
2XP



M5&EM97

M;CH@



C`Q



T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P)SXF(S$V

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@=7-E9!A(&QA='1I8V4@;6]D96P-FEN(&1E=F5L;W!I

M;&EG871I;VX@870@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P




@;V8@



3@L
38V(&%N9!I;B!T:&4@4W1A=&5M96YT(&]F($]P97)A=&EO;G,@
M9F]R('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$T+B!);B!A9&1I
M=&EO;BP-F%S(&]F($IU;F4@,C@L(#(P,3,L(0X-RPW-34@=V%S(')E8VQA







M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






L('-U8FIE



M=!W87,@9W)A;G1E9!A;F0@9G5L;'D@=F5S=&5D#0IO;B!/8W1O8F5R(#$L
M(#(P
3


T0G9F]N=#H@
M



3$


@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S$T-CMS


F(S$T.#LI


30V.W
@9&ES



M
T0G9F]N=#H@







T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E





T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=M87)G:6XM=&]P.B`P


M

M.#
E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#AP=!4:6UE



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@




M(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M5&EM97



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


@3F5W

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97







M/B8C

T0G=F5R=&EC



T0G9F]N=#H@
M






S$L(#(P

T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H-

T0G9F]N=#H@
M





T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97




38P.SPO9F]N

M:68G/B8C

M/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M


38P






#`P




T0G9F]N=#H@
M.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D



M(`@(`@(`@(`@(!!=F5R86=E/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@






M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


2P@
C`Q
CPO9F]N



M4V5R:68G/C(R-2PP

M

T0G9F]N=#H@


M;&4]




M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M5&EM97


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97





M9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M,'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97,L(%-E<FEF)SX\8CXM/]B/CPO

T0G9F]N=#H@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)B



T0G9F]N=#H@


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXF(S$V

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@




@3F5W

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D


P
#`P
#`@

CD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@


T0G9F]N
M=#H@




M

T0G9F]N=#H@

@3F5W(%)O

M9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M


@3F5W(%)O


T0G9F]N=#H@


M9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

#`P


T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@


@3F5W(%)O

M8V4@)B
Q-3`[($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T(8C
34P.R!O=71S=&%N9&EN

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
M
#`P

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
M
#`@

M/C(N

P
#`P
#`@

M4V5R:68G/C0N




Q-3`[($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T(8C
M


T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

T0G9F]N=#H@


M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@



P
#`P
#`@



T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


3(@4&5R9F]R;6%N8V4@26YC




M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


3(L('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
Q

#$R(%!E






38P.SPO

T0G9F]N=#H@




M;G

M;G



L(')E9W5L871I;VYS






34L(#(P
C

M




T0G9F]N=#H@


3`L(#(P




M+S


@=V5R92!F

T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97




C`Q




M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M;VYS(&=R86YT960@:6X@

@




2P@
C`Q-!W87,@)#$P+#,R.X@5&AE($)L
M86-K+5-C:&]L97
@87-S=6UP=&EO;G




T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=M87)G:6XM=&]P.B`P


M

M-C$E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@




@3F5W(%)O

M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@






M=&]M.B`C
#`P


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

T0G
M9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M(S`P
#`P




@3F5W(%)O







C(M
BXU
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(S$V

T0G9F]N=#H@






M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)B

38P.SPO9F]N


T0G9F]N=#H@

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@
M=&]P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97







T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[


@3F5W(%)O





M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@



M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

S

\+V9O


M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA
M;&EG;CH@=&]P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@



T0G


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

T0G9F]N=#H@

M93PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG
M;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

T0G9F]N=#H@

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(S$V

T0G9F]N=#H@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



@3F5W



M('=I9'1H.B`Q
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U



24G


3(E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(^



P
M
#`P
#`@

T0G


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L




M4V5R:68G/CQB/E=E:6=H=&5D#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL










T0G9F]N=#H@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXX
C@L



M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\


@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T0G9F]N=#H@



'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(S$V


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


M97


M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

T0G9F]N=#H@


@3F5W


M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\



T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
M
#`P


M


P
M
#`P
#`@

M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M


M8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9C-F
V8S)SX-B`@(`\=&0^

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
\


P
#`P
M
#`@



T0G
M9F]N=#H@

Q


#`P
#`P


38P.SPO

T0G9F]N=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@


@3F5W





M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O
M;&]R.B`C9C-F

T0G9F]N=#H@
M




'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/CQF;VYT('-T




P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


T0G9F]N=#H@

BXT

T0G

\+V9O

V8S9C

M(S$U

P
#`P
#`@

PV.#D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T


M97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T



P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L




P
#`P
#`@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G9F]N=#H@




M9C-F

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D


M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M



M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-F,V8S9C,G/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34P
M.R`R



M.B`C
#`P

M:68G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[



'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G=&5X

M
BPV


3

6QE






M

M=65D(#0L
#DX#0IS:&%R97









38L-38X(&9O



M














#9E-#!B7V4V
SA?-&8S9%\X9F(V
M7V$Y






]


T0Q/C$R


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^




]





M5&EM97

M;CH@






'!T.R!W:61T:#H@



'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

T0G9F]N=#H@




M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M5&EM97

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXF(S$V

38P


M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`X+C5P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL






@3F5W(%)O;6%N



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P







M

M(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(S$V


@3F5W(%)O

M;&4]


T0G

'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@

3
L
#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/CQF;VYT('-T


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(S$V


M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#`P



T0G9F]N=#H@

C(U/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S

T0G9F]N

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


38P

T0G9F]N=#H@




@
M02`D





2`S,!C;VYS96-U=&EV92!T<F%D:6YG




@;V8@

@:6YT;R!A;GD@

M('=H:6-H('1H92!S:&%R97




M4V5R:68G/B8C

T0G9F]N
M=#H@


M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&AA9`Q
RPP








2XX



'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M=P@9F]R(&%N(&%M;W5N=!O9B`D

@86QL(&%C


M=&EO;B!O9B!T:&4@

@;V8@
M=&AE#0I397)I97


2!T:6UE(&%F=&5R(AI




M=F4@96%R;FEN9W





M:79I9&EN9R`D


&-H
M86YG960@;W(@8VAA;F=E9!I;G1O('1H92!A9V=R96=A=&4-F%M;W5N=!O

@

M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8F4P-F4T
&)?938S.%\T9C-D7SAF8C9?83DQ968X
M

O4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]


]





]








@0F%N

@86=R965M96YT#0IW:6QL(&)E('5S


T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M=&AE#0I#;VUP86YY(&]F(0R+#`P,PP
#`N($%M;W5N='





30X.RDN(%1H




B!T

M
BPW-3`L



M


@0F%N:R`H)B

S0[*2P@:6X@=VAI
M8V@@=&AE(&QO86X@86=R965M96YT(&%N9`T*8V]V96YA;G1S('=I;&P@8F4@
M;6]D:69I960@86YD('1H92!#;VUP86YY('=I;&P@;F\@;&]N9V5R(&)E(&EN









M($-O;7!A;GD@:&%S+!A;F0@=VEL;!C;VYT:6YU92!T;RP@96YT97(@:6YT


2=S(&-A<V@@;6%N86=E


M

M;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

30V.W


@0F%N




C`Q



30N($]T





2PR
C`L












]



T0G;6%R
M9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M

T0G9F]N=#H@



@86YD($1I




@=&AE


M86)L92X@3V)S97)V86)L92!I;G!U='






M







M9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G;6%R9VEN
M.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



M:68G/DQE=F5L(#

@=&AA




M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L







@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%N





M
2P@
C`Q


2P@

M96P@

M









38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H-


T0G9F]N=#H@


30V.W


T0G;6%R
M9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G=VED=&@Z




T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[



'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M

M;&4]




T0G=VED=&@Z


38P.SPO9F]N


T0G9F]N=#H@




@3F5W

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-W!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!V97)T


T0G=F5R=&EC

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXF(S$V



T0G=F5R=&EC

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



M4V5R:68G/B8C

M




T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P


T0G9F]N=#H@
M.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

979E;`T*

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]





M/3-$

M9#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`X+C5P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N



T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

T0G9F]N
M=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

979E


T0G9F]N=#H@



#`P



P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

T0G9F]N=#H@


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

#`P




M9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L



@3F5W(%)O;6%N



P
#`P
#`@


T0G9F]N=#H@


M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97



M97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P
6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/B0\



M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


M/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@
M


M5&EM97

'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





T0G9F]N=#H@





M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O





M:68G/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@



M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M5&EM97

'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(S$V

M4V5R:68G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M+#@U

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




M

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@




'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

@3F5W(%)O

M9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@


@3F5W


M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O




T0G9F]N=#H@

@3F5W


M


M/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q,'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97,L(%-E<FEF)SXM/]F

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



M:68G/B@S-BPQ
#



M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M


@3F5W(%)O


T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/CQF;VYT('-T







T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P



CPO9F]N=#X\


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P




P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@

#`P

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

L
#@R*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E




M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)B


#`P
M


M



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P
M

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
M



P
#`P
M
#`@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B93`V930P8E]E-C
X7S1F
M
V1?.&9B-E]A.3%E9C@P8F


T0G




M/3-$



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




]



M='

M


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


C`L

:6%B:6QI








M:6]N+B!);B!A9&1I=&EO;BP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:&%S+!A;F0@=VEL;!C










@

@;V8@9FEN86YC:6%L(&UE971I










MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B93`V930P8E]E-C
X7S1F
M
V1?.&9B-E]A.3%E9C@P8F




T1T97AT

M:7

T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]

I

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#







M/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

N

M=6YD97(@=&AE(&QA=W
@;V8@=&AE('-T871E(&]F($1E;&%W87)E(&]N($IU
M;F4@
CDL(#(P

Q-#@[+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H-

T0G9F]N=#H@
M





@9F]R('1H






M
T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97








@8V]N
2!T
28C
30V.W

M9'5C='
@87)E('1H92!S=6)J96-T(&]F('1R861E;6%R:W
@;W=N960@8GD@

T0G;6%R9VEN


]






'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[



30W.T=!05`F(S$T.#LI+B!4:&4@86-C




@




M
T0G9F]N=#H@



M;&5N='




]


]



@3F5W

30W.T%30R8C
30X.RD@.#(P+3$P(&5S=&%B;&ES



TQ,!D969I;F5S(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@87
@=&AE('!R:6-E





T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E






]


M5&EM97




M9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@9'5E('5N9&5R


@9G)O;2!T:&4@:6YV;VEC92!D871E+B!!








@86-C;W5N='
@



]
M

T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97



'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@87)E('-T




@3F5W(%)O;6%N

















@86YD
M($EN=&%N9VEB;&4@07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$





M97




M=W
@;6%Y(&EN8VQU9&4@86X@86YA;'ES:7
@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S$T



@3F5W(%)O;6%N





T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\+W`^

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[

T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



T1T;W`^4F5V96YU92!296-O9VYI=&EO;CPO



T0G9F]N=#H@





M;G

M(8C,30W.U-A;&4-F]R(%)E='5R;B8C
30X.R!0=7)C:&%S92!A9W)E96UE







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H-


T0G9F]N=#H@





T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97




T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXF(S$V



T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



M;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

@


N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY)B




38P




@











M;'D@=&%X86)L92!P97)I;V1S#0IS=6)J96-T('1O(&5X86UI;F%T:6]N(&)Y


@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P
M










3`L



'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&UA



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M:&4@)B

Q-#@[*2X@(%1H92!L96%S92!T

@;VX@1&5C96UB97(-C,Q+`R




M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



L(&UA;F%G96UE;G0@97AP












@8F5E;@T*8G)O861C87-T(&]R(&]T

M=VET:!!4T,@,S0P+3(P(8C



T
TR,P@




@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD
M($1E8V5M8F5R(#


N(%1H:7







\

T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L










T0G9F]N=#H@







]

T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@





@86YD
M('1R861E(&%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&5S+@T*0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;G
@



30V.W



T0G
M;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M92!I;G-T:71U=&EO;G


30V.W






S$L(#(P
30L('-A;&5S('1O('1H


M86P@8F%S:7




M(&=R96%T97(@=&AA;B`Q

M9&EV:61U86P@8F%S:7

30V.R!C;VUB:6YE






M.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M97(-C,Q+`R



2P@
C`Q-X@1'5R:6YG('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E
M8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R

@



M(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#







T0G9F]N
M=#H@




T0G9F]N=#H@

@






M3D]

-G)E='5R;G,@86QL;W=A;F-E+!A;&QO
M=V%N8V4@9F]R(&YO=&5S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@86YD('1H92!R96%L:7IA8FQE

T0G9F]N=#H@



]


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P











@86YD('!O=&5N=&EA
M;&QY(&1I;'5T:79E('-E8W5R:71I97


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@



@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3
L


@;F]T('!R97-E;G1E


M97




T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M4V5R:68G/B8C

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M=7-T(#(P


M8W1I=F4@;V8@05-5(#(P
30M
34@:7

M;B!M86YA9V5M96YT)B



N#0I!4U4@

34L(#(P



@3F5W(%)O

'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&UA<F=I;CH@

30M
M

M96YU92!R96-O9VYI=&EO;B!S=&%N9&%R9!D97-I9VYE9!T;R!D97!I8W0@


M(#(P









]


]

M86QI9VX]



T1T

M;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@8V5L

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=M87)G:6XM




T0G=VED=&@Z(#4W


T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#DE)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O


T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#DE)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


M/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M


#`P




Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]
F4Z(#@N-7!T


MB`@(`S
2P@
C`Q
F4Z(#@N-7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`X<'0@
M5&EM97

M=&]M.B`C
#`P

T0G9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`X+C5P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!M87)G:6XZ(#`G/CQF;VYT



T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`X+C5P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R



#`P

M4V5R:68G/CQB/D9A:7(-B`@(!686QU93PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P


@3F5W(%)O




T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T
M=&]M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97




M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL

T0G=F5R=&EC

T0G9F]N=#H@


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@







M
T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXF(S$V


38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T
M=&]M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG
M;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3DL


@

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M;&4]

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

Q


@



M
C0X+#0Y



M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M5&EM97


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


]
M

T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$



M93H@


M
T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@



@




B4G/CQF



'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M
T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`X+C5P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!M87)G

'0M




#`P




3

M:68G/CQB/E1R861E(%)E8V5I=F%B;&5S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M5&EM97

'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M+#
R
RPU

M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







@

M/CQB/D%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N='

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*



#`P


@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@



P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L

T0G9F]N=#H@


M9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

Y.PQ-S@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\






M




M
38E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXF(S$V





T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`S


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`X+C5P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N

C`Q-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^





M4V5R:68G/CQB/C(P
3



M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@3F5W

M(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

C`L


T0G9F]N
M=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@

S`X+#
S

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

C`W+#
R
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R




M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T


M97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P


T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T


M97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P






#`E)SX\


24G/CQF


3DE)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`X+C5P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!M87)G:6XZ(#`G



#`P

M
T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`X+C5P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!M87)G



2P@
C`Q



T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


M/B8C
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

X
M+#
U-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA
M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


S@L


T0G=F5R


T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@
M



@3F5W(%)O;6%N


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


#`P


#`P



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M(S`P
#`P



M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#`\+V9O

M8F]T=&]M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@.'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@

S@L-SDV/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@






M;W1T;VTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T
M=&]M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97




P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL

P
#`P
#`@

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@(S`P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M97


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=M87)G:6XM=&]P.B`P


M

M.3`E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


T0G=VED=&@Z(#DE)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXF(S$V







T0G9F]N=#H@






M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL

'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


M;&4]
T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T1T

M5&EM97






6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXF(S$V




M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C96)E8F9F.R!V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L





M:68G/B8C





M/B8C



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



#`P







M:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@




6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@
M4V5R:68G/B8C


M5&EM97


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



C`Q-#PO8CX\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`X+C5P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R




T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M(&UO;F5Y('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R


M9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


M9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D


T0G9F]N=#H@






'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P











]

]








30@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R(#


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=M87)G




'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G
M9F]N=#H@

Q



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H@

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

T0G9F]N
M=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C






T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/CQF;VYT('-T


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(S$V

M=#H@


M(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

C8\+V9O







M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[



T0G9F]N=#H@





M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[



T0G9F]N=#H@



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(S$V


T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/CQF;VYT





M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C96)E8F9F)SX-B`@(`\=&0^/&9O;G0@

T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


T0G=&5X




M






@3F5W(%)O;6%N

38P.SPO9F]N



M4V5R:68G/C$L


38P

T0G9F]N=#H@

C`Q+#`R


T0G9F]N=#H@



'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O


7!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@8F]R9&5R

#`P

M4V5R:68G/B8C



P
#`P
#`@
W!X

#`P




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#`N-#5P=#L@;6%R
M9VEN.B`P)SXF(S$V








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

38P


M97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P


Q+S(P




P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@

S4N
#`E/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/CQF;VYT






T0G9F]N=#H@
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

T0G


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97






T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G=&5X

4\+V9O;G0^/]T


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


M
#`P



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(S$V

#`P
#`P














M


M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)B


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^

M:68G/B8C

P
#`P
#`@
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#AP=!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

BPQ



@3F5W(%)O;6%N



T0G9F]N=#H@


M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

BPQ

M

T0G9F]N=#H@



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXF(S$V


@

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P





M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)B






M8V]L;W(Z(-E8F5B9F8G/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXF(S$V

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M5&EM97

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXF(S$V


@

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C96)E8F9F)SX-B`@(`\

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/CQF


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


38P


T0G9F]N=#H@
M


M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

#@X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/CQF


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


M97





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*



M.2PP





T0G9F]N=#H@







T0G9F]N=#H@




M4V5R:68G/C(R+#
V-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

Q

M(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

Q



T0G9F]N=#H@

M4V5R:68G/B8C

P
#`P
#`@







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D


M/C(P


#`P
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/B8C


'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@



P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L

X



T0G9F]N=#H@


@3F5W(%)O

M9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97



M:68G/B8C

T0G=F5R

@


T0G9F]N=#H@



'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3
L
CDU*3PO9F]N


T0G9F]N=#H@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXH-#$L
3

T0G=F5R

M97!A:60@97AP96YS97



M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H



M8V]L;W(Z(-E8F5B9F8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6EN9&5N


T0G
M9F]N=#H@

Q

M(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@



M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@


@3F5W

M(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



M4V5R:68G/B8C

T0G

M97

S@[(&5Q



M:68G/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

38P

M4V5R:68G/B@Q+#0Q

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@(S`P
#`P




M97



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S

T0G=&5X





@

#`P

M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O

'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97



@3F5W


T0G9F]N=#H@



M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97,L(%-E<FEF)SXR,#$L,#(R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/]T<CX-CPO=&%B




]
T1T97AT/CQP('-T
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&UA<F=I;CH@

@9F]L

M/3-$



T0G=VED=&@Z(#(X

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

M5&EM97




M
C$E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C96)E8F9F




T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@



M4V5R:68G/C0S-PX,30\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

@3F5W



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@




M97

T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G9F]N=#H@
M

C`S-#PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T
M=&]M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


T0G
M9F]N=#H@

Q


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M+#$R.2PW
#

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

T0G9F]N=#H@



@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P


M
#
Q+#
P

M

M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8F4P-F4T
&)?938S.%\T9C-D7SAF8C9?83DQ
M968X

O4VAE970R
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]



]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#




]

M;&4]



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$

M.R!W:61T:#H@


E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(S$V

M;&4]

T0G9F]N=#H@


M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)B

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97



M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C

T0G9F]N=#H@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(S$V

M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)B

M9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

38P.SPO

T0G9F]N=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97,L(%-E<FEF)SXU('EE87)S/]F;VYT

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D





6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/B4\




T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$




M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L



T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[


T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[




@


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D



#`P
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T






M5&EM97



M:68G/C(N
C(M
BXU
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T






T0G9F]N=#H@
M



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA
M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97











38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M5&EM97

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4

M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL






6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE

T0G9F]N=#H@





M

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[

M9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

S



38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O

T0G9F]N=#H@

M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O

T0G9F]N=#H@

M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@


]

T0G;6%R
M9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


30V.W





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

M/B8C


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G=VED=&@Z

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P






Q


F4Z(#@N-7!T


\


P
#`P
#`@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M96EG:'1E9`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@


@3F5W(%)O

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P





T0G9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`X+C5P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!M87)G:6XZ(#`G

'0M86QI9VXZ

M5&EM97





#$R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D


'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^




M

T0G9F]N=#H@

@3F5W(%)O


T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#`P



'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97








T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R



M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M


@3F5W(%)O


M

'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^




T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXF(S$V

M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXF(S$V


@





T0G
M9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

@3F5W(%)O

M(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@


@

M/B8C


M
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@








'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M97

#`P
#`P(#-P



'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@


T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M92`F(S$U
#L@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30@)B
Q-3`[(&5X97)C:7-A8FQE



#`P
M


M



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P
M

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M(S`P
#`P


T0G9F]N=#H@


38P



@82!S=6UM87)Y(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY
M)B


T0G9F]N=#H@
M




T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[


T0G9F]N=#H@


M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

@




24G/CQF


38E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G=F5R

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^



#`P


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97











:69E/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^/]T9#X\+W1R


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


2P@
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*




T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


M97




M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M-3`L



M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L






M:68G/D5X97)C:7-E9#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL




T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M5&EM97

#`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^

V8S9C

'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\

'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


M97

'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@


'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



6QE

M(-F,V8S9C,G/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/CQF


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M=&5D+V-A;F-E;&QE9#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

M:68G/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O



#$T(8C,34P
M.R!O=71S=&%N9&EN9SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXF(S$V



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E





T0G9F]N=#H@





@3F5W(%)O

@3F5W


M(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97




'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M9&]U8FQE)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97








T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/CQF;VYT('-T


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(S$V

38P.SPO9F]N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O

M;G

T0G9F]N=#H@






38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M8FQE(&]P=&EO;G

T0G9F]N=#H@
M




M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)B



M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO

T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



&)?938S.%\T9C-D7SAF8C9?83DQ
M968X
&)C-#5B#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V)E
#9E
M-#!B7V4V
SA?-&8S9%\X9F(V7V$Y

M965T

M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$5


M1#$^

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^





]

M;&4]


M.B`Q


M93TS1=W:61T:#H@-3`E)SX\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@

@3F5W(%)O

M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
30E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O


T0G=VED

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M



T0G9F]N=#H@




@3F5W


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]
F4Z(#@N




P
#`P
M
#`@


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`X+C5P=#L@=&5X=UA




38P.SPO9F]N



T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`X+C5P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG



T0G9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`X+C5P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!M87)G:6XZ(#`G/CQF


@

#PO9F]N=#X\


T0G9F]N=#H@

6QE/3-$)V9O



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


@



T0G9F]N
M=#H@

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM
M97


M:68G/B8C



M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O


'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

RPP









'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M


T0G9F]N=#H@


@



M



#9E-#!B7V4V
SA?-&8S
M9%\X9F(V7V$Y






]

T1)1#!%3$4^#0H@(`@(`\='(^



]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@


@6T%B


T0G







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*




'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)B

M
7!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P






38P.SPO

T0G

@

M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M


T0G9F]N=#H@


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U
W!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



#`P
M

M:7IE.B`X+C5P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



M1&5C96UB97(-B`@(`S
2P@
C`Q




M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P



T0G9F]N

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O




#`P



T0G

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




P
#`P
#`@
7!X


M/B8C



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
M
#`P

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@





M=&]M.B`C
#`P
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z
M(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/B0\+V9O;G0^

M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O

'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@

2PP

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)B



M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/CQF


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


38P

T0G9F]N=#H@


@


'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97,L(%-E<FEF)SXQ,#@L,C(X/]F;VYT

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


T0G9F]N=#H@


M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)B

M9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

S@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

T0G9F]N=#H@
M



T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

@3F5W(%)O;6%N



T0G9F]N=#H@



'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

@3F5W

M(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@


@

M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\

6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G
M/B8C



M:68G/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R



M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M


@3F5W(%)O

M(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M,'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97,L(%-E<FEF)SXM/]F;VYT/CPO

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*



T0G9F]N=#H@


M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)B

M9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

S8L
3`S*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M97

'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@



T0G
M9F]N=#H@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M(S`P
#`P


M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)B


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M(S`P
#`P


38P


P
#`P
M
#`@



M=&]M.B`C
#`P

T0G9F]N=#H@
M


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


3$T+#DY
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
30S+#`X



P
#`P
#`@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@


'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

T0G9F]N=#H@



#`P





T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@


T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T


M97(M8F]T=&]M.B`C
#`P
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@
M4V5R:68G/B8C



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@(S`P
#`P


T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O

M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

&)?938S.%\T9C-D7SAF8C9?83DQ968X
&)C-#5B#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V)E
#9E-#!B7V4V
SA?-&8S9%\X
M9F(V7V$Y

C0N:'1M;`T*0V]N



^


M1$E$






]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





M-3



]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C@Q.2PY




]


]
T1N=6UP/C0W
2PP


M='






]
T1N=6UP/C(L
SDX+#$W.#QS


T1T;W`^
M06-C;W5N='



]
T1N=6UP/C$L
C0X+#0Y


T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV92!


]


&)?938S.%\T9C-D7SAF8C9?
M83DQ968X
&)C-#5B#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V)E
M
#9E-#!B7V4V
SA?-&8S9%\X9F(V7V$Y

M+U-H965T

M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



3X\



S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]






]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BPS.3@L



M930P8E]E-C
X7S1F
V1?.&9B-E]A.3%E9C@P8F


M(&-O;G1E;G0]

M04



]




86)E;'





T1T
M;W`^1FEN:7-H960@9V]O9'


]
T1N=6UP/C$L-C4X+#




M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8F4P-F4T
&)?938S.%\T9C-D7SAF
M8C9?83DQ968X

O4VAE970R-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M:6=N:69I8V%N=!!8V-O=6YT:6YG(%!O;&EC:65S(T@26YT86YG:6)L92!!

@*$1E=&%I;'

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



]










]
T1R974^




]
T1N=6UP/C


]


3(L
M

M/3-$=&]P/E1O=&%L(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S+!N970\+W1D/@T*(`@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3


;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B93`V930P8E]E-C
X7S1F
V1?.&9B-E]A.3%E9C@P8F
T



]


T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#








]

M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8F4P-F4T
&)?938S.%\T9C-D7SAF8C9?83DQ968X
&)C

O4VAE970R.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


96%S92!087EM



]

]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$P
BPW

M=&]P/C(P



M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8F4P-F4T
&)?938S.%\T9C-D7SAF8C9?83DQ968X
M

O4VAE970S

M;G1E;G0]






]


]

M86QI9VX]



]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^06YT:61I;'5T:79E('-E8W5R:71I97
@97AC;'5D960@





M;VX@;V8@16%R;FEN9W
@4&5R(%-H87)E(%M






]
M


]


M16%R;FEN9W
@4&5R(%-H87)E(%M






]
T1N
M=6UP/C$S+#@V


#9E-#!B7V4V
SA?-&8S9%\X9F(V7V$Y
65F.#!B8S0U



]
T1R97!O




S$L(#(P
M
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
M
C`Q

]

M=')A=&EO;B!2:7-K(%M

]
T1N=6UP/C4W+C`P


M9VX]
T1T;W`^0W5S=&]M97(@0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;B!2:7-K('P@06-C;W5N
M='


]



T1T;W`^0V]N8V5N


RXP

]






]



T1T;W`^5F5N9&]R


]



]





M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8F4P-F4T
&)?938S.%\T9C-D7SAF8C9?
M83DQ968X

O4VAE970S
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




]


]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#


@86YD($%L;&]W86YC97
\

]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-S`L




]

M1&YU;7`^.#$L-C




#`P+B!4:&4@;W)I9VEN86P@;F]T92!W87
@9'5E('1O(&)E




Q+`R,#$S
M+!T:&4@;F]T92!W87



]





]

]
M

]












]

]
M





]














T1T;W`^2&5A9'%U87)T97)S($QE87-E






]


BPX-C


BPX-C


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y*86X@


]

]



96%S97
\+W-T

]


]


]



W


]

]
T1T97AT


T1T






]
T1R


]







#9E-#!B7V4V
SA?
M-&8S9%\X9F(V7V$Y





]

T1)1#!%1D)!0SX-B`@(`@




T1T




]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
38Q+#DU

]
M

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B93`V930P8E]E-C
X7S1F
V1?
M.&9B-E]A.3%E9C@P8F


T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS



M97

]

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]













]

]
T1N=6UP/C$X-2PQ










T1T;W`^5&]T86P@=&%X('!R;W9I

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B93`V930P8E]E
M-C
X7S1F
V1?.&9B-E]A.3%E9C@P8F

U



M:78]

]
M


M;F-O;64@5&%X97
@+2!);F-O;64@5&%X(%)A=&4@4F5C;VYC:6QI871I;VX@
M*$1E=&%I;'


]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3


]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

]
M
T1N=6UP/C





]
T1N=6T^*#(N
CDE


M9VX]

]

M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R-RXY












]


S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]


]
T1T

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M='5R;G

]
T1N=6UP/C(V

]




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3W1H97(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]
T1N=6UP/C



]
T1N=6UP/C`\




T1T;W`^3F5T($]P97)A=&EN9R!

#@X/'-P

M+#$T

]


CDL




]

#DW/'-P86X^


M

]



]


]
T1N=6UP/C`\




]


M86QI9VX]







M971A8FQE('-E8W5R:71I97










]


M
T1T;W`^1V]O9'=I;&P@86YD(&]T:&5R(&EN=&%N9VEB;&5S/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#0Q


]
T1R;SX-


]


]
T1R974^#0H@(`@(`@

]
T1N=6T^





#$L
#(R/'-P86X^


M-C
X7S1F
V1?.&9B-E]A.3%E9C@P8F

M;G0]

T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]


M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
S0\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`S

#






]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PQ

M


M=%]B93`V930P8E]E-C
X7S1F
V1?.&9B-E]A.3%E9C@P8F



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



CXQ
B!-;VYT
M:'

2P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M


]


]
M
T1N=6UP/C

]
T1P

BPP
S$L
S`S/'-P









]

]
M



]

]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^5F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


M+R\O0SHO8F4P-F4T
&)?938S.%\T9C-D7SAF8C9?83DQ968X
&)C-#5B+U=O

O4VAE970S.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7



]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P
3






L(%)E


]

M86QI9VX]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^17AP96-T960@9&EV:61E;F1S/]T9#X-


T1T;W`^17AP96-T960@=F]L








]
T1P

]







]

]










]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M




]
T1N=6UP/C`N




]


]

]
M


BXQ








]
T1T97AT






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B]B93`V930P8E]E-C
X7S1F
V1?.&9B-E]A.3%E9C@P8F
T-6(O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]




]

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#







M





]


T1T

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-BPP






T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@;W!T


]



]








M+C8X

]

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M



T1T;W`^5V5I







]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]







T1T;W`^5V5I

M=&%N9&EN9RP@9F]R9F5I=&5D+V-A;F-E;&QE9#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

]



]







]
T1T97AT

@
R!M;VYT:'



#9E-#!B7V4V
SA?-&8S9%\X9F(V7V$Y
65F.#!B



]
T1R

T1)1#!%


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
T1P











@9W)A



T1T;W`^



]
T1N=6UP/C4W-2PP













]





M;G1S+!W96EG:'1E9!A=F5R86=E(&5X97)C:7-E('!R:6-E(&5X97)C:7-A


]


]

M86QI9VX]





]

@



]

]



]



]


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B93`V930P8E]E-C
X7S1F
V1?.&9B
M-E]A.3%E9C@P8F

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J



G


]


]

]
M

]
T1T


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^

]
T1T:#Y*86XN(#

]
T1T:#Y&96(N(#$P

M
#(L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P
M+B`Q-RP@
C`Q

]

]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@;W!T

]
T1N
M=6UP/C4P+#`P


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#$V+#`P























]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
M


M9VX]

@9W)A;G1E9#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


]


]


]


]













]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]


]
T1N=6UP/C$T














]

]

M960@=&AE(#$L

M:&%S92!S:&%R97


#D@86YD(&)E9F]R


S$L(#(P
30N/'-P










M86ER('9A;'5E(&]F(&]P=&EO;G
@9W)A;G1E9#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT





]


]


]


]


]

M86QI9VX]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



C4P+#`P


]


]


]


]

]
M


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1T97AT/DIU;`Q-BP-@D)
M

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]

]


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T


L($EN8RX\+W1D/@T*

]


]


]


]


]



]


]


]


]


]


]



@9W)A;G1E9#PO=&0^#0H@


]


]


]


]




]
T1T


]


]


]


]

M86QI9VX]

@9W)A;G1E

]
T1T





@=V5R92!S=6)J96-T('1O(&-O;F1I=&EO;F%L



2P@
C`Q

M;`Q+`R


M8W1O8F5R(#$L(#(P
3













@;V8@4W1O8VL@

]

]


]
T1N=6UP/C0R









]

M-2P@
C`Q

M87-E(#




M;F=E;65N='































]




M:&ES(')E9'5C=&EO;B!W87



]


]


]



T1T;W`^1&ES8V]U;G0@











]

2XP-3
@=&\@
M+CDU

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M


]
T1R





]
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/C


]


]


]






























]

]


]
T1R:#X-


]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]

]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP
M/C8L

M1&YU;7`^
3`L















M;V-K(&]P=&EO;G


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BXR



@




M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y&96(@

C

M/3-$=&5X=#Y397`@

]





]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5S=')I8W1E9!3












M


























]


]


]


]


&)?938S.%\T9C-D
M7SAF8C9?83DQ968X
&)C-#5B#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+V)E
#9E-#!B7V4V
SA?-&8S9%\X9F(V7V$Y
65F.#!B8S0U8B]7;W)K


M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$4S4D%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]






]
T1P



]

]
T1N=6UP/C0U
M



]




]
T1T97AT

]

]
T1T97AT

]


]

]
T1P

3DP+#`P


T1T;W`^4V5R:65S($0@)#(P









]

3






]


]


M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8F4P-F4T
&)?938S.%\T9C-D
M7SAF8C9?83DQ968X








T0Q


#$T/&)R/CPO





@


@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K('1O(&)E(')E






M=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@96YT97)S(&EN=&\@86YY(&-O;G-O;&ED871I;VXL(&UE

M:&%R92!O9B!397)I97



@;V8@=&AE(%-E

M:79I9&5N9'

















N(%1H92!H;VQD97)S(&]F('1H92!397)I97


@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&%S

@86YY(&%C8W)U960@

M92!H;VQD97)S(&]F('1H92!397)I97


M96EV92!A;GD@9&ES=')I8G5T:6]N+B!);B!T:&4@979E;G0@=&AE($-O;7!A


M97)I97
&-H86YG960@;W(@8VAA;F=E9!I;G1O('1H92!A9V=R96=A
M=&4@86UO=6YT(&]F('-T;V-K(&%S('=O=6QD(&AA=F4@8F5E;B!R96-E:79E

@:6UM961I






]





]



]


]






:6YE(&]F($-R961I




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@




RPP
#`L
#`P('1H97)E869T97(L
M(&%S('=E;&P@87


M(&-H86YG97






3D\

M(#$L


&)?938S.%\T9C-D7SAF8C9?83DQ968X
&)C-#5B#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V)E
#9E-#!B7V4V
SA?-&8S
M9%\X9F(V7V$Y



M:G


M9#TS1$E$
$5





M1#(^

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
SQB

]










M

]
T1N=6T^*#
V+#$P
M





T1T;W`^

]
T1N=6UP/C




M:7(@5F%L=64@26YP=71S(T@3&5V96P@,CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C









]
M




]




]


#QS

]










M

M;7`^-S`Q+#@U


]




]

3@L





M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8F4P-F4T
&)?938S.%\T9C-D7SAF8C9?
M83DQ968X

O4VAE970T-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]

]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@


@6T%B





#9E-#!B7V4V
SA?-&8S9%\X
M9F(V7V$Y






]



M(&-O;'-P86X]





]






'0^/'-P86X^






]
T1R93X-B`@(`@




T0B4VAE970P-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#`V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P
M-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#@N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970Q,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M
3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$R+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,30N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#$U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-BYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T
C
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(T+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#(W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R.YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,CDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970S
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S(N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T
S4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
V+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#,Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T
YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970T
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#0N


X7S1F
V1?.&9B-E]A.3%E9C@P8F
T-6(M+0T*
`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
        
        


        
22
500
22
500


        
450
000
450
000


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
9
500
        


        
190
000
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
13
000
        


        
$ 260
000
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          







        
        


        
$ 169
993


        
174
350


        
102
748


        
100
199


Operating leases
 future minimum payments
$ 547
290




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          







        
        


        
$ 12
785


        
$ 1
121




        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        

 at the option of the Company
 be converted into the equivalent of one-fifth (1/5th) of a share of common stock at any time after (i) the closing bid price of the common stock is at least $2.00 for at least 20 trading days during any 30 consecutive trading day period
 and (ii) the shares of common stock to be received on conversion have been registered or otherwise qualified for sale under applicable securities laws. The holders of the Series A Preferred have the right to convert each share into the equivalent of one-fifth (1/5th) of a share of common stock at any time. Upon any liquidation
 dissolution
 or winding up of the Company
 the holders of the Series A Preferred are entitled to receive $20 per share before the holders of common stock are entitled to receive any distribution. In the event the Company enters into any consolidation
 merger or other transaction in which the shares of Common Stock are exchanged for or changed into other stock or other securities
 each share of Series A Preferred will at the same time be similarly exchanged or changed into such consideration as is equal to four times the amount of consideration to be received for each share of common stock. Holders of the Series D Preferred are entitled to receive
 out of funds of the company legally available
 dividends at the annual rate of $1.80 per annum per share. The Company may redeem the Series D Preferred upon not less than 30 days' notice
 in whole or in part
 for an amount of $20 per share plus all accrued but unpaid dividends applicable to such share. After notice and prior to the expiration of the 30-day notice period
 holders of the Series D Preferred will have the option to convert the Series D Preferred into common stock prior to the redemption. Each share of the Series D Preferred may
 at the option of the Company
 be converted into the number of shares of common stock as determined by dividing $20 plus any accrued and unpaid dividends on such share by $80 at any time after (i) the closing bid price of the common stock exceeds $200.00 for 20 consecutive trading days
 and (ii) the Company has sustained positive earnings per share of common stock for the two previous fiscal quarters. The holders of the Series D Preferred have the right to convert each share at any time into the number of shares of common stock as determined by dividing $20 plus any accrued and unpaid dividends on such share by $80. The holders of the Series D Preferred are entitled to receive $20 per share plus any accrued and unpaid dividends on such share before the holders of common stock are entitled to receive any distribution. In the event the Company enters into any consolidation
 merger or other transaction in which the shares of Common Stock are exchanged for or changed into other stock or other securities
 each share of Series D Preferred will at the same time be similarly exchanged or changed into the aggregate amount of stock as would have been received had the holder converted such shares immediately prior to the transaction.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 exercise (or conversion) price or rates
 dates relevant to conversion timing and events relevant to conversion. Describe also any beneficial conversion features. where convertible preferred stock with a nondetachable conversion feature is in-the-money at commitment date. For contingently convertible preferred stock
 discuss the circumstances of the contingency
 including the events or changes in circumstance that would cause the contingency to be met and any of the significant features necessary to understand the conversion rights and the timing of those rights. Include also an events or changes in circumstance
 if any
 that could adjust or change the contingency
 conversion price
 or number of shares
 including significant terms of those changes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


        
593
081
669
963


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
420
549
928
881


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
13
689
208
13
862
892




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


Concentration risk
 percentage
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Concentration risk
 percentage
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Concentration risk
 percentage
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Concentration risk
 percentage
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Note 2 - Endorsement / Spokesperson / Consulting
Agreements

The Company is obligated under
various endorsement
 spokesperson and consulting agreements with varying original terms ranging from six months to one year. These
endorsers
 spokespersons and consultants are generally paid a monthly fee for their services
 including promotion and marketing
activities per the agreements. All of these agreements may be terminated by either party upon breach or default in the terms of
the agreements. The Company expensed $102
650 and $161
950 under these agreements in 2014 and 2013
 respectively.

Future payments of the above mentioned contracts will
run through 2015
 for a total expense of $18
000.





        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
$ 85
000
$ 70
000


        
        
        


        
81
634
        


Note receivable
 additional disclosure

 the Company received from the purchaser of this product line an unsecured note in the amount of $170
000. The original note was due to be repaid on or before March 2014
 where interest accrued principally at an annual rate of 5%
 based upon the initial $170
000 principal and was payable monthly. As of March 31
 2013
 the note was novated and a new promissory note was issued to reflect a modification in the payment terms
 which includes no interest.
        


Note receivable
 maturity date

  2017
        


        
        
        


        
65
774
83
450


        
        
        


        
12
800
11
698


        
        
        


Revenue recognition
 returns
 allowances and discounts
2
656
122
2
114
060


        
        
        


Leases
 future payments
547
290
        


        
        
        


Marketing
 deferred advertising costs
        
7
651


Marketing
 expense
1
500
362
2
232
548


        
        
        


        
99
676
162
297


        
        
        


        
        
        


Leases
 rent expense
82
863
82
863


Leases
 expiration date

  2017
        


Leases
 future payments
172
632
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Leases
 rent expense
        
        


Leases
 expiration date

  2018
        


Leases
 future payments
$ 374
658
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 notes receivables
 loans receivables
 etc.
              
 -Subparagraph a
 c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pricing
 promotion
 and distribution of ideas
 goods
 and services. Costs of public relations and corporate promotions are typically considered to be marketing costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 payable on demand
 secured
 or unsecured
 interest bearing or noninterest bearing
 among a myriad of other features and characteristics. Excludes amounts related to receivables held-for-sale.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including minimum and any contingent rent expense
 net of related sublease income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 early payments of accounts due
 (ii) the total deduction from sales during the period arising from goods returned by customers (other than under warranty provisions)
 and (iii) price reductions (allowance
 price protection agreements) given by the entity. Discounts
 returns and allowances are a deduction from gross revenue in arriving at net revenue.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 price protection agreements) given by the entity. Returns and allowances are a deduction from gross revenue in arriving at net revenue.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding [Roll Forward]
        
        


Stock options outstanding
 beginning of period
730
689
828
174


        
16
000
50
000


        
        
(137
577)


        
(16
000)
(9
908)


Stock options outstanding
 end of period
730
689
730
689


Stock options exercisable
 end of period
637
159
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price [Abstract]
        
        


Weighted average exercise price outstanding
 beginning of period
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Weighted average exercise price outstanding
 end of period
        
        


Weighted average exercise price exercisable
 end of period
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Additional Disclosures [Abstract]
        
        


Weighted average remaining contractual life outstanding
 granted
        
        


Weighted average remaining contractual life outstanding
 forfeited/cancelled
        
        


Weighted average remaining contractual life outstanding
 end of period
        
        


Weighted average remaining contractual life exercisable
 end of period
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 outstanding
 granted
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including both vested and non-vested options.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
$ 738
725
$ 822
876


        
        
        


        
925
506
2
398
178


        
        
102
452


        
28
939
11
013


        
2
483
602
1
985
764


        
34
979
108
228


Deferred tax asset
 net
        
53
081


        
217
668
222
466


        
4
429
419
5
704
058


        
        
        


        
11
485
11
485


        
128
902
112
362


        
57
408
52
908


        
332
171
312
403


        
43
942
43
942


        
(425
238)
(359
464)


        
148
670
173
636


        
52
695
81
714


        
        
        


Deferred tax asset
 net
57
314
147
941


        
45
207
61
167


        
102
521
209
108


        
4
733
305
6
168
516


        
        
        


        
819
918
1
248
490


        
253
208
187
608


        
191
127
292
215


Deferred tax liability
 net
57
314
        


        
1
620
519
1
220
655


        
15
708
20
464


        
2
957
794
2
969
432


        
        
        


        
152
849
471
015


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
129
093
128
797


        
4
796
241
4
731
535


        
(3
302
897)
(2
132
488)


        
1
622
662
2
728
069


        
$ 4
733
305
$ 6
168
516




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and which are expected to be recognized as such within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 including sales
 license fees
 and royalties
 but excluding interest income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards net of valuation allowances expected to be realized or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 expected to be settled after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 desks
 chairs
 tables
 and bookcases.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 state and local tax authorities) representing refunds of overpayments or recoveries based on agreed-upon resolutions of disputes. Also called income tax refund receivable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whichever is longer. Such amount may include accrued interest receivable in accordance with the terms of the debt. The debt also may contain provisions including a discount or premium
 payable on demand
 secured
 or unsecured
 interest bearing or noninterest bearing
 among a myriad of other features and characteristics. This amount does not include amounts related to receivables held-for-sale.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3(a)
 -Subparagraph (c)
(e)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
 -Paragraph 19
 20
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 credit card receivables
 notes receivable and receivables relating to lessor's rights to payments from leases other than operating leases that have been recorded as assets. Excludes trade accounts receivable with contractual maturity of one year or less and arose from the sale of goods or services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whichever is longer) including trading securities
 available-for-sale securities
 held-to-maturity securities
 and other short-term investments not otherwise listed in the existing taxonomy.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
$ 2
000
000
        
$ 1
500
000


Line of Credit
 maturity date

  2015
        
        


Line of Credit
 interest rate description
        
        
        


Line of Credit
 covenant terms

 including a minimum current ratio of 1.5 to 1
 a maximum leverage ratio of 2 to 1
 and minimum tangible equity capital of $2
750
000 through November 30
 2014
 and $3
000
000 thereafter
 as well as providing limitations on dividends
 additional indebtedness
 and certain other changes.
        
        


Line of Credit
 balance outstanding
$ 1
620
519
$ 1
220
655
        




        
          

        
          
            

 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the terms and the method for determining the interest rate (for example
 fixed or variable
 LIBOR plus a percentage
 increasing rate
 timing of interest rate resets
 remarketing provisions).
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
$ (1
170
409)
$ (958
642)


        
        
        


        
78
574
95
148


        
55
790
336
300


        
(14
594)
(105
809)


        
(318
166)
(143
082)


        
258
026
(17
501)


        
        
        


        
1
472
672
(1
157
442)


        
11
093
(1
163)


        
(497
838)
(693
659)


        
14
010
(66
035)


        
3
163
(13
836)


        
(428
572)
730
340


        
65
600
(54
693)


        
(101
088)
292
215


        
45
448
        


        
(526
291)
(1
757
859)


        
        
        


        
(40
811)
(135
822)


        
87
843
26
919


        
        
965
886


        
47
032
856
983


        
        
        


        
        
25
101


        
(4
756)
(4
637)


        
411
000
97
500


        
(11
136)
(50
000)


        
        
        


        
395
108
68
299


        
(84
151)
(832
577)


Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year
822
876
1
655
453


Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year
738
725
822
876


        
        
        


        
58
783
49
761


        
10
760
6
863


        
        
        


        
        
87
755


        
        
33
355


        
        
2
161


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 amortization
 and accretion recognized during an accounting period. As a noncash item
 the net amount is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 materials
 supplies and services used in the production and sale of goods and services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding the portion taken into income
 in the liability reflecting revenue yet to be earned for which cash or other forms of consideration was received or recorded as a receivable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 contract
 escrow
 or earnest money deposits
 retainage (if applicable)
 deposits with clearing organizations and others
 collateral
 or margin deposits.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which represents the amount due from tax authorities for refunds of overpayments or recoveries of income taxes paid.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 prepayment and call (request of early payment) of other investments not otherwise defined in the taxonomy.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include one or more investments
 are sold to third-party buyers. This element can be used by entities to aggregate proceeds from all asset sales that are classified as investing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of federal tax expense (benefit).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Par
    Value
    
    
        
    
    
        

    
    
    
    
9
500
    
    
190
000

    
    
    
    
13
000
    
    
260
000

    
    
    
    
22
500
    
    
450
000






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
$ 42
109
$ 32
709


        
32
132
26
506


        
72
646
111
069


        
32
147
9
865


        
(167
394)
        


        
11
640
180
149


        
772
088
410
140


        
29
211
        


        
58
097
179
030


        
21
505
21
589


        
22
366
        


        
(844
543)
(410
140)


        
58
724
200
619


        
70
364
380
768


        
        
        


        
(13
295)
(41
137)


        
(55
659)
(85
931)


        
(68
954)
(127
068)


        
        
(43
853)


        
(1
410)
(8
825)


        
(1
410)
(52
678)


        
(70
364)
(179
746)


        
        
$ 201
022




        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 an entity records deferred revenue when it receives consideration from a customer before achieving certain criteria that must be met for revenue to be recognized in conformity with GAAP.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 and equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which result from applying the applicable tax rate to taxable temporary differences pertaining to each jurisdiction to which the entity is obligated to pay income tax.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 and equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          















        
        
        
        


Cash and cash equivalents
 carrying value
$ 738
725
$ 822
876
$ 1
655
453


Receivables
 carrying value
925
506
2
398
178
        


Accounts Payable
 carrying value
819
918
1
248
490
        


Derivative Liability
 carrying value
152
849
471
015
        


Cash and cash equivalents
 fair value
738
725
822
876
        


Receivables
 fair value
925
506
2
398
178
        


Accounts Payable
 fair value
819
918
1
248
490
        


Derivative Liability
 fair value
$ 152
849
$ 471
015
        




        
          

        
          
            

 net of allowance for doubtful accounts
 of account and note receivables due from other than related parties.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including trade receivables
 that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 and amounts due from others
 including related parties.
              
 -Subparagraph a
 b
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 expected to be settled within one year or normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 expected to be settled after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



iSatori
Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;)
was incorporated under the laws of the state of Delaware on June 29
 2012. The trading symbol of the Company on OTCBB is &#147;IFIT&#148;.

The Company is engaged in researching
designing
 developing
 contracting for the manufacture
 marketing
 selling and distributing of various branded nutritional and
dietary supplement products for the general nutrition market. The &#147;general nutrition market&#148; may include such activities
as body-building
 physique enhancement (increase of lean body mass and decrease in fat mass) and enhanced athletic performance
through increased strength and/or endurance and proper nutrition.

The Company does engage from
time to time in funding of clinical studies with the objective of discovering and/or validating claims of new
 efficacious products
for the Company&#146;s relevant market as well as providing necessary and appropriate substantiation for any claims which the
Company may use in its marketing and advertising. The Company markets products which are under its control and which are in some
way proprietary to the Company. Some of the Company&#146;s products are the subject of trademarks owned by the Company.



The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared on an accrual basis of accounting in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United
States (&#147;GAAP&#148;). The accompanying financial statements present the financial position and results of operations of
the Company.



The Company considers all highly
liquid debt instruments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Accordingly
 cash
and cash equivalents consist of petty cash
 checking accounts and money market funds.



Accounting Standards Codification
(&#147;ASC&#148;) 820-10 establishes a framework for measuring the fair value of assets and liabilities and requires additional
disclosure about fair value measurements. ASC 820-10 defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or
paid to transfer a liability in the principal (or most advantageous market) for the asset or liability in than orderly transaction
between market participants at the measure date.

The Company has a number of financial
instruments
 including cash
 receivables
 inventory
 payables and debt obligations. The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents
receivables
 accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 the line of credit and notes payable approximates their fair values because of
the short maturity of these instruments. As further described in Note 7 the Company has issued warrants which are measured at
fair value on a recurring basis and result in a long-term derivative liability on the balance sheet. The actual and estimated
fair values
 respectively
 of the Company&#146;s financial instruments are as follows



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
December
    31
 2014
    
December
    31
 2013

    
    
        
    
Fair
    Value
    
    
        
    
Fair
    Value

    
    
738
725
    
    
738
725
    
    
822
876
    
    
822
876

    
    
925
506
    
    
925
506
    
    
2
398
178
    
    
2
398
178

    
    
819
918
    
    
819
918
    
    
1
248
490
    
    
1
248
490

    
    
152
849
    
    
152
849
    
    
471
015
    
    
471
015




Trade receivables are uncollateralized
customer obligations due under normal trade terms requiring payment generally within 10-60 days from the invoice date. Accounts
are considered delinquent when outstanding for more than seven days past due date. The Company does not have a policy of accruing
interest on past due accounts. Payments on trade receivables are applied as instructed per the customer
 or to the earliest unpaid
invoices. The allowance for doubtful accounts represents an estimate of amounts considered uncollectible and is determined based
on management&#146;s historical collection experience
 adverse situations that may affect the customer&#146;s ability to repay
and prevailing economic conditions. Specific accounts deemed uncollectible are written off periodically with subsequent receipts
on previously written off accounts credited to bad debt expense. The allowance for doubtful accounts is $0 for each of the periods
ended December 31
 2014 and December 31
 2013. Receivables at each of the below respective periods consisted of the following:



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
December
                                         31

        
    
December
                                         31

        

    
    
951
396
    
    
2
323
522

    
    
(25
890)
    
    
74
656

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
925
506
    
    
2
398
178


In addition
 the Company has
recorded an allowance for customer returns in the amount of approximately $85
000 at December 31
 2014 and $70
000 at December
31
 2013 in accrued expenses.



Inventories of nutritional and
dietary supplements are stated at lower of cost or market on a first-in
 first-out (FIFO) basis as noted below:



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
December
                                         31

        
    
December
                                         31

        

    
    
170
435
    
    
120
057

    
    
308
333
    
    
207
320

    
    
2
004
834
    
    
1
658
387

    
    
2
483
602
    
    
1
985
764




The Predecessor Company disposed
of a dormant product line of vitamins in December 2010. As part of the consideration in this divestiture
 the Company received
from the purchaser of this product line an unsecured note in the amount of $ 170
000. The original note was due to be repaid on
or before March 2014
 where interest accrued principally at an annual rate of 5%
 based upon the initial $170
000 principal and
was payable monthly. As of March 31
 2013
 the note was novated and a new promissory note was issued to reflect a modification
in the payment terms
 which includes no interest. The total note receivable balance at December 31
 2014 was $81
634
 and is due
to be repaid in monthly increments through May 1
 2017.



Property and equipment are stated
at cost. Depreciation for financial accounting purposes is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated lives of
the respective assets
 ranging from three to ten years. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense when incurred. When property
and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the related cost and accumulated depreciation are thereafter removed from
the respective accounts and any gain or loss is credited or charged to income. Total depreciation expense was $65
774 and $83
450
for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.



Other assets include intangible
assets which are principally direct television advertising
 websites
 as well as deposits and are included in Deposits and other
Assets. The Company periodically performs reviews of other assets including amortizable intangible and depreciable tangible assets
for impairment purposes using undiscounted cash flow methodology. Factors considered important that may trigger an impairment
of assets review include
 but are not necessarily limited to: significant changes in the manner of the use of its assets involving
its strategy for its overall business; significant negative industry or economic trends; or underperforming business trends. These
reviews may include an analysis of the Company&#146;s current operations and capacity utilization in conjunction with an analysis
of the markets in which the Company&#146;s business is operating.

Intangible assets are discussed
below. Amortization for financial accounting purposes is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives
of the respective assets which range from three to ten years. Amortization for 2014 and 2013 totaled $12
800 and $11
698
 respectively.



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Balance
                                         at
December
        31
 2014
    
Balance
                                         at
December
        31
 2013

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
38
355
    
    
38
355

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
38
796
    
    
38
796

    
    
(24
890)
    
    
(12
090)

    
    
13
906
    
    
26
706




    
    
    

Future Amortization for the years
    ending December 31:
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
12
785

    
    
1
121




The Company operates predominantly
as a distributor of its dietary supplement products through traditional large retailers and electronic intermediaries. Revenue
from product sales is recognized upon transfer of title of the Company&#146;s product to its customers. Net sales represent product
sales less actual returns
 allowances
 discounts
 and product promotions. Sales to direct customers have an unconditional money
back guarantee for thirty to ninety days after the date of purchase. Sales to a select number of retail customers carry a &#147;Sale
or Return&#148; Purchase agreement per the sales contract
 where if minimum sales thresholds are not met within a required timeframe
the inventory will be returned to the Company for full credit. Other retail customers receive a percentage discount from invoice
to cover any customer returns or damages they may incur. Returns
 trade allowances
 discounts and product promotions
 were $2
656
122
and $2
114
060 for the years ending December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.

In addition
 the Company provides
allowances for sales returns based upon estimated and known returns. Product returns are recorded as a reduction of net revenues
and as a reduction of the accounts receivable balance.

The Company receives other revenues
which includes but is not limited to shipping and handling charges which is charged to customers.



The Company purchases its products
directly from third party manufacturers. The Company&#146;s cost of sales include product costs
 including any associated materials
used in production
 cost of warehousing and distribution. Included in the cost of sales are transit freight shipping and handling
costs that are incurred by the Company.



The Company utilizes the asset
and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this asset and liability method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities
are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying
amounts of existing assets and liabilities
 and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using
enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. See Note
6
 &#147;Income Taxes&#148;.

Since 2012 was the Company&#146;s
initial tax year
 there are no prior federal or state tax returns subject to examination. Accordingly
 the only taxable periods
subject to examination by federal and state taxing authorities are the periods ended December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012. Federal
and state tax returns for the Company prior to the short form merger are open for the period ended December 31
 2011.



The Company leases its headquarters
facility the &#147;headquarters lease&#148;
 comprising approximately 10
044 square feet
 in Golden (metropolitan Denver)
 Colorado.
The total rent expense under the headquarters lease for each of the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 was $82
863. The lease
term expires January 31
 2017 and requires equal monthly payments over the remaining term. Future payments under the headquarters
lease are $172
632.

On November 1
 2014
 the Company
entered into a lease for approximately 17
026 square feet in Denver for its warehouse operations (the &#147;warehouse lease&#148;.
The total rent expense under the warehouse lease for the year ended December 31
 2014 was $0. The lease term expires on December
31
 2018 and calls for inflation-adjusted increasing payments over the remaining term. Future payments under the warehouse lease
are $374
658.

The Company also leases miscellaneous
office and warehouse equipment. In most cases
 management expects that in the normal course of business these leases will be renewed
or replaced by other leases as applicable.





    
    
    
    

    
    
    
169
993

    
    
    
174
350

    
    
    
102
748

    
    
    
100
199

    
    
    
547
290




The Company expenses all production
costs related to advertising costs as they are incurred
 including print
 digital and television when the advertisement has been
broadcast or otherwise finished and or distributed. The Company records website costs related to its direct-to-consumer advertisements
in accordance with ASC 340-20 &#147;Capitalized Advertising Costs&#148;. In accordance with ASC 340-20
 direct response advertising
costs incurred should be reported as assets and should be amortized over the estimated period of the benefits
 based on the proportion
of current period revenue from the advertisements to probable future revenue. As of December 31
 2014 and December 31
 2013
 the
Company had deferred $0 and $7
651 respectively
 related to such advertising costs. This amount was included in Deposits and other
assets and was amortized over a one year period. Total Marketing expenses for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 totaled
$1
500
362 and $2
232
548
 respectively.



Research and development costs
which include the funding of clinical research studies
 as well as creation and development of new products
 are expensed when
incurred. Research and development costs of $99
676 and $162
297 for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
are included in selling and marketing expense.

Distribution
 Shipping and Handling Costs

Shipping costs on purchases and
shipping and handling fees related to sales charged to customers are both included in cost of sales. As mentioned in Revenue Recognition
shipping and handling revenue billed customers are reflected in other revenues.



Financial instruments that potentially
subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist principally of temporary cash investments and trade accounts receivables.
Concentrations of credit with respect to trade receivables are limited due to the large number of customers comprising the Company&#146;s
customer bases and their dispersion across different geographic locations.

The Company maintains cash balances
at one financial institution located in Colorado and one in California. Accounts at these institutions are insured by the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to $250
000 per account. At times during the year
 the Company&#146;s bank balances have
exceeded the FDIC limit. Management believes the risk of loss at such institutions to be minimal.

During the year ended December
31
 2014
 sales to three customers made up 57% of total product revenue
 with each customer representing greater than 10% of product
revenue on an individual basis. These customers&#146; combined accounts receivable balances were 51% of total accounts receivable
as of December 31
 2014. During the year ended December 31
 2013
 sales to three customers made up 58% of total product revenue
with each customer representing greater than 10% of product revenue on an individual basis. These customers&#146; combined accounts
receivable balances were 73% of total accounts receivable as of December 31
 2013.

During the year ended December
31
 2014
 purchases from three vendors made up 63% of total inventory purchases. These vendors&#146; combined accounts payable
balances were 44% of total accounts payable as of December 31
 2014. During the year ended December 31
 2013
 purchases from two
vendors made up 57% of total inventory purchases. These vendors&#146; combined accounts payable balances were 17% of total accounts
payable as of December 31
 2013.



The preparation of the financial
statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Significant estimates include but are not limited to the fair value determination of derivative instruments
 NOL allowance
 sales
returns allowance
 allowance for notes receivable and the realizable value of inventories.



Net earnings (loss) per share
is computed by dividing net income (loss) less preferred dividends for the period by the weighted average number of common stock
outstanding during each period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) less preferred dividends
for the period by the weighted average number of common stock
 common stock equivalents and potentially dilutive securities outstanding
during each period.

Since the Company reflected a
net loss for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 the effect of considering any common stock equivalents
 if exercisable
would have been anti-dilutive. A separate computation of diluted earnings (loss) per share is not presented.

The Company has the following
common stock equivalents as of December 31
 2014 and December 31
 2013:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
593
081
    
669
963

    
    
420
549
    
928
881

    
    
13
689
208
    
13
862
892




In August 2014
 the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-15
 Presentation of Financial Statements
- Going Concern. The objective of ASU 2014-15 is to provide guidance on management&#146;s responsibility to evaluate whether
there is substantial doubt about a company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures.
ASU 2014-15 is effective for fiscal years ending after December 15
 2016
 and annual and interim periods thereafter. The Company
is currently evaluating impact of the adoption of this standard and do not expect it to have a significant impact on its financial
statements.

In May 2014
 the FASB issued
ASU 2014-09
 which establishes a comprehensive new revenue recognition standard designed to depict the transfer of goods or services
to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services.
In doing so
 companies may need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under current revenue recognition guidance.
The ASU allows for the use of either the full or modified retrospective transition method
 and the standard will be effective
for us in the first quarter of 2017 unless a deferral for adoption is provided by the FASB; early adoption is not permitted. The
Company is currently evaluating which transition approach to use and the impact of the adoption of this standard on its financial
statements.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


Convertible preferred stock
 par value per share in dollars
        
        


Convertible preferred stock
 shares authorized
750
000
750
000


Convertible preferred stock
 shares issued
22
500
22
500


Convertible preferred stock
 shares outstanding
22
500
22
500


Convertible preferred stock
 liquidation value
$ 450
000
$ 450
000


Common stock
 par value in dollars
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized
56
250
000
56
250
000


Common stock
 shares issued
12
909
278
12
879
651


Common stock
 shares outstanding
12
909
278
12
879
651




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

During
February 2015
 the warrant issued to Breakwater Structured Growth Opportunity Fund
 L.P for 420
549 shares
 set up as the Derivative
Liability on the Company&#146;s balance sheet
 was exercised and shares issued to the company.

On
March 17
 2015
 iSatori reached a preliminary agreement with their primary banking institution
 Colorado Business Bank (&#34;CoBiz&#34;)
in which the loan agreement and covenants will be modified and the Company will no longer be in forbearance. iSatori and CoBiz
have agreed on the principal terms of the arrangement and are currently awaiting documentation from their respective legal teams.
The Company has
 and will continue to
 enter into discussions with certain material vendors
 offering early pay discounts to improve
the timing of accounts receivable collection. In addition
 the Company has
 and will continue to
 enter into discussions with
certain material suppliers concerning extended credit terms to improve the flexibility of the Company's cash management program.
These actions
 combined with the pending agreement with CoBiz
 will help ensure the Company's liquidity and compliance with its
loan covenants.

New Investor Relations Program.

 the Company retained Self &#38; Associates to expand and implement a more robust corporate communications
and investor relations program for IFIT. Management is planning to begin a series of financial meetings in various key markets.
In March
 management will kick off meetings with members of the financial community in Southern California. These meetings will
include several in Southern California from March 25 - 26 with meetings in LA and Santa Monica on March 25 and Newport Beach on
March 26. Following Southern California
 IFIT management will plan to visit the New York - New Jersey areas.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        

 Inc.
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

  2014
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
$ 3
359
740


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        
13
373
791
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

iSatori
Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;)
was incorporated under the laws of the state of Delaware on June 29
 2012. The trading symbol of the Company on OTCBB is &#147;IFIT&#148;.

The Company is engaged in researching
designing
 developing
 contracting for the manufacture
 marketing
 selling and distributing of various branded nutritional and
dietary supplement products for the general nutrition market. The &#147;general nutrition market&#148; may include such activities
as body-building
 physique enhancement (increase of lean body mass and decrease in fat mass) and enhanced athletic performance
through increased strength and/or endurance and proper nutrition.

The Company does engage from
time to time in funding of clinical studies with the objective of discovering and/or validating claims of new
 efficacious products
for the Company&#146;s relevant market as well as providing necessary and appropriate substantiation for any claims which the
Company may use in its marketing and advertising. The Company markets products which are under its control and which are in some
way proprietary to the Company. Some of the Company&#146;s products are the subject of trademarks owned by the Company.





        
        

The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared on an accrual basis of accounting in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United
States (&#147;GAAP&#148;). The accompanying financial statements present the financial position and results of operations of
the Company.


        
        

The Company considers all highly
liquid debt instruments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Accordingly
 cash
and cash equivalents consist of petty cash
 checking accounts and money market funds.



        
        

Accounting Standards Codification
(&#147;ASC&#148;) 820-10 establishes a framework for measuring the fair value of assets and liabilities and requires additional
disclosure about fair value measurements. ASC 820-10 defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or
paid to transfer a liability in the principal (or most advantageous market) for the asset or liability in than orderly transaction
between market participants at the measure date.

The Company has a number of financial
instruments
 including cash
 receivables
 inventory
 payables and debt obligations. The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents
receivables
 accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 the line of credit and notes payable approximates their fair values because of
the short maturity of these instruments. As further described in Note 7 the Company has issued warrants which are measured at
fair value on a recurring basis and result in a long-term derivative liability on the balance sheet. 




        
        

Trade receivables are uncollateralized
customer obligations due under normal trade terms requiring payment generally within 10-60 days from the invoice date. Accounts
are considered delinquent when outstanding for more than seven days past due date. The Company does not have a policy of accruing
interest on past due accounts. Payments on trade receivables are applied as instructed per the customer
 or to the earliest unpaid
invoices. The allowance for doubtful accounts represents an estimate of amounts considered uncollectible and is determined based
on management&#146;s historical collection experience
 adverse situations that may affect the customer&#146;s ability to repay
and prevailing economic conditions. Specific accounts deemed uncollectible are written off periodically with subsequent receipts
on previously written off accounts credited to bad debt expense.


        
        

Inventories of nutritional and
dietary supplements are stated at lower of cost or market on a first-in
 first-out (FIFO) basis.




        
        

Property and equipment are stated
at cost. Depreciation for financial accounting purposes is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated lives of
the respective assets
 ranging from three to ten years. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense when incurred. When property
and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the related cost and accumulated depreciation are thereafter removed from
the respective accounts and any gain or loss is credited or charged to income.


        
        

Other assets include intangible
assets which are principally direct television advertising
 websites
 as well as deposits and are included in Deposits and other
Assets. The Company periodically performs reviews of other assets including amortizable intangible and depreciable tangible assets
for impairment purposes using undiscounted cash flow methodology. Factors considered important that may trigger an impairment
of assets review include
 but are not necessarily limited to: significant changes in the manner of the use of its assets involving
its strategy for its overall business; significant negative industry or economic trends; or underperforming business trends. These
reviews may include an analysis of the Company&#146;s current operations and capacity utilization in conjunction with an analysis
of the markets in which the Company&#146;s business is operating.

Intangible assets are discussed
below. Amortization for financial accounting purposes is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives
of the respective assets which range from three to ten years. 





        
        

The Company operates predominantly
as a distributor of its dietary supplement products through traditional large retailers and electronic intermediaries. Revenue
from product sales is recognized upon transfer of title of the Company&#146;s product to its customers. Net sales represent product
sales less actual returns
 allowances
 discounts
 and product promotions. Sales to direct customers have an unconditional money
back guarantee for thirty to ninety days after the date of purchase. Sales to a select number of retail customers carry a &#147;Sale
or Return&#148; Purchase agreement per the sales contract
 where if minimum sales thresholds are not met within a required timeframe
the inventory will be returned to the Company for full credit. Other retail customers receive a percentage discount from invoice
to cover any customer returns or damages they may incur. 

In addition
 the Company provides
allowances for sales returns based upon estimated and known returns. Product returns are recorded as a reduction of net revenues
and as a reduction of the accounts receivable balance.

The Company receives other revenues
which includes but is not limited to shipping and handling charges which is charged to customers.



        
        

The Company purchases its products
directly from third party manufacturers. The Company&#146;s cost of sales include product costs
 including any associated materials
used in production
 cost of warehousing and distribution. Included in the cost of sales are transit freight shipping and handling
costs that are incurred by the Company.



        
        

The Company utilizes the asset
and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this asset and liability method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities
are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying
amounts of existing assets and liabilities
 and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using
enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. See Note
6
 &#147;Income Taxes&#148;.

Since 2012 was the Company&#146;s
initial tax year
 there are no prior federal or state tax returns subject to examination. Accordingly
 the only taxable periods
subject to examination by federal and state taxing authorities are the periods ended December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012. Federal
and state tax returns for the Company prior to the short form merger are open for the period ended December 31
 2011.



        
        

The Company leases its headquarters
facility the &#147;headquarters lease&#148;
 comprising approximately 10
044 square feet
 in Golden (metropolitan Denver)
 Colorado.
The lease term expires January 31
 2017 and requires equal monthly payments over the remaining term.


On November 1
 2014
 the Company
entered into a lease for approximately 17
026 square feet in Denver for its warehouse operations (the &#147;warehouse lease&#148;).  The lease term expires on December
31
 2018 and calls for inflation-adjusted increasing payments over the remaining term. 

The Company also leases miscellaneous
office and warehouse equipment. In most cases
 management expects that in the normal course of business these leases will be renewed
or replaced by other leases as applicable.



        
        

The Company expenses all production
costs related to advertising costs as they are incurred
 including print
 digital and television when the advertisement has been
broadcast or otherwise finished and or distributed. The Company records website costs related to its direct-to-consumer advertisements
in accordance with ASC 340-20 &#147;Capitalized Advertising Costs&#148;. In accordance with ASC 340-20
 direct response advertising
costs incurred should be reported as assets and should be amortized over the estimated period of the benefits
 based on the proportion
of current period revenue from the advertisements to probable future revenue. As of December 31
 2014 and December 31
 2013
 the
Company had deferred $0 and $7
651 respectively
 related to such advertising costs. This amount was included in Deposits and other
assets and was amortized over a one year period.



        
        

Research and development costs
which include the funding of clinical research studies
 as well as creation and development of new products
 are expensed when
incurred and
are included in selling and marketing expense.



Distribution
 Shipping and Handling Costs
Distribution
 Shipping and Handling Costs

Shipping costs on purchases and
shipping and handling fees related to sales charged to customers are both included in cost of sales. As mentioned in Revenue Recognition
shipping and handling revenue billed customers are reflected in other revenues.


        
        

Financial instruments that potentially
subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist principally of temporary cash investments and trade accounts receivables.
Concentrations of credit with respect to trade receivables are limited due to the large number of customers comprising the Company&#146;s
customer bases and their dispersion across different geographic locations.

The Company maintains cash balances
at one financial institution located in Colorado and one in California. Accounts at these institutions are insured by the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to $250
000 per account. At times during the year
 the Company&#146;s bank balances have
exceeded the FDIC limit. Management believes the risk of loss at such institutions to be minimal.

During the year ended December
31
 2014
 sales to three customers made up 57% of total product revenue
 with each customer representing greater than 10% of product
revenue on an individual basis. These customers&#146; combined accounts receivable balances were 51% of total accounts receivable
as of December 31
 2014. During the year ended December 31
 2013
 sales to three customers made up 58% of total product revenue
with each customer representing greater than 10% of product revenue on an individual basis. These customers&#146; combined accounts
receivable balances were 73% of total accounts receivable as of December 31
 2013.

During the year ended December
31
 2014
 purchases from three vendors made up 63% of total inventory purchases. These vendors&#146; combined accounts payable
balances were 44% of total accounts payable as of December 31
 2014. During the year ended December 31
 2013
 purchases from two
vendors made up 57% of total inventory purchases. These vendors&#146; combined accounts payable balances were 17% of total accounts
payable as of December 31
 2013.



        
        

The preparation of the financial
statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Significant estimates include but are not limited to the fair value determination of derivative instruments
 NOL allowance
 sales
returns allowance
 allowance for notes receivable and the realizable value of inventories.



        
        




Net earnings (loss) per share
is computed by dividing net income (loss) less preferred dividends for the period by the weighted average number of common stock
outstanding during each period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) less preferred dividends
for the period by the weighted average number of common stock
 common stock equivalents and potentially dilutive securities outstanding
during each period.

Since the Company reflected a
net loss for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 the effect of considering any common stock equivalents
 if exercisable
would have been anti-dilutive. A separate computation of diluted earnings (loss) per share is not presented.





        
        

In August 2014
 the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-15
 Presentation of Financial Statements
- Going Concern. The objective of ASU 2014-15 is to provide guidance on management&#146;s responsibility to evaluate whether
there is substantial doubt about a company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures.
ASU 2014-15 is effective for fiscal years ending after December 15
 2016
 and annual and interim periods thereafter. The Company
is currently evaluating impact of the adoption of this standard and do not expect it to have a significant impact on its financial
statements.

In May 2014
 the FASB issued
ASU 2014-09
 which establishes a comprehensive new revenue recognition standard designed to depict the transfer of goods or services
to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services.
In doing so
 companies may need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under current revenue recognition guidance.
The ASU allows for the use of either the full or modified retrospective transition method
 and the standard will be effective
for us in the first quarter of 2017 unless a deferral for adoption is provided by the FASB; early adoption is not permitted. The
Company is currently evaluating which transition approach to use and the impact of the adoption of this standard on its financial
statements.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.
              
 -Section 02
 03
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 provisions associated with inventories
 purchase discounts
 freight and other costs included in cost of sales incurred and recorded in the period. This disclosure also includes the nature of costs of sales incurred and recorded in the statement of operations for the period relating to transactions with related parties.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Subparagraph i
 ii
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 operating versus capital)
 (2) how the term of a lease is determined (for example
 the circumstances in which a renewal option is considered part of the lease term)
 (3) how rental revenue or expense is recognized for a lease that contains rent escalations
 (4) an entity's accounting treatment for deferred rent
 including that which arises from lease incentives
 rent abatements
 rent holidays
 or tenant allowances (5) an entity's accounting treatment for contingent rental payments and (6) an entity's policy for reviewing
 at least annually
 the residual values of sales-type and direct-finance leases. The disclosure also may indicate how the entity accounts for its capital leases
 leveraged leases or sale-leaseback transactions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net realizable value)
 how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts
 when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized
 and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including its treatment of related fees and costs
 its treatment of premiums
 discounts or unearned income
 when accrual of interest is discontinued
 how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans
 disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums
 discounts
 and nonrefundable fees and costs.
              
 -Paragraph 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
$ 9
513
606
$ 10
507
038


        
103
975
115
749


        
37
207
42
251


        
9
654
788
10
665
038


        
4
727
660
4
686
708


        
4
927
128
5
978
330


        
        
        


        
2
353
018
2
974
203


        
2
499
719
2
241
470


        
1
082
962
1
586
526


        
78
574
95
148


        
6
014
273
6
897
347


        
(1
087
145)
(919
017)


        
300
800
74
346


        
(55
827)
(78
533)


        
(49
540)
(32
610)


        
(891
712)
(955
814)


        
(278
697)
(2
828)


        
$ (1
170
409)
$ (958
642)


Net loss per common share
 Basic
        
        


Net loss per common share
 Diluted
        
        


Weighted average shares outstanding
 Basic
12
890
840
12
763
946


Weighted average shares outstanding
 Diluted
12
890
840
12
763
946




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after income or loss from equity method investments
 but before income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 wages
 profit sharing and incentive compensation
 and other employee benefits
 including equity-based compensation
 and pension and other postretirement benefit expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 general and administrative expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 from items that are associated with the entity's normal revenue producing operations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 not elsewhere specified in the taxonomy; net of (reduced by) sales adjustments
 returns
 allowances
 and discounts.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1(a)
(d))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

For the years ended December
31 2014
 and 2013
 the Company recognized income tax expense of $278
697 and $2
828
 respectively.

At December 31
 2014 and 2013
management believes there are no uncertain tax liabilities. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain
tax positions in income tax (benefit)/expense. No interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions were accrued at December
31
 2014 or 2013.

The Company files income tax
returns in U.S. federal jurisdiction and various states. There are currently no federal or state income tax examinations underway
for these jurisdictions. The 2014 tax year remains open to examination by taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject.

Income tax provision for the periods December 31
2014 and December 31
 2013 consists of the following:



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
67
026
    
    
18
438

    
    
10
649
    
    
1
890

    
    
77
675
    
    
20
328

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
185
106
    
    
(18
756)

    
    
15
916
    
    
1
256

    
    
201
022
    
    
(17
500)

    
    
278
697
    
    
2
828







The reconciliations of the results
of applying the Company's effective statutory federal income tax rate of 35% for the years ended December 31
 2014 and December
31
 2013 to the Company's income before taxes and the Company's provision for income taxes are as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


The components of the deferred tax assets
 net of
deferred tax liabilities for each period are:



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
42
109
    
    
32
709

    
    
32
132
    
    
26
506

    
    
72
646
    
    
111
069

    
    
32
147
    
    
9
865

    
    
(167
394)
    
    
    

    
    
11
640
    
    
180
149

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
772
088
    
    
410
140

    
    
29
211
    
    
    

    
    
58
097
    
    
179
030

    
    
21
505
    
    
21
589

    
    
22
366
    
    
    

    
    
(844
543)
    
    
(410
140)

    
    
58
724
    
    
200
619

    
    
70
364
    
    
380
768

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
(13
295)
    
    
(41
137)

    
    
(55
659)
    
    
(85
931)

    
    
(68
954)
    
    
(127
068)

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
(43
853)

    
    
(1
410)
    
    
(8
825)

    
    
(1
410)
    
    
(52
678)

    
    
(70
364)
    
    
(179
746)

    
    
    
    
    
201
022


As of December 31
 2014
 the
Company has federal and state income tax net operating loss (NOL) carry forwards of $2
031
303 which will expire at various dates
from 2032 through 2034. The NOLs are projected to expire as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
434
814

    
    
    
466
786

    
    
    
1
129
703

    
    
    
2
031
303




At December 31
 2014
 approximately
$8.208 million of net operating loss carry forwards for federal income tax purposes and approximately $8.208 million of net operating
loss carry forwards for state income tax purposes
 existed and were previously generated by a predecessor company. The Tax Reform
Act of 1986 contains provisions that limit the utilization of net operating loss and tax credit carry forwards if there has been
a change of ownership as described in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. According to a preliminary analysis performed
by the Company
 it was determined that these net operating loss carry forwards would not currently be available for utilization
by the Company. As such
 these net operating loss carry forwards which had previously been 100% allowed for
 have been removed
from the deferred tax assets. The availability of the net operating loss carry forwards may be analyzed further in future accounting
periods. If a positive determination is made
 the net operating loss carry forwards might then be reported as deferred tax assets
of the Company.



Based upon past financial performance
the company has not been able to utilize certain NOL carry forwards. In recognition of this risk
 at December 31
 2014
 and 2013
a valuation allowance of $844
543 and $410
140
 respectively
 has been recognized on the deferred tax assets relating to the net
operating loss carry forwards. Should future financial performance change and it is determined the Company can realize the use
of these net operating losses
 the appropriate tax expense and equity adjustments will be made.

In addition to the valuation
allowance offsetting the deferred tax assets arising from net operating loss carry forwards
 at certain other deferred tax assets
at December 31
 2014 have been reduced by a valuation allowance for the amount of any tax benefits which
 more likely than not
based on current circumstances
 are not expected to be realized. Should the Company achieve sufficient
 sustained income in the
future
 some or all of the valuation allowances may be reversed.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

The Company is engaged in various
legal actions
 claims and proceedings arising in the normal course of business
 including claims related to breach of contracts
product liabilities and intellectual property matters resulting from the Company&#146;s business activities. As with most actions
such as these
 an estimation of any possible and/or ultimate liability cannot always be determined. The following summaries highlight
the current status of certain material commercial litigation in which the Company is involved.

On May 17
 2013 and on January
31
 2014 the Company received demand letters from the Environmental Research Corporation
 &#147;ERC&#148; requesting substantiation
of compliance with the State of California&#146;s Proposition 65 regulations for ten of its products. In October
 while the Company
was awaiting the results of the compliance testing
 ERC contacted the Company again requesting settlement to their initial demand
letter. And in February 2014
 before compliance testing or any other demand letter validation was completed
 ERC contacted the
Company again requesting settlement to their second demand letter. After many discussions with ERC
 a lawsuit was filed by ERC
for the non-compliance issues with the State of California&#146; Proposition 65 regulations. After many conversations and mediation
attempts
 both parties have agreed to a settlement
 which has been approved by the iSatori Board of Directors. The documents are
currently being generated for presentation to the California Court. Once accepted by the court
 settlement amounts will be paid.
This action is expected to happen in second quarter of 2015. The Company believes this settlement of the lawsuits is in the best
interest of iSatori. Settlement amounts have been accrued into FY 2014 and are reflected in this 10K report.

On March 24
 2014 the Company
received a summons in a civil action filed by Wise Sports Nutrition
 LLC claiming alleged trademark infringement for iSatori&#146;s
Garcinia Trim product. Company counsel has made contact with the plaintiff&#146;s attorney and filed a response to the alleged
trademark infringement with the Company&#146;s counterclaims. The Company believes the counterclaims have strong merit and are
pursuing their defense. Both parties have prepared responses and presented them to the court. The court has recently ruled in
favor of iSatori and its filing of a summary judgment. As a result of this ruling the trademark has been ruled as &#147;descriptive&#148;
and therefore not eligible for trademark assignment. iSatori has been contacted by the former plaintiff in this case to discuss
a favorable settlement with iSatori. Settlement discussions will get underway promptly. The Company believes now that a favorable
condition exists for settlement but it is too early in the settlement proceedings to make a determination of the outcome. Therefore
no range of any possible gain or loss can be reasonably estimated as of the date of the financial statements.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 legal contingencies
 litigation
 regulatory and environmental matters and other contingencies.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
December
    31
 2014
    
December
    31
 2013

    
Level
    1
    
Level
    2
    
Level
    3
    
Level
    1
    
Level
    2
    
Level
    3

    
    
34
979
    
    
    
    
    
152
849
    
    
108
228
    
    
    
    
    
471
015

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
108
228
    
    
    
    
    
471
015
    
    
29
338
    
    
    
    
    
701
852

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
(115
881)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(36
103)
    
    
    
    
    
(87
755)

    
    
42
632
    
    
    
    
    
(318
166)
    
    
114
993
    
    
    
    
    
(143
082)

    
    
34
979
    
    
    
    
    
152
849
    
    
108
228
    
    
    
    
    
471
015






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity
 if any
 by class that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall
 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)
 significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).  Where the quoted price in an active market for the identical liability is not available
 the Level 1 input is the quoted price of an identical liability when traded as an asset.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
December
    31
 2014
    
December
    31
 2013

    
    
        
    
Fair
    Value
    
    
        
    
Fair
    Value

    
    
738
725
    
    
738
725
    
    
822
876
    
    
822
876

    
    
925
506
    
    
925
506
    
    
2
398
178
    
    
2
398
178

    
    
819
918
    
    
819
918
    
    
1
248
490
    
    
1
248
490

    
    
152
849
    
    
152
849
    
    
471
015
    
    
471
015




        
        
    
    
    
    
    

    
December
                                         31

        
    
December
                                         31

        

    
    
951
396
    
    
2
323
522

    
    
(25
890)
    
    
74
656

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
925
506
    
    
2
398
178




        
        
    
    
    
    
    

    
December
                                         31

        
    
December
                                         31

        

    
    
170
435
    
    
120
057

    
    
308
333
    
    
207
320

    
    
2
004
834
    
    
1
658
387

    
    
2
483
602
    
    
1
985
764




        
        
    
    
    
    
    

    
Balance
                                         at
December
        31
 2014
    
Balance
                                         at
December
        31
 2013

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
38
355
    
    
38
355

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
38
796
    
    
38
796

    
    
(24
890)
    
    
(12
090)

    
    
13
906
    
    
26
706




    
    
    

Future Amortization for the years
    ending December 31:
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
12
785

    
    
1
121




        
        



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
169
993

    
    
    
174
350

    
    
    
102
748

    
    
    
100
199

    
    
    
547
290




        
        
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
593
081
    
669
963

    
    
420
549
    
928
881

    
    
13
689
208
    
13
862
892






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including financial assets and financial liabilities
 and the measurements of those instruments
 assets
 and liabilities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 allowance
 and net carrying value as of the balance sheet date. Presentation is categorized by current
 noncurrent and unclassified receivables.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3
 -Paragraph 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 by antidilutive securities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life
 by either major class or business segment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
              
 -Subparagraph a
b
c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Note 9 - Revolving Line of Credit and Related
Interest

The Company entered into a renewed
and expanded Credit Agreement with Colorado Business Bank West of Denver
 Colorado on August 27
 2014. Borrowings under this agreement
will be used to provide ongoing working capital and for other general corporate purposes of the Company and its subsidiaries.

The agreement provides a revolving commitment to the
Company of $2
000
000. Amounts outstanding under the agreement will be reflected in a promissory note with a principal balance
of $2
000
000 and a maturity date of November 16
 2015 (the &#147;Promissory Note&#148;). The principal balance on the Promissory
Note bears interest at the one month USD LIBOR rate measured not more often than once per month (the &#147;Index&#148;). Interest
on any unpaid balance under the promissory note will bear interest at the Index plus 3.75% with a minimum interest rate of 4.00%
per annum
 and is payable monthly. The agreement requires the Company to comply with certain affirmative covenants
 including
a minimum current ratio of 1.5 to 1
 a maximum leverage ratio of 2 to 1
 and minimum tangible equity capital of $2
750
000 through
November 30
 2014
 and $3
000
000 thereafter
 as well as providing limitations on dividends
 additional indebtedness
 and certain
other changes.

On January 7
 2015
 Colorado
Business Bank provided the Company with notice of a non-monetary event of default concerning the Company&#146;s violation of
the minimum tangible equity capital covenant set forth in the loan agreement. On March 17
 2015
 iSatori reached a preliminary
agreement with their primary banking institution
 Colorado Business Bank (&#34;CoBiz&#34;)
 in which the loan agreement and
covenants will be modified and the Company will no longer be in forbearance. iSatori and CoBiz have agreed on the principal terms
of the arrangement and are currently awaiting documentation from their respective legal teams. The Company has
 and will continue
to
 enter into discussions with certain material vendors
 offering early pay discounts to improve the timing of accounts receivable
collection. In addition
 the Company has
 and will continue to
 enter into discussions with certain material suppliers concerning
extended credit terms to improve the flexibility of the Company's cash management program. These actions
 combined with the pending
agreement with CoBiz
 will help ensure the Company's liquidity and compliance with its loan covenants.&#160;

The Company&#146;s prior line
of credit with Colorado Business Bank West of Denver
 Colorado provided a revolving commitment to the Company in the amount of
$1
500
000 and was in effect since its inception on July 16
 2012 and subsequent renewal on October 16
 2013 through the date
of the renewal and expansion on August 27
 2014. Other terms of the former credit agreement were the same as those of the renewed
and expanded credit agreement described above.

The outstanding balance on the
Company&#146;s revolving line of credit as of December 31
 2014 and 2013 was $1
620
519 and $1
220
655
 respectively.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

At December 31
 2014
 there were
12
909
278 shares of common stock
 par value $.01 per share
 outstanding for the Company.



As of December 31
 2014
 there
were common stock warrants outstanding to purchase aggregate shares of common stock pursuant to the warrant grants described below.

On July 15
 2011 the Company
issued warrants
 now totaling 420
549 shares
 to purchase 3% of fully diluted shares of the common stock of the Company to Breakwater
Structured Growth Opportunity Fund
 L.P.
 (the &#147;Breakwater warrant&#148;) with an imputed exercise price equal to approximately
one-hundredth of a dollar in connection with a $1.025 million subordinated mezzanine loan arrangement. These warrants are fully
vested and expire on June 15
 2016.

Included in the aforementioned
Breakwater warrant
 was an obligation by the Company to
 among other things
 honor an irrevocable put right through which the
Company agreed to purchase up to the 3% of fully diluted shares of its common stock underlying the warrant
 which expires on July
15
 2016. Upon completion of the Merger
 the irrevocable put right was removed.

The Company used a lattice model
in developing a fair value for the Breakwater warrant obligation at December 31
 2014
 using a quoted stock value of $.375 per
share
 which represents a discount of 50% from the closing stock price. This reduction was based on the application of a discount
for lack of liquidity. Other assumptions used in the valuations include (a) risk free interest rate of .67% based on duration
(b) weighted average expected term in years of 1.58
 (c) weighted average expected stock volatility of 37.13%
 (d) expected dividends
of 0% (e) stock price movements ranging from 1.053 to .950 and (f) risk neutral probabilities ranging from .488 to .512. These
valuations resulted in net income of $318
166 and in the Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31
 2014. In addition
as of June 28
 2013
 $87
755 was reclassified to additional paid in capital from derivative liability due to the exercise of a
prior warrant
 and revaluations resulted in net income of $143
082 in the Statement of Operations for the year ended December
31
 2013.

Effective January 1
 2013
 the
Company entered into a one year agreement
 subject to quarterly cancellation at the Company&#146;s sole discretion
 with Microcap
Headlines
 Inc. In connection with this agreement
 the Company issued warrants to purchase an aggregate of 100
000 shares of the
Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $2.25 per share (the &#147;Microcap warrants&#148;). These warrants were
subject to conditional vesting schedule in one-fourth (quarterly) increments
 subject to the Company&#146;s sole discretion.
The first increment was granted and fully vested on January 1
 2013
 the second increment was granted and fully vested on April
1
 2013
 the third increment was granted and fully vested on July 1
 2013
 and the fourth increment was granted and fully vested
on October 1
 2013. These vested warrants expire on January 1
 2018.

Effective July 16
 2013
 the
Company entered into a business consulting agreement with Optivest Global Partners
 LLC. In connection with this agreement
 the
Company issued warrants to purchase an aggregate of 250
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of
$2.25 per share (the &#147;Optivest warrants&#148;). These warrants are fully vested and expire July 16
 2018. These warrants
will be assignable and transferable
 at Optivest&#146;s discretion.

The fair value of the Microcap
and Optivest warrants were estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model.

The Black-Scholes assumptions
used when the warrants were issued are as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
FY
    2013
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


The Company assumed the 1
069
587
outstanding warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock which were issued by Integrated in fiscal years 2009 and before. Of these
17
230 expired on July 29
 2012 and the remainder expired on May 31
 2014.

The following is a summary of the Company&#146;s
warrant activity:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Weighted
                                         Average
Exercise
        Price
    
Weighted
                                         Average
        
Contractual
        Life

Balance &#150; December 31
 2012
    
225
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
350
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
-
    
    
    

Balance &#150; December 31
 2013
    
575
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
-
    
    
    

Balance &#150; December 31
 2014 &#150; outstanding
    
575
000
    
    
    
    
4.05
    years

Balance &#150; December 31
 2014 &#150; exercisable
    
575
000
    
    
    
    
4.05
    years


2012 Performance Incentive
Plan

On September 27
 2012
 the Company&#146;s
Board of Directors approved the 2012 Performance Incentive Plan (the Plan&#148;). The Plan allows the Company to promote the
success of the Corporation and to increase stockholder value by providing an additional means through the grant of awards to attract
motivate
 retain and reward selected employees and other eligible persons. Any stock option granted in the form of an incentive
stock option will be intended to comply with the requirements of Section 422 of the Code. Only stock options granted to employees
qualify for incentive stock option treatment. A stock option may be exercised in whole or in installments
 which may be cumulative.
Shares of common stock purchased upon the exercise of a stock option must be paid for in full at the time of the exercise in cash
or such other consideration determined by the compensation committee. Payment may include tendering shares of common stock or
surrendering of a stock award
 or a combination of methods.

The Plan is administered by the
Plan Administrator
 being the Board or one or more committees appointed by the Board or another committee (within its delegated
authority) to administer all or certain aspects of this Plan. The Administrator has full and exclusive power within the limitations
set forth in the Plan to make all decisions and determinations regarding the selection of participants and the granting of awards;
establishing the terms and conditions relating to each award; adopting rules
 regulations and guidelines; and interpreting the
Plan.

On January 2
 2014
 the Company
issued options to purchase 10
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock to an employee with an exercise price of $2.50 per
share and which contained three year vesting schedules of 1/3 each year through October 2016. These options were due to expire
on October 15
 2023. In September 2014
 upon termination of employment prior to vesting
 these options were forfeited.

On February 10
 2014
 the Company
issued options to purchase 6
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock to an employee with an exercise price of $2.22 per
share and which contain three year vesting schedules of 1/3 each year through February 2017. These options were due to expire
on February 10
 2024. In December
 2014
 upon termination of employment prior to vesting
 these options were forfeited.

On September 17
 2013
 the Company
issued options to purchase 50
000 shares of the Company stock to an employee
 having an exercise price of $2.10
 and which contain
three year vesting schedules of 1/3 each year through September 2015. These options are due to expire on September 17
 2023.

The Company applied fair value
accounting for all share based payment awards. The fair value of each option granted is estimated on the date of grant using the
Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The total valuation of the options granted in 2014 was $3
363. Due to their forfeiture prior
to vesting
 expense of $747 recognized in previous quarters of 2014 was reversed within subsequent periods of 2014
 for a net
expense of $0 related to 2014 grants for the year ended December 31
 2014. The total valuation of the options granted in 2013
was $30
985
 which is being expensed over the three year vesting period. The expense recognized related to these options for the
year ended December 31
 2014 was $10
328. The Black-Scholes assumptions used when the options were issued are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
FY
    2014
    
    
    
FY
    2013
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


The following is a summary of the Company&#146;s
stock option activity:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Weighted
                                         Average
Exercise
        Price
    
Weighted
                                         Average
        
Contractual
        Life

Balance &#150; December 31
 2012
    
828
174
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
(137
577)
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
(9
908)
    
    
    
    
    

Balance &#150; December 31
 2013
    
730
689
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
16
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
(16
000)
    
    
    
    
    

Balance &#150; December 31
 2014 &#150; outstanding
    
730
689
    
    
    
    
7.30
    years

Balance &#150; December 31
 2014 &#150; exercisable
    
637
159
    
    
    
    
7.25
    years

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
730
689
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
637
159
    
    
    
    
    


In addition to the above
 for
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company has recognized $12
619 in share based compensation expense arising from the amortization
of option awards granted prior to January 1
 2013.



On July 10
 2014
 the Company
issued 5
603 shares of restricted stock to members of its board of directors. On September 23
 2014
 the Company issued 4
098
shares of restricted stock to a new member of its board of directors. On October 28
 2014
 the Company issued 7
738 shares of
restricted stock to members of its board of directors. On November 13
 2014
 the Company issued 4
688 shares to a new member of
its board of directors. The Company is amortizing total expense related to these issuances over the restriction period which is
equivalent to the directors&#146; one-year term. The Company has recorded share based compensation expense due to these issuances
of $16
568 for the year ended December 31
 2014. In addition
 for the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company has amortized
prior expense of $9
212 to equity related to grants of restricted stock made prior to January 1
 2014.

On April 1
 2014
 the Company
issued 7
500 shares of its $.01 par value common stock to a business development consultant. The Company considered the fair value
of the shares issued to be the most reliable measure of compensation to the consultant. At the time of issuance
 the Company&#146;s
stock price was $2.17 per share
 and therefore the issuance resulted in $16
275 of share based compensation expense for the year
ended December 31
 2014.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

In connection with the Merger
the Company assumed into its capital structure the convertible stock originally issued by Integrated. Accordingly
 at December
31
 2014
 the Company&#146;s convertible preferred stock
 $0.01 par value per share
 consisted of the following:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Par
    Value
    
    
        
    
    
        

    
    
    
    
9
500
    
    
190
000

    
    
    
    
13
000
    
    
260
000

    
    
    
    
22
500
    
    
450
000


Series A
$20 Convertible Preferred Stock. At December 31
 2014
 the Company had 9
500 shares of its Series A $20 Convertible Preferred
Stock (the &#147;Series A Preferred&#148;) outstanding. Holders of the Series A Preferred are not entitled to receive any dividends
and have no voting rights unless otherwise required pursuant to Delaware law. Each share of the Series A Preferred may
 at the
option of the Company
 be converted into the equivalent of one-fifth (1/5th) of a share of common stock at any time after (i)
the closing bid price of the common stock is at least $2.00 for at least 20 trading days during any 30 consecutive trading day
period
 and (ii) the shares of common stock to be received on conversion have been registered or otherwise qualified for sale
under applicable securities laws. The holders of the Series A Preferred have the right to convert each share into the equivalent
of one-fifth (1/5th) of a share of common stock at any time. Upon any liquidation
 dissolution
 or winding up of the Company
the holders of the Series A Preferred are entitled to receive $20 per share before the holders of common stock are entitled to
receive any distribution. In the event the Company enters into any consolidation
 merger or other transaction in which the shares
of Common Stock are exchanged for or changed into other stock or other securities
 each share of Series A Preferred will at the
same time be similarly exchanged or changed into such consideration as is equal to four times the amount of consideration to be
received for each share of common stock.

Series D $20 Convertible Preferred
Stock. At December 31
 2014 the Company had 13
000 shares of its Series D $20 Convertible Preferred Stock (the &#147;Series D
Preferred&#148;) outstanding. Holders of the Series D Preferred are entitled to receive
 out of funds of the Company legally
available
 dividends at the annual rate of $1.80 per annum per share.

The Company may redeem the Series
D Preferred upon not less than 30 days&#146; notice
 in whole or in part
 for an amount of $20 per share plus all accrued but
unpaid dividends applicable to such share. After notice and prior to the expiration of the 30-day notice period
 holders of the
Series D Preferred will have the option to convert the Series D Preferred into common stock prior to the redemption. Each share
of the Series D Preferred may
 at the option of the Company
 be converted into the number of shares of common stock as determined
by dividing $20 plus any accrued and unpaid dividends on such share by $80 at any time after (i) the closing bid price of the
common stock exceeds $200.00 for 20 consecutive trading days
 and (ii) the Company has sustained positive earnings per share of
common stock for the two previous fiscal quarters. The holders of the Series D Preferred have the right to convert each share
at any time into the number of shares of common stock as determined by dividing $20 plus any accrued and unpaid dividends on such
share by $80. The holders of the Series D Preferred are entitled to receive $20 per share plus any accrued and unpaid dividends
on such share before the holders of common stock are entitled to receive any distribution. In the event the Company enters into
any consolidation
 merger or other transaction in which the shares of Common Stock are exchanged for or changed into other stock
or other securities
 each share of Series D Preferred will at the same time be similarly exchanged or changed into the aggregate
amount of stock as would have been received had the holder converted such shares immediately prior to the transaction.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

The Company follows ASC 820
Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
 which defines fair value
 establishes a framework for using fair value to measure assets
and liabilities
 and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. The statement establishes a hierarchy for inputs used
in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring
that the most observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs that market participants would use in pricing
the asset or liability developed based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Company. Unobservable inputs are
inputs that reflect the Company&#146;s assumptions of what market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed
based on the best information available in the circumstances. The hierarchy is broken down into three levels based on the reliability
of the inputs as follows:

Level 1: Quoted prices are available in active markets
for identical assets or liabilities.

Level 2: Quoted prices in active
markets for similar assets and liabilities that are observable for the asset or liability; or

Level 3: Unobservable pricing
inputs that are generally less observable from objective sources
 such as discounted cash flow models or valuations.

ASC 820 requires financial assets
and liabilities to be classified based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The Company&#146;s
assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment
 and may affect the valuation
of the fair value of assets and liabilities and their placement within the fair value hierarchy levels.

For the purposes of marketable
securities where there is an active market
 the Company uses the quoted prices available for the identical asset or liability.
As of December 31
 2013
 $108
228 assets held for sale valued using the Level 1 mark-to-market approach. As of December 31
 2014
the Company had $34
979 assets held for sale valued using the Level 1 mark-to-market approach.

The inputs used in the fair value
measurements categorized within Level 3 include the stock price at the valuation date
 the exercise price of the warrant
 the
expected period of time the warrant will be outstanding
 the annual volatility of the underlying stock price
 the annual yield
rate of quarterly dividends
 and the risk free rate of interest relevant to the expected time period the warrant will be outstanding.

The following
table represents the Company&#146;s warrant derivative liabilities that were accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis
by level within the fair value hierarchy:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
December
    31
 2014
    
December
    31
 2013

    
Level
    1
    
Level
    2
    
Level
    3
    
Level
    1
    
Level
    2
    
Level
    3

    
    
34
979
    
    
    
    
    
152
849
    
    
108
228
    
    
    
    
    
471
015

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
108
228
    
    
    
    
    
471
015
    
    
29
338
    
    
    
    
    
701
852

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
(115
881)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(36
103)
    
    
    
    
    
(87
755)

    
    
42
632
    
    
    
    
    
(318
166)
    
    
114
993
    
    
    
    
    
(143
082)

    
    
34
979
    
    
    
    
    
152
849
    
    
108
228
    
    
    
    
    
471
015






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes financial instruments measured at fair value that are classified in shareholders' equity
 which may be measured on a recurring or nonrecurring basis.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
$ 67
026
$ 18
438


        
10
649
1
890


        
77
675
20
328


        
        
        


        
185
106
(18
756)


        
15
916
1
256


        
201
022
(17
500)


        
$ 278
697
$ 2
828




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 acquisition-date income tax benefits or expenses recognized from changes in the acquirer's valuation allowance for its previously existing deferred tax assets resulting from a business combination and adjustments to beginning-of-year balance of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstance causing a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future periods.
              
 -Subparagraph (g)
(h)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Schedule of Share-based Payment Award
 Warrants Valuation Assumptions
The Black-Scholes assumptions
used when the warrants were issued are as follows:


    
    
    
    

    
FY
    2013
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


The Black-Scholes assumptions used when the options
were issued are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
FY
    2014
    
    
    
FY
    2013
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




        
The following is a summary of the Company&#146;s
warrant activity:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Weighted
                                         Average
Exercise
        Price
    
Weighted
                                         Average
        
Contractual
        Life

Balance &#150; December 31
 2012
    
225
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
350
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
-
    
    
    

Balance &#150; December 31
 2013
    
575
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
-
    
    
    

Balance &#150; December 31
 2014 &#150; outstanding
    
575
000
    
    
    
    
4.05
    years

Balance &#150; December 31
 2014 &#150; exercisable
    
575
000
    
    
    
    
4.05
    years




        
The following is a summary of the Company&#146;s
stock option activity:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Weighted
                                         Average
Exercise
        Price
    
Weighted
                                         Average
        
Contractual
        Life

Balance &#150; December 31
 2012
    
828
174
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
(137
577)
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
(9
908)
    
    
    
    
    

Balance &#150; December 31
 2013
    
730
689
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
16
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
(16
000)
    
    
    
    
    

Balance &#150; December 31
 2014 &#150; outstanding
    
730
689
    
    
    
    
7.30
    years

Balance &#150; December 31
 2014 &#150; exercisable
    
637
159
    
    
    
    
7.25
    years

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
730
689
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
637
159
    
    
    
    
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whereas options are exchange instruments and are not issued by the company. Also
 the lifetime of a warrant is often measured in years
 while the lifetime of a typical option is measured in months. Disclose the title of issue of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the aggregate amount of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the date from which the warrants or rights are exercisable
 and the price at which the warrant or right is exercisable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
$ 170
435
$ 120
057


        
308
333
207
320


        
2
004
834
1
658
387


        
$ 2
483
602
$ 1
985
764




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(4)
(5))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested
 Number of Shares [Roll Forward]
        
        


Warrants outstanding
 beginning of period
575
000
225
000


        
        
350
000


Warrants outstanding
 end of period
575
000
575
000


Warrants exercisable
 end of period
        
575
000


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
        
        


Warrants
 weighted average exercise price outstanding
 beginning of period
        
        


Warrants
 weighted average exercise price granted
        
        


Warrants
 weighted average exercise price outstanding
 end of period
        
        


Warrants
 weighted average exercise price exercisable
 end of period
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Additional Disclosures
        
        


Warrants
 weighted average remaining contractual life outstanding
 beginning of period
        
        


Warrants
 weighted average remaining contractual life
 granted
        
        


Warrants
 weighted average remaining contractual life outstanding
 end of period
        
        


Warrants
 weighted average remaining contractual life exercisable
 end of period
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Exercisable at end of Period
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 exercisable at end of period
 weighted average exercise price.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 granted during the period
 weighted average exercise price.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 outstanding at end of period
 weighted average exercise price.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 granted during the period
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 exercisable at end of period
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 outstanding at end of period
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          


          


          


          


          


          



Beginning balance at Dec. 31
 2012
        
$ 126
228
$ 4
343
069
$ (1
173
846)
$ 3
295
676


Beginning balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2012
22
500
12
622
756
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
(958
642)
(958
642)


Share based compensation
 value
        
        
320
050
        
320
050


Exercise of Warrants/Options
 value
        
2
495
52
239
        
54
734


Exercise of Warrants/Options
 shares
        
249
508
        
        
        


Issuance of shares to the Board of Directors
 value
        
        
16
177
        
16
251


Issuance of shares to the Board of Directors
 shares
        
7
387
        
        
        


Ending balance at Dec. 31
 2013
        
128
797
4
731
535
(2
132
488)
2
728
069


Ending balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2013
22
500
12
879
651
        
        
12
879
651


        
        
        
        
(1
170
409)
(1
170
409)


Share based compensation
 value
        
        
48
707
        
48
782


Share based compensation
 shares
        
7
500
        
        
        


Issuance of shares to the Board of Directors
 value
        
        
15
999
        
16
220


Issuance of shares to the Board of Directors
 shares
        
22
127
        
        
        


Ending balance at Dec. 31
 2014
        
$ 129
093
$ 4
796
241
$ (3
302
897)
$ 1
622
662


Ending balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2014
22
500
12
909
278
        
        
12
909
278




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as pension expense and contributions
 other postretirement benefits expense and payments
 stock or unit options expense
 and amortization of restricted stock or unit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

In accordance with the accounting
standards on contingencies
 the Company accrues a loss contingency if it is probable and can reasonably be estimated or a liability
has been incurred at the date of the financial statements. If both of these conditions are not met
 or if an exposure to loss
exists in excess of the amount accrued
 disclosure of the contingency shall be made when there is at least a reasonable possibility
that a loss or an additional loss may have been incurred. The Company is exposed to legal claims encountered in the normal course
of business. See Note 5
 &#147;Litigation&#148;. Management believes that the ultimate resolution of these matters will not
have a material adverse effect on the operating results or the financial position of the Company.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 situation
 or set of circumstances involving uncertainty as of the balance sheet date (or prior to issuance of the financial statements) as to a probable or reasonably possible loss incurred by an entity that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur
 and typically discloses the amount of loss recorded or a range of possible loss
 or an assertion that no reasonable estimate can be made.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
$ 38
355
$ 38
355


        
        
        


        
        
        


Total intangible assets
 gross
38
796
38
796


        
(24
890)
(12
090)


Total intangible assets
 net
$ 13
906
$ 26
706




        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or to acquire such rights.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 symbol or other device or style for a specified period of time.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
$ 278
697
$ 2
828


        
        
        


        
2
031
303
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
8
208
000
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
$ 844
543
$ 410
140




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Income tax provision for the periods December 31
2014 and December 31
 2013 consists of the following:



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
67
026
    
    
18
438

    
    
10
649
    
    
1
890

    
    
77
675
    
    
20
328

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
185
106
    
    
(18
756)

    
    
15
916
    
    
1
256

    
    
201
022
    
    
(17
500)

    
    
278
697
    
    
2
828







        
        
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




        
The components of the deferred tax assets
 net of
deferred tax liabilities for each period are:



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
42
109
    
    
32
709

    
    
32
132
    
    
26
506

    
    
72
646
    
    
111
069

    
    
32
147
    
    
9
865

    
    
(167
394)
    
    
    

    
    
11
640
    
    
180
149

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
772
088
    
    
410
140

    
    
29
211
    
    
    

    
    
58
097
    
    
179
030

    
    
21
505
    
    
21
589

    
    
22
366
    
    
    

    
    
(844
543)
    
    
(410
140)

    
    
58
724
    
    
200
619

    
    
70
364
    
    
380
768

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
(13
295)
    
    
(41
137)

    
    
(55
659)
    
    
(85
931)

    
    
(68
954)
    
    
(127
068)

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
(43
853)

    
    
(1
410)
    
    
(8
825)

    
    
(1
410)
    
    
(52
678)

    
    
(70
364)
    
    
(179
746)

    
    
    
    
    
201
022




        
        



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
434
814

    
    
    
466
786

    
    
    
1
129
703

    
    
    
2
031
303






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as tax authority
 amounts
 and expiration dates
 of net operating loss carryforwards
 including an assessment of the likelihood of utilization.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













